I mean did you see how he got hurt, that shit looked painful
You mean the owners of the slogan: "Devin Booker's injury is legitimate" ?
So there are 3 real (broad) options really

- worst one: he gets convicted for a felony and goes to jail (bad) or loses his work visa (bad)

- kinda bad: he gets convicted but stays out of jail and can stay in the US, will face a long term 10+ game suspension by the NBA. 

- Least bad: Get's a plea deal or gets his conviction down to a misdemeanor, will still get a relative suspension from either the Hawks or the NBA

Now he's rich as shit and makes people a lot of money, so we can somewhat expect him avoiding the worst option, but ya never know. 
yeah obviously I don’t mean we would eat his contract, we’re not retooling that hard. we’d use the exit clause
I'll agree he's a little slow but no size? The guy is 6'8 and basically a point guard
[SPEAKING OF LUKA JUST LOOK AT WHAT THIS FUCKING KID JUST DID MAN] (https://streamable.com/0l5wb)
Damn this was three years ago??? I remember my friend's dad had tickets to the game for us but I couldn't go because I was working. Was so mad but had to work. Missed this moment, my friends' said it was amazing. Fuck man
(inb4 the sub gets brigaded by sixers fans again cause jokes are bad unless they do em)
Why are we mad at Mona Lisa again?
I know we're not good but every loss still hurts me :-(
The fuck did you say about us?
I thought we were allowed to quote Halfbaked without someone getting weird.
Anyone have tickets for tonight’s game they need to get rid of? Was disappointed that there were no college student tickets tonight. 
No one else, just you, your life sucks
No offense taken. Food and prices are so so bad. They are re doing everything out there this offseason so hopefully that will change 
Agreed, but fuck Jamal Murray
I vaguely remember that. Bummer I missed peak /r/AtlantaHawks
Dont look now but the Suns are still in the game nearing halftime too. Cmon based bender
What in the fuck NBA
Or a game of horse 

And depressing 
The Hawks have the 7th worst fg% in the league. The Pistons have the 6th worst, which may explaines why Drummond is leading the league in rebounds.
Weird to think that losing this game is a win-win scenario.  an oxymoron or some shit
[On the previous episode of this game] (https://youtu.be/ANiau70SQ3Q)
Did our Teagues get fucking swindled or what
Wtf... I hate Ben Simmons now
Game over, thank god. We played well but KAT is playing record breaking basketball and there is not much that we can do about that.
Taurean is going to ruin it again with late game heroics
I can't find the game on Twitch does anyone have a link 
Is it bad that I'm watching the all American game over this right now?

Edit: update, Zion Williamson just dislocated his thumb
That's cuz he's in jail! Which is where the rest of u conspirators should be!!!
  
I just need to [follow the mail](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Co5MRAXVIAAeCbq.jpg)...
You'll never find our secret communications channel - I mean what secret communications channel? Blasphemy 
Zion Williamson seems too raw. Just give me RJ Barrett.
Tookie would be a quality backup pg for us, I hope we get him on the bayhawks at least. He's got the stroke and he's tough as nails
I swear if the fucking wolves choke against us after getting embarrassed by the fucking Grizzlies, I will be upset and unhappy
Y'all getting mad about this are fools. We are horrible and we ought to lose every game from here on out if we know what's good for us
Fuck Ben Simmons broken ass jumper fool learn how to shoot
Fuck the tank just smash these cunts like you did us.
Fuck Ben Simmons
It's going to happen. It just fucking is. 
I can't believe how bent this has some Atlanta fans...so yea, I agree..and it was funny (ATL is well, terrible this year)...these guys are the new generation of players, social media driven banter will be normal, I mean, they're streaming on twitch, 20 years ago they'd be at the club all night, now they stay home and game...Geez, how terrible.
The worst one happens to be one of their players. I feel like I’m the only one who doesn’t find Embiid funny at all, and thinks he’s annoying as hell
Now the Phillies are on the rebound so I’m bracing for that shithole fan base to come back out of the woodwork. 
26 at the half..I guess he's taking it seriously.
Wiz absolutely destroyed them. Lowry and Derozan have been shell shocked ever since.
Oh no I meant that as in the Steelers. I hate the fanbase with a passion 
I assumed you meant Steelers, but I had to stick up for the Buccos anyways. But yeah, I 100% agree with you on the Steelers being an annoying fan base 
Am I wrong to think we probably are seeing the end of his time here? I don’t think he’s tradable if he gets a felony obviously, but if we can void his contract, I think that might happen
I literally just got a dennis jersey for christmas too. 

Why did he have to fuck up some guys knee
my schroder jersey just lost some serious resell value
well fuck..
Eh I'll play devil's advocate. If it's a matter of him getting heated and shoving the guy, causing an awkward fall and torn knee ligaments, I can see it as a "mistake."

But yeah if they all jumped the guy and were wailing on him that's beyond a "mistake."
Apparently there is a video of it. Eventually it’ll probably come out and I’m betting it will be a very bad look for Dennis.
You're right, commonfolk are US Citizens who can't be deported for a crime.

Dennis is not a US Citizen, and can be deported and barred from entry for violent crime. 
I was hoping for a Phoenix comeback as well, but it really seem like they'll never win another game again this season.
Nuggets schedule is really tough. I think the Wolves should still make the playoffs.
Phoenix too, with all those Boston players out and if Booker plays there's a chance for an upset, no matter how small
15th pick may mean Collin Sexton. That's my wet dream boiiii (JJJ, Sexton, Bonga, Tillie)
Wow. I didn’t know about any of this. Crazy!
seriously, this is crazy! What fucking scumbags that did a drive-by for fucking Eurostepping past a guy. How much of a fucking ego do you have to have to try to kill someone for that???


Also I wasn't sure if I was being trolled by this video at first. The clips from movies and stuff makes it really weird. u/bball-biopic appreciate you for making this and sharing the story, but I think the clips from random things made it a bit weird for me. Personally I'd rather just see pictures of Delaney or something, it would make more sense
Nothing wrong here
This is the fakest news I’ve ever seen. The CGI is TERRIBLE
Well we're building for long term so a project wouldn't be bad since we're still gonna be tanking next year any way. also hawks uuniversity babyyy
But does he develop the charge taking ability of silyasova and he pump fake of Pero Antic?
Look, I know the goal here is to "sell" OP, but now you're just getting carried away. A pump fake like that only comes along once in a lifetime.
Make that $30. I’ll send you my PayPal after the game
Moose will hit 11 threes and 2 of them will be of the Dirk style awkward one legged fallaway variety
I couldn't watch the game. How dead is Dennis? 
ah so you went to a game at Phillips?
That’s how my husband and I felt at the Jazz game. Except after it was over I saw someone in a Julio Jones jersey and a guy with a Hawks hat yelled ATL at us!
There was a kid in hawks gear behind the home team casters, was that you?

Atlanta has such fair-weather fans in all sports. It's so frustrating. 

I think the only team we have with a committed fan base is Atlanta United FC. 

We out here fam. Rooting for our squads. 
I was at the Jazz game! In my Josh Smith jersey. Only saw 2 other daddy worshipers
Nah I was in the nose bleeds tickets are so expensive to warriors games
What's the protocol with 10 days? I feel like it's unfair to be the ones to give a guy a chance and then get swindled by some other team that didn't have to sacrifice a 10day
fuck ayton, dude got fucking bodied in the tourny
Welp won't be moving up the ping pong ball list today :(
I dunno what the clouds thing is from and at this point I'm afraid to ask
You see ass-eating I can get behind but I dunno about this clouds nonsense. Seems suspicious 🤔
Good for them! That crap is fucked up. 

Edit: Not sure why I censored myself by saying crap but then also said fucked. 
People protesting the two tanks battling inside. Might not have a game after all.
if we played 3 on 5 for the entire game we still couldn't out tank what Memphis did tonight. almost doubled up by the fucking hornets lmfao i know we talk a lot about hoping to lose n shit but jesus christ have some integrity and don't make it so blatantly obvious
Game cancelled?
Came here to see what you guys were thinking about the game... damn this sub is dead...
60 wins 2 years ago but yeah the Hawks have terrible luck.
Ah my bad

Pepperoni
Wow, I missed something.

I knew we hate Sacramento now but I didn’t realize they had changed their name too...
I know I getting a Joe Johnson "Iso Joe" custom but i don't want those ugly jerseys
Alright I'll bite. What's the point behind this shitpost?
Might be tough, she's a former employee who was bad at her job. 

Bad enough that her superiors brought her in for a "last chance" meeting. Bad enough to still suck after that meeting and get fired. Bad enough to blame her firing on racial discrimination and not accept it was her own incompetence.

That's a level of bad mere mortals can only dream of achieving.
Kirk Korver was only 27. Kyle will be burying his younger sibling; it's a grim time. 
I miss that man. Sorry for your loss Kyle
Twitter told me she was an evil white woman though and Bottoms was a queen
>a loss here for the Nuggets would be even more pathetic than their loss to the Grizzlies a few days ago.
Ah fuck. I can’t believe you’ve done this. 
Taurean and Schroeder might go crazy next season. Stay tuned.
Nasty hesitation move on Rubio...https://youtu.be/smc8L1FWlZA?t=1m40s
Jazz music is very commonly played by street performers but when its raining the street performers stay inside so no Jazz music
Wtf I hate the Jazz now
learn how to play some fucking basketball utah 
It's so ridiculous that a team, especially one that has been poor all season long like the Hawks, has to lose, what, 30 games in a row to get the worst record.
:(
I'm so sorry for your loss, but you helped us out Hawks pals.  In other news, Teague swindled the Clippers. 
Well we beat the spurs,timberwolves and jazz so we don't discriminate at least.
And I hate Dennis Schroder...

In all seriousness, you boys keep tanking, get yourself a sick draft pick and wreck havoc again. I loved the Millsap/Korver duo (who of course used to be Jazzmen)
This is bullshit propaganda.

He has gone for a layup when down by 3 MULTIPLE TIMES this season.

He even got a flagrant to put it in the bag for Utah.  They were just so bad and couldn't make any shots. Not Dennis' fault.
We probably weren't going to out tank the grizzlies or suns anyway. I bet we still finish at 3rd worst record 
fuck me
Jesus Christ WE NEED THAT FUCKING DRAFT PICK
Dennis fucked up the tank 😔
why are we trying so damn hard
Fuck this shit man. Wanna cry rn😭
What the &^%$^! :(
Unpopular opinion: I don’t think we should have won this game if we were trying to tank 
No way the jazz are actually this bad 
The jazz are terrible 
If he's averaging 4.5 points on 15 minutes a game, then maybe he'll score a robust 9 points tonight! 
Phoenix is embarrassingly bad. The Grizzlies have managed to blow a lot of close games but I feel like every time I look up the Suns are down 25 in the 2nd quarter
They hurt my Baptist :(
who the fuck is Antonius Cleveland 
50 point Taurean Prince game incoming.
Call us the ATLanta broken wings cause we fuckin hurt
I think he's a 4 long term that needs to be paired with a rim protector. JC will continue to develop his perimeter game.
No chance. Sorry, but during a game the bandwidth is minimal. Not very strong at all.
I fucking hate the grizzlies, man. I hope whoever they draft is a bust. They made Tyreke inactive 20 mins before the game started, against one of the few opponents they had a chance to beat. 
FUCK NO. I'd rather have Bagley
He dicked my team so hard
So would MPJ and Collins, I'm afraid.
Unfortunately we may be forced to use that pick on Killian Tillie aka Kill'Tillzad 
> forced

Oh the horror
The sun is cold
which fuck downvoted this
Seriously bro. Idk how Horford got dominated by TT who was a no name at the time and Cavs fans hate him now. We matched up way better with GS than Cleveland did. 
I agree with your second sentiment, but I dont think Ayton is a bad defender. He isn’t dominant, but still. What do you think of the blog overall if you don’t mind me asking ? Like what can I improve/ what not 
But could he score 38 on a cold night in stoke? 
Can’t lie, didn’t expect this jump. He’s been going HAM lately. Could become an All Star at this rate. 
i rate him 0/10 worst tank commander
Well FGM-12 isn’t that close to FGM-148 but it’s still too close for comfort in a game like this
Bad bot
Wtf Taurean
What happened to the game threads. We had a lot of people on the suns game.
Why you rooting for the Nets? How about some animal solidarity over here (not including the bears they're playing fuckin dirty)?
Nah I believe this is fake for tanking purposes
Yeah I went to that game too and they were handing out the cards at the exits. Redeemed mine yesterday 
Roasted like a mah fackin spring chicken erneh
holy fuck dude 
seriously can't believe we picked him up at 19. Other teams sleepin
Can somebody explain how Memphis is so bad. Their roster doesn’t look like the worst in the league. 
It's also luck, to an extent. Their point differential is only slightly worse than ours and 4th worst in the NBA
I don't actually mean it. That would be extremely risky for a team. 
Fuck
One of the few silver linings of the tank is seeing guys like him get an NBA shot and play their butts off. Have to root hard for those guys.
can they be anymore blatant about their tanking ffs
MEMPHIS BBQ SUCKS
i dont know whats goin on in here, but i fuck with clouds
I fucking hate it, I'm playing him in my fantasy playoffs 
The odds for the Hawks are relatively high because Charlotte is bad
Hopeful for a Dwight Howard revenge game where he drops 20/20
Of course, but they are bad, and bad teams will lose to other bad teams
I'm not talking about the Hawks. I'm talking about this evil sub. On the surface it's all jokes and memes. But if you go deeper there are horrible secrets propogated by the mods.
These sorry ass Grizzlies have lost 18 games in a row. Silver needa investigate these jackasses ASAP
I just want the lottery to be determined so we can move past the disappointment. 
Aw that sucks :( Now I know how early to go and what to look for to get autographs. It kills me thinking that Dennis might have been signing on the Hawks end of the tunnel when I wasn't watching.
Thank fucking god

Taurean, chill
Yeah it’s heaps annoying. I wish they sold them without the advertisement. I might just start buying retro jerseys tbh.
FUCK MY LIFE I ALWAYS MISS THESE THREADS 
not as bad as 21 savage 
I mean he was on XXL
I had been to a playoff game each of those 10 seasons.
Went to the game tonight for $12/seat using the Hawks pass. Ended up getting seats in section 110
That was so slick. Dorsey has game.
I hear Dennis ate some bad sauerkraut. Time to shut him down too
Fuck zaza
Prince saw my comment and decided "fuck it why can't I be Kawhi Leonard?"
I don't feel bad about dallas or memphis, since they're legitimately awful this year. But sacramento orlando and phoenix, they are all truly shameless. They've been tanking for years now 
Well I’m in atl so it’s not all bad I guess.
Kings have been trying and failing to be competitive over the years. Being bad does not equal tanking. 
Memphis is actually that bad though. Conley is out for the season and even in the games where Marc and Reke are playing they're absolutely fucking terrible
Not good that he’s hurt, but now that he went down in the game he should just take the rest of the season off. At least I’m hoping that was the plan and he’s actually not hurt.
damn i'm stupid
no lol
ill fight all yall irl
No offense, but fuck you

E: didn't think I needed the /s
I do, they all smell bad 
The team listed Dennis as questionable. I think he's earned himself a rest day. 
38 points from Prince is crazy
That poor Atlanta United jersey wearing guy being at the Hawks game instead of the United game ;-;
Sometimes I can't believe Miles Plumlee is a basketball player and he has 50 millon contract. Unfair life ..
Plumlee is a fucking genius man...
I’ll be at the game rooting for the hawks 
Goddamnit. Chose the worst time to not be able to miss. 
Are we not winning? Rolo and Holiday will legit play 10 mins.
At least theyll play, Schroeders out.
Thanks to them the fucking Cavs are about to pick ahead of us, screw 'em for being this bad for no reason.
And the player complety forgets and makes a wild three. Crazy!
I want him but his stock is going up and our pick is getting worse.
Yeah, even if we do somehow get the worst record in the league, knowing atlanta sports luck we will probably get 3rd or 4th pick.
Came here for memes 

Left here with tears :( 
That was so overlooked, we still would've lost to the Lebron's but with thabo he would've got under his skin at least
Miles Plumlee is the worst fucking player in the NBA. 
[Sorry Hawks, this is what gotta do to Schröder tonight](https://i.redd.it/a99t0rx8brk01.png)
>fucking with our tank

My bad
Grizzlies are terribly coached and have the morale and chemistry of a pile of bricks. We're terrible but we seem to have a great locker room.
Kevin Durant has a player option this year. If the Rockets beat the warriors and Kevin Durant opts out, I fully believe the hegemony is broken.
Doncic catches, puts up a three! Won't go, rebound Collins, back out to Tillie, his three-pointer. **Bang!** Tie game with five seconds remaining!
>Bang! Tie game with 46 minutes and five seconds remaining!


Fuck yes
Its gonna be really sad if they end up getting a divorce
nuggets lose, Mins pick 1 game safer.
After the devastating loss to the suns, this one was important to not completely fall off the rails
Here's a sneak peek of /r/AtlantaHox using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHox/top/?sort=top&t=all) of all time!

\#1: [This Sub](http://m.imgur.com/TyzaIOK) | [4 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHox/comments/5pg4uq/this_sub/)  
\#2: [\[Next day thread\] Serious post game discussion 2.4.2017](https://np.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHox/comments/5s67mv/next_day_thread_serious_post_game_discussion/)  
\#3: [FUCKING CICADAS](https://np.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHox/comments/5w8286/fucking_cicadas/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/7o7jnj/blacklist/)
Is it bad I don't even know who J.Morris is?
FUCK KYLE LOWRY
>Kings -- Atlanta Thomas Jeffersons

My fucking sides
not sure what Hawks you’re referring to. ever heard of the Atlanta Dyson Spheres?
You know what, I think now (for no reason) that Doncic is actually bad and he shouldn't get drafted until like 5-7th 
False
Fax. Porter's eyebrows are weird
So this is what disappointment feels like, it's been so long
Fuck this mediocre franchise
Fellow cloud bros, how do we get over this devastating development?
I am not mad or disappointed, I am just sad and depressed...
Fuck, we won

Still get fucked when they try to lose

Yup.
I have a bad feeling about this one...
Game 7 NBA Finals intensity out here
I fuck with IT even harder now backing up TP like that 
Holy fuck that was one hell of a shot
Jesus fucking Christ man
Schröder and Collins have been playing a lot of minutes lately, I think they need some rest. Why not give them the game off?
I mean whatever but I just think these draft threads get terribly boring and negative if everyone just lists their own favourite prospect every thread without discussion.
i said if i were the hawks i would do whatever i can. i didn’t say it was gonna happen, i was just saying that if there is any draft to try and make a move like that, it is definitely this one. i don’t understand why you have to question someone’s intelligence and call the idea stupid when 1) you don’t know anything about my intelligence and 2) i’m literally just sharing my opinion and asking what you guys think 
I'm taking this to represent a feeling of relief that we lost the game, I hope that was the intent of this post otherwise you may have some explaining to do 
THE

MEME

IS

DEAD

GET OVER IT!
Fuck that undefeated meme gets me irritated 
At least we know Zaza won’t dive on any of our players . He loves Atlanta 
Sorry u can’t understand my minimalistic genius pal
I know it's been said a thousand times, but Steph Curry might be the worst contract in the history of the league. How he makes as much as he does when he's such a liability is beyond me.
I'm still mad Jeff Teague didn't bring the house down with a dunk to end that game and decided to dribble it out
That's what happens when:

* Horford is snek
* Teague is swindled
* Dwight is an unhappy pair of shoulders 
marketing for an architecture firm!
our shitpost battle will last for eternity. 

or until i get drunk one time, pull a thrashfan and try to destroy the sub and then also get banned. 
You mean /u/widesheep
Shit I mean, uh...doing non-suspicious stuff. Yeah, I majored in being 'not suspicious".
We're still gonna be awful next year even if we get the #1 pick, giving our '19 pick away without at least top 10 protection would be insane. 
Really sucks seeing the Hawks decline like this. Sad!
all these other teams are also not going on 20 game losing streaks. 
That was weird af
this phone's battery is at 15% and needs charging!

---

 ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^use ^^OCR ^^to ^^detect ^^battery ^^levels. ^^Sometimes ^^I ^^make ^^mistakes. ^^sorry. [^^info](https://np.reddit.com/r/phonebatterylevelbot)
wtf are we doing
I miss watching Millsap on defense... Dude was an idiot savant when it came to that end of the floor
Cawk is slang for penis??? or u mean like Cawk sounding like COCK??? 
just got home and saw it, I'm disappointed. Is this all I get for being r/AtlantaHawks's official nephew for 12 years (since I was born) smh
look, adding text to flairs is all screwed up in our css and im too dumb to fix it so it is what it is 
I thought this was the serious competitive vaping subreddit?
Don't you mean hookah bar?
Laker fans in Atlanta are the WORST
At least we know Prince isn't afraid to shoot the 3 Ball
Second worst moment of the year next to when the Knicks fans tried to stage a coup against the home crowd.
And the day gets a little cloudier in Atlanta :(
This one hurts :(
They didn't have the end of the bench guy who could match.  The front office isn't too dumb to try to trade these guys for anything.  They didn't cut them until after the trade deadline because they were trying to make a deal.  
You know what lakes need to form? Clouds. Clouds have rain. Fuck the Lakers. 
Laker fan checking in here. I applaud your tank and can fully get behind blocking the Suns tank with them clouds. Anything to keep Ayton out of the West. 

P.S. : [Z-O GET OFF GET OFF AYE, WOAH, YEH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJkGiwvZsMA)
Never seem lonzo play. Holy shit what a weird shot
oh fuck i forgot he's a laker now
So maybe not a great sign. 
All-star caliber?!?!?! ahhahahahahahahah


you mean MVP caliber
Just altostratus me the fuck up, fam
Weather's grim ~~up north~~ down south 🌤️⛅🌥️☁️
Unlike Okafor, Ayton has the ability to stretch his game to the three point line
Trey over ayton is insane 
The Anderson's got tickets to the game
First thing I did was check the West standings....hoping Minnesota doesn’t drop out of the playoffs while hoping they drop to the 8th spot...but still feel bad for Butler.
I'm not happy. I'm sad but I just wanted to post. 
Came to watch Andrew White III. Left disappointed
10/7 game incoming boys! 
I know we're wearing the throwback on the 2/28 game.


:(
God dammit. I thought I could come here to escape the news about Kawhi. Fuck all of you.
Hawks should pick him up for the season. Even tho he can’t play at least he’ll get a ring.  
Wtf I'm with Jeb! now. 
Sadly I don't think there's a realistic way J³ falls to the teens barring Injury.

That front court duo with Collins would legitimately be disgusting tho, if he falls into the 6-10 range and we already drafted Luka it's hard to say that I would be completely against trading someone besides JC to make that happen
Not better than Killian Tillie.
Yes.. it would be tough to grab him but i’m hoping his stocks falls a little bit. Prayers up 
^^^^^^^^^culture ^^^^^^^^^2 ^^^^^^^^^was ^^^^^^^^^bad
if i ever get a credit card ill let ya know
> Ivan Johnson also had crazy dunks and look at him now


I'm sorry, what are you saying?
Fucking nasty bud
What the fuck
oh he's a real dirty bad boy
Collins was throwing down so hard it would start shaking in fear before the dunk.

> but he's a backup everywhere else. 

hard disagree.
Get this guy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpnB63lNovc
Get rid of bad contracts (Bazemore and Plumlee) 
Sign some above average players with all our money we're sitting on.
wtf is that thumbnail my god u guys
And prince looks lost outside bud unniversity :(
It's hard being a Hawks fan all the way in the Carribean.
Bless your heart, that’s terrible 
Not that there's anything wrong with that
marketing, which is bad enough but i also specialized in arts and culture management just to make it harder for myself
Film for me! Except I didn't even go to a film school. Went to community college for only two years so I basically fucked myself. But it's like a drug I have to have...


You shoulda specialized in shitpost management instead
Marvin Bagleys game is outdated


His college statistics highly inflated


No rim protection no shooting


So please stop the recruiting


Unless you want to get jebaited


Credit goes to u/3pol
No box score for post game threads? SMH
He’s like a poor mans cj mccollum imo.
But not as dumb
Schlenk saw Doncic live and decided stopped fucking around
We're going to compete so hard
Oh that's my bad, when I looked at their schedule Feb 1 came up first down the list.
Fake news!
Wait is this kid's meme status reinstated? I've been seeing him around again a lot lately, I thought he was a dead meme.
I’m not sure. I’m always late to the meme party. 
Marvin Bagleys game is outdated 

His college statistics highly inflated

No rim protection no shooting

So please stop the recruiting

Unless you want to get jebaited
I too base all my NBA management decisions off of how wet my teams jumpers look in 2K
 >Wet ass jumper

Does he at least wipe?
a haiku is 5/7/5 tho and this is 5/7/4 so it's wrong
Obviously a Celtics fan who was in the wrong stadium
I mean the Kings had Boogie until last year and were a consistently top 10 worst team. Hell, even the the KLove Timberwolves were a top 10 worst team for about 3 years.
Ah fucking Blake with that last second three, 115-118, my bad. 
fucking dedmon
I have a signed game worn Snek Jersey. Don’t tell anyone I still wear it
MPJ or Ayton. Anyone else id be pretty disappointed 
If Doncic is off the board I'd at least consider taking him. 
That is so difficult to say.
I'm sorry, but our ice cream machine is broken.
you merely adopted the meme, [I](https://i.imgur.com/PZLlo8m.jpg) was born undefeated, molded by it, i didnt see a loss until i was already a man, by then it was nothing to me
Does that mean a trebuchet could throw the heaviest wolf ever over 300 meters? 
oof sorry m80
Are you though? Or do you like feeling like a dirty karma whore? 😐
I'm a dirty karma whore 💦💦💦😩😩
can he even shoot three's? I'm not able to any hawks games because I don't get fOX SPORTS SOUTH FROM MY TV PROVIDER....BUT I CAN WATCH THE FUCKIN BULL'S NO PROBLEM...BS IF YOU ASK ME
Belli belli :(
I am both sad and disappointed and sad and fatherless now
Secret agent Korver has been fully assimilated by Cleveland.  Abort mission.
This will probably be the cheapest Cavs game of the year.
Goin too hard in the paint!
"That was a disgusting act!" -Joe Buck
What the literal fuck man
I'm not understanding. Why in the fucking world did we just give up a second round pick for Sheldon Mac. 
Teams were eager to shed bad contracts. The problem is we can't commit to bad contracts now. If the cap space crunch is coming the value of swallowing bad contracts will go up.
Teams are still thinking they can get out of their bad situation for nothing.
Cap space could be more valuable in the future than the assets we would have got for trading our players and swallowing bad contracts along the way.
fucking stupid Schlenk
goddam this is so sad
I can get behind tits
Per Chris Miller: [Wizards trade Sheldon Mac to Atlanta for a protected second round pick. This moves frees up a roster spot and cash (for Washington)](https://twitter.com/cmillsnbcs/status/961691025986260992)

Per Michael Cunningham: [Hawks also plan to waive Mac after acquiring him from Wiz, leaving roster at 14. ATL sent heavily-protected 2nd rd pick and cash to WAS.](https://twitter.com/MCunninghamAJC/status/961694110687121409)
Nique wasn't fucking up Shelvin Mack's name all those years, he was just a prophet of what was to come
We get worse for the tank
We got a guy with a broken foot...
Couldn't move just one of Ersan, Marco, or Dewayne? Really lame.
At least start playing John Collins 30 minutes a game.
what the fuck travis >:(
:(
bad bot don't sass me 
Are you counting secret agent Korver? 
Wait you have heard about buying about Dedmon which I've read nothing about but you missed us literally leaving Belli home for tonights game because we're trying to trade him?
Per Michael Cunningham: [Hawks plan to waive Okaro White after acquiring him from Heat in trade for Luke Babbitt.
](https://twitter.com/MCunninghamAJC/status/961682009960730624)
Why do we keep trading away players for worse talent and at least not getting picks out of it? We did this with Dwight too. Like I get that it helps the tank but still 
who the fuck is that either way
White has some potential and just a favour to Luke instead of imprisoning Babbitt on the bench on an awful team
it's not even the same one either :'(
No good. We'd lose all our depth.
Every team loses in this trade. What a deal.
Only an idiot would take Giannis over Plumlee 
Know that Indiana swindled our Teagues illegally and should be booed mercilessly. Other than that just enjoy the game, although we'd appreciate if you ran onto the court if the game was close and a Hawk was about to score.
Being a guest in your city I hereby promise to boo the Pacers mercilessly.
I mean... Well played Grizzlies! This team would lose to European teams. I feel sorry for Gasol though.
oh no my poor thread :(

but seriously were we supposed to win this game
I don't think anyone bites on Dedmon or Plumlee because of their contracts. Hopefully (sadly) Baze will get picked up.
If someone gets injured or we need an excuse to blow a lead we could always play him a little. Or just use him  to fill out garbage time. 

We waive him as soon as we need a roster spot or he starts to be bad for the locker room. 
Collins you bad bad man. 
Grizzlies are outtanking us. pathetic
Plumlee is pathetic
Maybe I read his stat line wrong, but I think he is averaging 15 ppg, 10 apg and 2 spg in the GLeague
Kinda weird they got no all-stars though, was hoping to see mini bud in there
Look I’ll give anyone any player for a bag of chips if it makes the team worse 
We can give you Jerryd Bayless. He's worse than a bag of chips because you can atleast eat the chips.
yeah amazon is bad as hell
Nah fuck that
if you wanna make a comeback i can start randomly assigning it to people
No that’s a horrible trade for us, this team is building around prince Collins and Dennis as the core. Trading prince for a 24th pick just isn’t worth it. The east is so bad right now even if lebron left this off-season they still could make it to the playoffs. If we are trading prince it has to be for a lottery pick. 
I've seen it pointed out a few times that we're a bit past the length of an NCAA season in terms of games. So if rookies from college were conditioned to play under that schedule, this is about the "end of the season" for them.
What? Bazemore's horrible contract is evolving!
I know so I don't see why it should be downvoted, it's been happening a bunch lately and unless the comments are like mean or really unnecessary I don't see why.
SECRET AGENT TIMMY ACTIVATED
*CAW FUCKING CAW*
You can’t convince me THJ didn’t throw this game 
That was a weird mix of actual NBA action and terrible bloopers. THJ still a hawk in his heart. 

gg
What a crazy fourth quarter
Ersan being out might mean Schlenky has been up to something already
If you only see Bud at the games don't forget he suffers from resting "WTF REFS?!" Face. He's really not as stressed as he looks.

like 12 bucks at least
Dantanna's in the CNN Center before the game for food.
Uber/Lyft to game, walk to Park Bar after the game and have a drink, get a ride back from there.
We'll also have the cap space to sign them both, and not sure if two years if firsts classifies as "all" our firsts.
I knew our defense was bad but...
fuck snek
Three little words: "Fuck the Celtics"
you shut your dirty mouth.

edit: sry but Dennis is my bby dont trade him
They regretted not inviting Nique his rookie year too. Idiots. 
it's all a vapid whirlpool of nothing my man
TL;DR- 

Fuck the Celtics

Fuck the Snek

The Earth is round

Marcus Morris eats ass 
And FUCK Greg Monroe 
im gonna spam this on /r/nba when someone hits me with that annoying shit again
Yeah fuck that cultural appropriation after shitting on this sub for being mad at Delly diving at Kyle's knees. Culture vultures 
Fake news
[didn't read it but checked this so bad article](https://i.imgur.com/iXaz1EP.png)
Why do we hate dwight we dicked him over

Nothing he can say will be worse than sending him to the Hornets
>was such a poor teammate the locker room reportedly cheered at the announcement of his trade. He dicked us a little

Alright well this has been denied by practically every hawk and they also voted him teammate of the year and were all like joking around with him before the game yesterday
I hated on bazemore a lot last year, he has proved me wrong this season. But how about that John Collins dunk?
Sick
That's a sick dunk bro!
I like how the video description inexplicably mentions by name every team in the NBA.
yes i am youu imbecile. you fucking moron"
I’ll take it, unless game is tonight then I can’t make t.
That fucking yam
Jeeze that team makes some bad decisions in FA
There’s no way we dump a bad contract and get an asset in return. If we want to get rid of Plumlee, we’ll have to give up one of our picks. 
No way! Two one year deals to get you off of an awful awful contract? They are the ones who benefit more from this I’d say. They get spacing now to help make the playoffs, and money next year to help bring Boogie back with the actual help from the wings 
My bad fam. I want their pick.
He didn't do us wrong, I have no qualms with shoulder dad
No cheer, no boo, just awkward silence.
How is this a question? He did nothing wrong, said nothing bad. 
Duh, we ALL already knew this.
I would like to hire you to help me with my investigation into the infamous Hawkspiracy of 2017
wtf tillian killie yourself
I am not enjoying this
They have one less game played then us so we're practically tied.
Which is weird since we’re undefeated... 🤨
That was awesome...they should do this every game.
Secret agent Jeffrey Teague seems to be a year late with his sabotagery, doesn't he know we're R E T O O L I N G 
Secret agent Teague tho 👀
Is Teague secretly still playing for the hawks? 
wtf
Didn't do bad. 3/3 and 6 rebounds 
That block right there was nasty by Baze

Schroeder has been ass cheeks lately. 
The ticket "convenience" fees are insane though
fuck it, trade the pick for Jeff Teague again and call it a day
What does BLOB and SLOB mean?
That was some non competitive really hard to watch bullshit. Might be the worst defense I have ever seen us play.  Bud must be tearing his fucking hair out. 

P.s. Trae young won't save us. 
You spelled Ayton wrong 
I disagree. It is all contingent on who they draft. They may draft a stinker, it really is impossible to know. I'm really not sure if anyone on the Hawks right now is a core piece for a championship team.
I have no issues with IT and hope he gets back on track. No reason to even be salty since we gave the Celtics the business while he was there. I'd rather double up the hate on Delly. 
Him being picked over Andre Drummond is ridiculous though.

Horford averages 13.4 points, 7.9 boards, 5.2 assists. Drummond averages 14.6 pts, 15.2 boards, 3.8 assists.
Give me Trae Young over Bagley but I wouldn't be mad if we drafted Bagley #5
YAHHH GORTAT TAKE THAT YA UGLY BOI
Hey as long as he can do that in a game, he’s a lob machine
No more "got emmm"? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
What do you mean no?
I still like him :/
Man I hate to think about him now with how far he's fallen, rip mook
Does this mean we’re no longer undefeated
yes meme is officially dead please spread the word on /r/nba since i'm getting real sick of it.
Guy who wrote this article is an idiot. 
Doesn't he do this every game?
It was the least silver could do after snubbing miles plumlee from the all-star game
hell ye plumdog forever. 

also memes aside i hate watching plumlee so much he's fucking so bad and it physically hurts me. 
FUCK NO. DONCIC 
I read the title and thought it was stupid but it’s possible to get him. The question is if we should get him. What do you guys think?
Finally we agree on something. Stay away from Aldridge you bastards already took Deadman and Belly and turned them into chicken noodle soup 
Oh that poor man...
Deal him. Guy sucks
“Hawks” “Fuck” “Shit”

Yep this checks out.
My worst comment is me telling people to stop taking beer pong too seriously 
My worst comment is when I said G to disrupt a chain of f’s
yeah but you put like effort and research in your posts so that's not fair. 
That's very sad to hear. Gone too soon. :( Thanks for that info
We're gonna fuck around and end up with the 4th pick. Fuck.
Tyler Dorsey had to TURN ME THE FUCK UP
why is this sub so fucking dead:(
Schlenk to Bud: "Sorry, Bud, but we're bringing in the closer."

*Camera pans to a smiling Jason Kidd. Coach Bud shows his patented Bud face.*
Finish with worst record you are guaranteed top 4 pick.

Finish with 4th worst record its under 50% chance of having a top 4 pick.
Weird, you'd think they'd want a guy who was known for his shooting
I feel like im taking crazy pills ayton seems to be a distant 3rd or 4th in preference in this subreddit yet almost everyone else has him at #1 and as you said its not even close
I mean it is close seeing as a lot of mocks have Doncic at 1. You can acknowledge both are amazing and still have a preference. It doesn't have to be TERRIBLE SLOW EURO BUST or BIG MAN THAT DOESNT HAVE A FEEL FOR THE GAME BUST
:(
He takes his threes from the NBA line or farther at least half the time 
It's not that I'm afraid of the injury. I don't like the fact that there's no tape on him playing against college players
Might go to this game. I’ve been wanting to check out Donovan “Donovan Mitchell”Mitchell. 
omg plumlee why are you taking running hook shots just set picks and pass the ball when you get it you big useless moron
Seriously? Damn. 
This was not about a 7'0" man named Deanrde Ayton and for that reason you are wrong sir 
If we draft him over Ayton we will be regretting it for the next decade or so. There isn't a wrong pick for first in this draft, but Ayton is a generational talent who's physique is absolutely insane for a 7 footer. You can't teach that.

Oh, and also, there's no guarantee we will get first in the draft and knowing atlanta's sports luck we will probably get the worst pick we can possibly get.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cnxSx0p85M&t=6s  Luka destroying some defensive players!
Sorry but I like the unis
I like the colors, but I'm not a huge fan of the triangles.
That wasn't the one game when we played Cleveland in the ECF. That was on Dominique night a few months prior when we won by like 10
Not a Hawks fan, was just visiting this sub and wanted to say that Instagram link of John Collins is wrong.
I fuck with these the long way
Hope I wasn’t late posting this game thread
is miles plumlee the worst starter in the nba? my sources say yes
hooOOO BAby this is getting hard to watch 😂 😂 😂 👌 👌 👌 💯 💯 💯 
Hawks. Fuck. Ducks. 
a little late but all 12 of us forgive you
We have a small fanbase already and being a terrible team doesn't exacly garner much interest in the games.
Is it really that bad? You get Belinelli this year without giving up any picks, you get 3 million in cap space 2019, and you sacrifice 3 million in cap space 2020. 
Belinelli is not good at basketball either my friend
He's extremely bad
Hang out after the show. OME hangs out around the venue and if you know the secret word he'll teach you the handshake
ya but they are both known for tanking =(
Hawks are to Tanks as Falcons are to chokes. :- (
Who’s behind Ersan?
The "I can't believe people want to trade Dennis" people need to appreciate just how awful he is on defense.
Because minutes. Bembry's OBPM (which feeds into TPA) is fucking awful (-7.2). Prince's isn't nearly as bad (-1.7), but he's played a lot more minutes.
Why can’t Collins play the 4? Does every power forward in this league have to be a stretch 4? What would be wrong with Ayton at Center and JC at the 4?
Doing home work sorry. Didn’t proofread. 
First time I've ever seen the upper decks at Phillips Arena completely empty. Also, they're stingy af with the concessions. Ordered the chicken finger basket to find out it only comes with two chicken fingers? wtf?
Y’all need to get Trae Young. Y’all have too much talent to be the worst team anyway. What’s going on?
Crazy how people thought we were tanking this year.
If only I saw this earlier. :(
:( 
Game. Blouses 
It's a fucking 3 point game with hox ball get hype gentlemen
Wtf I wake up we up by one with two seconds left what is this 
Nahhh not TP. The nets aren’t bad enough
Hope you mean suck less
Yeah we were obviously going to be a bad team so these details are heavily negotiated otherwise why would Ersan and Dedmon want to sign with us instead of playoff teams?
I too sir hate every Boston sports team. But where is this coming from I didn’t even mention them once in this post. Elighten me 
I don’t get know korver could fuck himself, but I would pay to watch.
automod is being weird but here's some advice it should've given you:

Looking for ticket buying advice? Check out our [Ticket Buying Guide
](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/wiki/tickets)
Remember when buying tickets to please practice caution and use the proper channels (StubHub, TM, etc.). We at r/AtlantaHawks don't want you to get scammed! If you believe this to be a scam or spam please report it or message the moderators with the link below.

How'd they get tickets to the game!?
That mere fact that you call it pop pop tells me you’re not ready. 
That was a painfully awkward interview 
What a terrible call
I wouldn’t do anything to make the ~~Gestapo~~ mods mad.
"Awful" image... 
Well, there are plenty of close games that could have gone south if it wasn't for Plumlee's and Babbitt's stupidi.... I mean talent. 
I don’t think Ersan goes but then again I might be wrong
What does two way contract mean? Like will he play hawks game anytime soon?
fuck em all
ey fuck u
I have a sneaky suspicion that he’ll be a bust. I just get a bad feeling that he’s like Jimmer in a way. But im worried that Travis will draft him because of the Curry comparisons.
Not op, but from literally one game highlights I saw from him, he forces it like crazy 
Reposting buds explanation: 

>In the post game presser bud said the play was designed as an option for Dennis to either take it to the hole and then we foul them with time left or sling it to muscala in the corner.

> The problem came when moose drew the extra defender and the ref was trying to figure out which bar in Buckhead he was gonna go to after the game and called a panic traveling foul after he realized the game was still going on
They are desperate because they know they are so far behind us
Why you mad tho? #celticsnation 
9 COMMENTS IN AN HOUR IN YOUR POST GAME THREAD AND YOU COME HERE LMFAO
I mean I just like bread
As a fellow Collins fantasy owner and believer, this is maddening to see. The guy is an up and coming player and hes getting dicked around. Plumlee? Muscala? Getting minutes over this guy is laughable. Hawks fans how are you not up in arms over this? I might make a trip down to the ATL to go yell in coach Buds ear to play this fool. Get it together Hawks. You done messed up.
Out of necessity too. Schroder behind Teague and prince behind sefolosha/baze.
What does my fantasy team have to do with this? Did I make any fantasy comment? C'mon, seriously? I think the process works with Markkanen as well for example that gets heavy mins in a tanking team. Anyway I don't see any point continuing this debate, you are some hardcore fan or something so you don't take no for an answer.
In the post game presser bud said the play was designed as an option for Dennis to either take it to the hole and then we foul them with time left or sling it to muscala in the corner.

 The problem came when moose drew the extra defender and the ref was trying to figure out which bar in Buckhead he was gonna go to after the game and called a panic traveling foul after he realized the game was still going on
Kudos to the Hawks for not giving up. They always play teams tough. There is no quitting in these guys.
I just wanna see John get 30 mins and thrive :/
Accusing nique of going for 3s? That’s almost as bad as overpassing
Damn:(
He's averaging a whopping 2.2 fewer minutes per game [after the injury (20.9)](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/c/collijo01/gamelog/2018/#22-35-sum:pgl_basic) than [before (23.1)](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/c/collijo01/gamelog/2018/#1-21-sum:pgl_basic), not including tonight's game. Hardly what I would call 'suddenly not playing anymore'.
FUCK NO. Tristan Thompson must’ve had the cavs office at gun point for that contract. We already have d money and bumlee 
Yeah i mean he doesn't pass or rebound or run the point at all and is terrible at all of those amirite? 

Once again, do more research before coming on here and spouting ignorance
 Well I'm hard.
I need you guys to step up your shitposting game cause damn I've had to remove a lot of low-effort stuff this week it's unbelievable. 
They had similar issues with Simmons and Embiid and they are now stars. Fultz must be still expensive for any team to get, really expensive.
Damn late 20s isnt what I was hoping for. Was hoping for two lottery picks. 
Uhhh if you mean replace Bud with Kidd that's the worst take I've ever heard.
I mean, at least we didn't blow a 3-1 lead in the Finals
You say that like it's a bad thing
Poor Brad Tho...LOHAWKS 😢
I heard that the Andersons got tickets to the game at NBAtickets.com
“Your Dad’s a genius.
Honey, grab the keys...we’re going to the game.”

A little bit less!  These were $144 whereas the one from yesterday in 119 was $166!

What time would you recommend getting there for?
Bumlee is past the point of saving already unfortunately
Doncic is like 6'8 so and his biggest downside is his speed and athleticism, he'd be worse at defending PG's than Dennis is. He might be an SF in the NBA but you could do a Ben Simmons style Point Forward thing with him I guess.
Look at that +/- splits of Schroeder. Definition of a fucking leader.
he's hard to sell after not playing for 2 months
Bed game HYPE
TIE GAME HOX

EDIT: HOX LEAD WITH 8:30 IN THE 4TH!
So frustrating!
In the past month he's got
Dec 14 20 min
Dec 15 24 min
Dec 22 27min
Dec 23 20min
Dec 29 21min
Dec30 25min
Malcom Delaney is balling out wtf
We aren't tanking, we just bad.
This thread is very sad
I still vaguely like Lonzo, but fuck Lonzo.
Is it serious?
Maybe when he retires.. As of now, he's no man, he filthy snek
Damn this fan base really is petty asf
The scheduling for this west coast trip seems pretty unfair. Playing tonight in Portland and then having an NFL playoff game tomorrow. I don't see the Cavs having to deal with this.
10 o'clock game fuckin hell
32% field goal percentage is honestly pathetic.
Fuck dude, it made me feel terrible how sad bud looked. You can tell this retooling process is killing him  man
I shoot photos for high school sports, and yesterday I had to do a 9th grade girls game. They scored 2 points by halftime. On free throws. On 2/4 shooting.

You think the hawks are bad? You haven't seen bad
Sorry homies I was talking about Dennis ✌🏻
where the fuck this meme come from
You're disappointed we lost? Why?
Naw.  Let the kid rest a bit this year.  He's a rook and has a long career ahead of him.  Let him ball with 30 mins a game when the Hawks are in contention.
The tank commander should be playing 48 minutes a game
HOLY SHIT FUCK YES
This is going to go down as the game of the century.
The way we are playing no one is going to want to play for us. I'm starting to follow other sports now because the Lakers are depressing the hell out of me. 
You may have meant u/koorob instead of U/koorob.
 
 ---------------------------------------
 
^^^Remember, *^^OP ^^^may ^^^have ^^ninja-edited.* ^^I ^^correct ^^subreddit ^^^and ^^user ^^links ^^with ^^^a ^^capital ^^R ^^^or ^^U, ^^^which ^^are ^^^usually ^^unusable. 
 
 ^^**-Srikar**
Unfortunately, it looks like the Braves will be done with their retooling while remaining competitive before the Hawks.
Not Doncic. He's too slow, and unathletic. Dude will get exposed in the NBA.

https://twitter.com/ChrisSchmidt27/status/930832287050190849
The Mavs win was terrible. Gonna look really bad come lottery time. I don't think we finish the season with the worst record. I see us finishing 3rd unless we get trash Bazemore back or we just chuck every game. Bud is coaching way too well. We need to send him on a lonh vacation so we can have him come playoff time.
His midrange game is hnnnnnngg
I absolutely agree 100%. The people who want Trae Young over this man are insane. 
I'd say he just hit free agency at the right time, but even with that crazy summer's rush, that contract was outrageous.
Bud's sekrit strategy to play six guys at the same time didn't work sadly.
I want him so bad but I don't see anyway that we would take him
Do NOT pick fucking Doncic over this man
Fuck no
I’m sorry I’m not 106.
Fuck maybe
Picking Doncic ahead of Trae Young would be fucking retarded
Do you do anything but go to boards hating on Doncic? Did he fuck your sister or what?
fuck
I’m so confused by this exchange can you provide footnotes?
Did Bud say "fuck you" to a ref there at the end?
Bembry is awful and I have no idea why everyone talks him up

I have literally never seen him not suck
He’s very, very bad offensively.
He said "Why would you watch the Hawks" and usually I'd be salty but quite frankly I can't blame him.
I ask myself this three times every game this season
How the fuck are these fouls not getting called 
Illy wtf was that?
jurassic stupid chickens vs supercool birds of prey
I mean I can just mod-abuse and remove it
Mods are slowly turning into Thrash
It’s weird that’s there’s only been 6 triple doubles in EuroLeague since 1991. What’s the deal?
Not sure why this is here. 
That explains why wall had terrible stats! 
Boooo that’s a bad idea
I have comcast xfinity and told my remote to find atlanta hawks game and it said it couldn't find it and instead recommended the Dr. Oz show
Fuck the Wizards
I am undefeated all time going to hawks game and I was there tonight... 
Stop going to games


Conversely, go to every single game
Didn't do a whole lot of flexing and talkin' shit this game. weird.
> Once he’s a lock down defender

What reason do we have to think that will ever happen? He's one of the worst defenders in the league, and his trajectory is downward. 
I miss the old Steve Smith uniforms, those are my all time favorites. I personally hate the new uniforms that the Hawks have. Neon sucks in my opinion.

https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a0/3c/b0/a03cb0eac358212e75e2ec171ea30fe7.jpg
Meh. Jealous of teams like the Nuggets, Bucks, Warriors, Philly, King’s, and Heat; but at least ours aren’t as cringy as the the Jazz, Spurs, or OKC.
The Spurs camo one is pretty awful to. I get them wanting to honor the military but it just looks bad. 
Game thread? At 5AM? 
Yeah wtf is a panther
I'm all for the clever game threads but in the future please add the actual team names + tip off time to the end of the post title! 

(so: (Game thread) Your Atlanta birds take on a team with a concept that we have yet to conceive of on this planet. Hawks - Wizards 7:30PM ET)
Fucking Steve.
Not your fault man, don't put it on yourself. Steve sounds like a cunt, and you should be lucky your mom and him separated before he got violent with her or you or anyone else.
That sounds fanastic.  Do they do any board sports there I hear some of the things they do down there in water can be pretty terrifying.
Not many surfers, but we do have divers. Though diving has decreased a bit, due to a couple of divers almost drowning.
alright so how do we get him to go to every game.
The one game we needed to lose. 
I hate rooting for us to lose but damn...
I'd honestly be disappointed if he doesn't get it
It'll be tough but it's still doable 
This Steve Kyler guy sounds like a real moron
Tank vs Tank, I mean Retooling While Remaining Competitive vs Tank.
I missed the game. What were the bad calls?
Is it bad i want to keep BeliBoy now?
Really bad call late in the game on Bazemore when Melo went up for a jumper, a lot of missed push offs on Russ and Steven Adams 
Pucks

(Cause those dirty northerners should stick to puckfucking)
Tragic
Sorry but where the fuck is the Cavanaugh flair? I've only come here to do two things: give upvotes and hype up #34. And I'm almost running out of upvotes. 
If you make it Ill add it to the sub
(if you cant dont worry ill do it this weekend im just lazy)
Imagine thinking the hawks are 7-24. That’s just the B.S. the lame stream media feeds you
7-24 FAKE NEWS.

You know it, I know it, everybody knows it!
Smelo

Small George 

Sussell Westbrook
This game thread is so ded
wtf Aaron Gordon is 22?  That dunk contest feels like it was 6 years ago.
I would but I'm on mobile and dumb
Sorry mate, was taking care of the fam today.

You know who else has a low arch shot?

Kyle fucking Korver.
Seriously though why can't I hold all these plums?!
Wtf!! http://www.goerie.com/sports/20161214/magic-purchase-bayhawks-leaving-erie-without-d-league-team-next-season
WRONG DECIMAL U EURO REEEEE
As soon as I hit submit I realized and knew I would get shit for that but didn't wanna bother to edit it anymore. Gonna start doing Game start times in these threads in GMT+1 from now on as well.
You can always “caw caw” during the game
Uh do you mean 2-0
I spend like six hours turning this in to a christmas sub so it's staying that for at least 2 years now.
I'm not stopping ya, but we have Game Threads
I get shocked every time he dunks 
I’m on mobile and I’m at work so I can’t see it.   
  
:( wanna reply with a screenshot?
What is his average chirps per game?
Could you fucking not?
Yeah what the fuck
But we have Schlenk now, and IMO he has not made a bad move yet.  Or should we have kept Timmy for the 70mil and gone for the 9th seed this year?
[In the words of the infamous Thrashfan whom I just ran into on the front page](https://imgur.com/a/6IYaM)
[In the words of the infamous Thrashfan whom I just ran into on the front page](https://imgur.com/a/6IYaM)
I'm a Grizzlies fan, and I agree that the refs were shocking.
Plumlee is so bad.. like worse than Splitter (during his tenure here) bad. I have no idea why this clown gets PT over Cavanaugh
Well that is frustrating.
DENNIS PULL UP THERE BOIIIII FUCK
I didn’t look at the stats, but just watching the game it looked like pistons got rebounds, and our shooting was a struggle.

Also, how tf do I get flair? I’ve never figured that out.
These are ugly as fuck
POR, ATL, SAC, ORL are sick
looks like bembry has a case of bazeitis. he's gotta tighten up that handle and slow down. he's forcing himself into bad situations
Uh, how can we go 22-60 if we're already 27-0? 538 is fake news.
Half a game up on the Bulls now.
SOME sports team? well fuck you too mate.
I mean no offense!
I'd agree the humour has been kinda lackluster lately.
At least he got the short shorts game down
Fun fact about this game: [Dennis Schroder > LeBron James](https://streamable.com/9garo)
fuck these refs
... Hawks will compete but ... the fourth, due to a  lack of any playmakers.   The worst skill on display with this team is -  passing. 

Now,  I don't know if the piss-poor passing is a result of not having any team chemistry coupled with terrible  handles or,   simply put:  these players are collectively devoid of a high basketball IQ.
Too bad we'll probably destroy the Cavs tonight.
Wtf when did Pau play for the Hawks
He is young, I think he can improve still. The problem is that where we should be seeing him step up, it seems he's getting worse on defense. He's shown he can defend (passably at least) in the past and now doesn't even make the effort anymore, that's a problem.
fucking FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK YOU MIKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
also a knicks fan lurking and im having a real hard time seeing that
he hasnt been in for the past 5-6 min late in the forth 
#WE WILL NOT BAZE LESS!!!!
We will not resign you unless you step your game up 
A Babbitt jersey would be slick too
Sorry. Just claimed. 
Did anyone else watching the stream see the drunk guy in the kiss cam video?
They've had staged kiss cam stuff for a couple seasons now. They're kinda painful to watch tbh
You think this isn't serious????
Ah sorry it's late over here, I understand now
smh everyone knows it’s a retarded pacman 
I just found out the Hawks logo is a Hawk. I thought it was a retarded Pac-Man.
I know but I was referencing the retarded Pac-Man and Tomato meme from like a week ago
Yeah there's no way they would randomly post that
Elfrid Payton's hair still makes me irrationally angry
I wanna be nervous every game
hello friends it's your hawks game thread for today, hawks game thread - let's go game thread
Plumee attempted the worst fucking reverse layup I have ever seen in that 1st quarter.
Cavanaugh is the man! I just hope this game starts to swing the other way soon
Why are you up posting game threads
*slowly raises hand*
If you're being serious I posted this a 2:30pm. Hardly a weird time to be up. 
Until we're both dead!
Why am I up reading game threads for the Atlanta Hawks basketball organization
Fuck they’ve (T-Mobile Tuesdays) been so bad lately that I just haven’t opened the app at all. Of course. 
I hate that peach tree hoops does that. It makes me think “oh we are scouting him” when really it’s just mock draft bs 
Tied to means you are seriously tied to. Like we were to Giannis when we promised we would draft him. This is a mock
> usually

looks like we got a backpfeifengesicht on our hands
That tank is from a game. It is called the pudel (like poodle)


I think JTB is telling us to slaughter dogs in his honor
so annoying
My bad, it was Nique.
[Am I crazy, or...](https://imgur.com/a/zYbxm)
wow poor you that sounds like a real hardship :(
Just wait until we roll-out our upcoming no more memes allowed policy. 
SCORING POINTS USUALLY HELPS US STAY COMPETITIVE
Harry's a fucking ninja
FAKE NEWS
whoops my bad
I think she might be retarded 
I usually lurk here but I couldn't pass up posting this
Don't forget that Dunc'd On mentions us at least once every few months, too!
Ah crap I just Plummed in my pants
Weird I see the Atlanta Hawks logo 
I thought that was a retarded orange for a second
GOD FUCKING DAMN IT! I WANT THAT FIRST OVERALL PICK SO BADLY
Oh I'm sure you guys'll have the worst record but there's still a lottery. 
What do the Hawks and my overwatch team have in common?

No tanks
Dennis- Tracer

Baze- Genji

JTB- Winston

Silly Illy - Dva

Prince - Mercy

Bembry - Lucio 
Doncic was trying to say “if you come round here with that weak shit I’ll beat your ass and set you on fire.”
Finding a match is tough though. The thunder maybe?
Yeah I agree man. I'm not a huge fan of pepe the frog either.
wish we could have had Silly Illy on that team and Pero on this one
Hawks is for the proletariat not the bourgeoisie scum
I thought it was much worse, let the man get a couple weeks off while we lock down the Eastern conference
Not great but imagine if it would've been a tear. 
Sad feelings encompass me.
Points leader of the game and nobody said shit about him.  Even at the half when the Cavs were down and he was still the scoring leader, NBA TV put together a highlight package during the Boston Philly game and it was nothing but Lebron and Wade.    Mad disrespect.  
Yeah and I'm not against memes or that meme in general (I mean, obviously, just see 80% of the shit i post) but it's just kinda grating when someone posts serious comments about the Hawks and all the reactions are just 'What are you talking about the Hawks aren't tanking' instead of actual responses. 

Also we aren't that terrible, if it wasn't for LeBron playing defense like it was a playoff game we could've beat the Cavs for the second time tonight. 

Ummm wtf cruel and unusual punishment is forbidden by the 8th amendment I'm no lawyer but u sir might have a case. Id call Ken Nugent ASAP
why everybody gotta take digs at my team like this :/
thank u for this but ur 8 days late 
i can't even be mad, it's insane to witness this undefeated hawks season
I wish I could watch him every game like I do for Bagley and Ayton. They’ve already grown on me
if i had to list 3 prospects for each pick

hawks pick: doncic/ayton/bagley

twolves pick: hachimura/vanderbilt/diallo

rockets pick: hands/allen/fernando - not sure if hands is coming out tho

FUCK NO
i feel bad for /u/f2phearthstoneplayer cause i told him to post here now he is part of meme history
yup i told him from there to post here

Guilty as Charged btw im not German
Those sleep areas look weird. Look like god damn space pods. 
Isolation rebuilding while being competitives, you mean. 
You mean the Mercedes Benz stadium? Biggest bird you'll ever see there. 
I will be at this game.  Going to try and get my cavaliers Mike dunleavy Jersey signed by korver. Wish me luck non-Germans!
Silly Ily 😝
You guys I think Andre might be an alcoholic
This should be a close game :/
looking forward to another competitive game
["Dewayne, you Ded?"  
"Yeah mon"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfb1fUTXCy0)

:(
he is, the implication of the tweet is that after getting ejected his last game and losing to us earlier he's gonna be mad as fuck and drop 200 on us probably.
He’s gonna be real mad when he drops 200 and still loses to the Atlanta Hawks
SAD. 
Do you mean u/koorob or “that annoying kooreb guy?”
It's tough to keep track at this point
Fuck oath cunt 
its actually the rockets pick we have unfortunately. the pick the clippers sent us is the one they received from houston when they traded for cp3
Not sure why u got downvoted
idk it looks like a retarded Pac-Man to me
All I see is a “fuck the Celtics” in symbolic logo form
Idk but something tells me whatever thing that picture is about retools hard as fucc
But if u eat tomato and look again it says fuck the saints rite?
Wait wtf is going on here? They played 3 on 5??
I played him in middle school and he put up 80 no I am not kidding I played on my middle schools B team and he fucked us. Alley Oops and shit he was crazy
I still want my Ayton, I hope the Rockets do bad so we can have their pick to select Sexton (although that's extremely unlikely).
He looks like Buddy Hield 2.0 id be very wary 
darn. I have a feeling we’ll be like 3-5 anyway, hopefully we can at least pick up sexton
Well we are the worst team in the league so there’s a very high chance we get 1-4 which is guaranteed to the team with the worst record. I’d like to see what Dennis could get us. 
3rd-5th pick idiot. surprised you still even remember me
No you said 5th seed you moron 
They won’t be the worst team in the playoffs. 20 or later is almost guaranteed if there aren’t injuries 
I said 5th seed but we’re talking picks here. Read the fucking conversation before you go off on something completely irrelevant 
What? I think I get what you’re trying to say. 

If you can read, yeah I do think we can get it. At first I thought we could get into the playoffs and then the Knicks took THJ from us, so then I altered my mindset a little.

Doesn’t matter now anyway, and I’m fucking creeped out that you still go through all these lengths to follow my account and comment about the same fucking topic
Very common in the cold war 
You guys got some serious dedication and coordination. +respect
bro doesn't realize we fucked up last night...
Poor guy in an illusion. 
Man, that was tough to watch. Didn't seem to be any synergy at all. 
And we still won. Hard to imagine how scary this team will be once everything begins to clicking.
"They weren't all Hakws fans" about the lil kids getting fed thanksgiving by bembry

how much of a little shit do you have to be to have an Atlanta hawk save your ass from starvation on thanksgiving and still root for the fucking Celtics
At the game.

Two letters to describe the game and the crowd tonight:

Ow.

Just left the game, that was painful boys.
Stupid people booing
I ALWAYS MISS THESE FUCKING THREADS. FML
The reality is that this will probably happen considering atlanta's sports luck... I remember we had the worst record in 2005 by 5 games, yet still got the second pick...
This seems flawed. They have our record all wrong. 
Fringe playoff team? Have you looked at the standings? They’re about as bad as their 6-12 record shows 
He could be an honorable mention but for some reason noone wantσ to talk about ATL.. Tilts me so hard.
It's a bad list.
Coach Bud basketball: purposely give the opposing team fake confidence in the 1st quarter then beat them silly the rest of the game. No wonder we're unbeatable.
The traffic is bad plus atlanta has lots of people from other cities that live here.
Who the fuck are Tyler Cavannaugh Luke Babbitt and Josh Magette and where did they find 3 NBA Allstars of the street
Hey everyone, I'm going to the game tonight. I haven't been to Philips since like 2009. Should I grab food before the game or eat at the stadium?
Before, when i went last year it was ridiculous expensive and basically bar food
All the things you’re saying are wrong are mental things. Fuck it. Bud tears his players down and builds them to what he likes anyway. 
except for that annoying kooreb guy
Sorry I meant who's your go to Turk, and why is it Ersan Ilyasova?
I ain't no gay
Hopefully nobody offers him an absurd contract when we need to resign him!
I want Ayton so bad
Can we just do this with John Collins and Dennis or something I don't care what Kent Brickmore or Moose's terrible man bun have to say I really don't. Scrubs. 
INB4 What the fuck is wrong with the Clippers?! They just lost to the fucking Hawks and they are officially the worst team in the league.

Should be a shit fest of a game. I think we execute well and Clips make plenty enough mistakes to hand us a win and continue their losing streak. 
Disappointing.
Seeing as Swedish is a Germanic language we sadly can not allow this on our subreddit. Please do not repeat this offense. 
45%, takes about one or two a game.
>I'm not sure if this is allowed, so if it isn't, just delete it.

hahahahhaa have you seen the posts here bro
How the fuck do the Spurs lose to a buncha Yugioh playin nerds 
I think he's just injured though, and even if he's cleared to play doesn't mean he's feeling 100%. Which, of course, could be a side affect of being 30.
Can confirm, we like to hate on him but dude has been putting it up defensively this year
Well if there's one thing we know about Baze, it's that he's got a bad attitude and a toxic personality. That Coach Bud guy seems like a bad influence too; we probably ought to kick him off the team.
They're angry because no team is giving them any competition
This game is payback for survivor and not making me a mod. Y’all a buncha nerdy ass yugioh playin bastards, and u took Belli and Deadman from me how fucking dare you. I’m gonna expose you all soon just watch.
What do you mean Bembry maybe back he played in the Cs game
looks terrible... i'm just waiting for our throwbacks to be unveiled.
I completely disagree with all of you. This is a sick looking jersey.
Dern I would buy the fuck outa that
No my name is Holly and I really miss Poet :(
Wtf, was that Malcolm Delaney 
Yes, but 20 pts in the G-League =/ 20 pts in the NBA. It'll be a while before he get minutes on the Hawks though, unless we trade Bellinelli.
Yo these post game threads are grinding my gears. Please just tell me who fucking won
I really hate Floppus Smart.  Why does he get calls?  The Refs should know hes flopping literally every time
Hawks has a bad cast but is competing with dignity.

Bazemore and Schröder are underrated.

Mainly Schöder doing well as a leader this season

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIBHRWPEChU
Well not really that Kings game
I hope we can package Plumlee and Bazemore. Some bad contracts need to leave 
i think they feel bad for his 33% layup percentage
Yeah my bad, I should’ve done that. If I ever make another I’ll include it 
Fuck the Celtics.  That is all
So much Green in the stands. Atlanta can be frustrating.
At least we're staying competitive 
I'm stayin up and getting drunk for the game so i'm about to shitpost my ass off.
When u accidentally make this post unstickied bc u can't read :/
FUCK THE CELTICS
I already hated Boston because of sports stuff and then my friend got stabbed there so despite never going there it is obviously the worst place in the world
This is a dumb thing to mention but Baynes' hair really does look stupid as hell
I’d rather the stadium be empty. So depressing. 
I also accept part of the blame for suggesting a consolidated Pregame Thread + Game Thread... maybe we should drop the "pregame thread" label altogether and just have regular game threads that happen to be posted several hours before the start of the game
Could do a [Game Day Thread] that has pre, game and post all combined, posted at pre game time
What would y'all think about consolidating the pre-game threads and the game threads together into one thread? The pre-game threads typically have fewer than ten comments, and the game threads often don't get posted at all, so what if we just made the pre-game threads the official game threads?
It wasn’t very expensive for a starter tbh. Especially at the time he signed it. He makes less than a lot of guys worse than him. And it would’ve been weird if he didn’t hang out with him since Bud was they were going to the same event 
Damn this is horrible.
This is a farce! I am not doing an ama

Dictated but not read,

Thrashfan
I'm not proud to say I'm banned from 
r/washingtonwizards and I was too drunk to remember why.
Dewayne Dedmon was fucking dominant. 90% shooting, 20/14/5 and a three? GOAT
Holy shit John Collins is nasty, after watching this game I wish we took him at 15 instead of Jackson 
there are still no highlights posted from our game, not even from DTB, we just won a game by 46 points 
We'll be a bottom 3 team by the end of the year. We are too functional of a franchise to have the worst team.
Nah, you did not. It was terrible. IMHO.
Shuttle loops suuuck. Not as hard as Boomerangs but still..

Dictated but not read,

Thrashfan
On slow days there would never be a line and sometimes the attendants wouldn't make us get off if we wanted to ride again.
Worse value for the Hawks: $40 mil to Plumlee for 3 seasons or $10k to 21 Savage for that performance?
Bud looks disgusted even after that dunk & three combo. 
I'm all for retooling but we haven't even won a home game yet this year, let's take this one and we'll just be tied for the bottom now
Prince instantly made up for the bad pass
Last time I've seen Kings getting killed this bad, Jeff Teague was called for a flagrant foul on Lebron
Baze might be on that lean too.. the fuck was that??
Is baze the actual worst basketball player? 
Is it weird that I never trust the Hawks to hold a lead?
That 21 Savage show was the worst performance I’ve seen watching a hawks game this year and that’s saying something 
Wrong Atlanta bird bro
I was wondering if it was as bad live as it sounded on the broadcast
Plot twist: The secret weapon turns out to be Tyler Cavanaugh
Literally the randomest subreddit to be active on. Rollercoasters L o fucking L
I haven't watched any of those movies but if it is about someone slowly and semi-sneakily deleting random parts of a subreddit until it becomes unusable then yes.

Edit: [For the people that missed this here is the final chapter of the Thrash-saga](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/comments/61x63k/thrash_has_attempted_to_destroy_the_sub_and_will/)
He was just trying to turn it into a roller coaster sub :(
Gonna be a real tough one.  Just gotta hope we contain Randolph to 40 or so and keep the undefeated streak alive.
Just saw the Kings dominate John Wall and the Wiz on their home court. They are going to be a tough challenge. Hopefully coach Bud will let Baze take 15-20 three pointers. We need this W. 
I want Bagley so bad.
We will obviously be retooling with the number 1 overall pick and those terrible rockets will be getting us he number 5 pick
To aid mobile users, I'll link small subreddits not yet linked in the comments

/r/AtlantaUnited: All Things Atlanta United!

---
^I ^am ^a ^bot ^| [^Mail ^BotOwner](http://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=DarkMio&subject=SmallSubBot%20Report) ^| ^To ^aid ^mobile ^users, ^I'll ^link ^small ^subreddits ^not ^yet ^linked ^in ^the ^comments ^| ^[Code](https://github.com/DarkMio/Massdrop-Reddit-Bot) ^| [^Ban](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=SmallSubBot&subject=SmallSubBot%20Report&message=ban%20/r/Subreddit) ^- [^Help](https://www.reddit.com/r/MassdropBot/wiki/index#wiki_banning_a_bot)
From what I saw that just shared similar posts to the other Atlanta sports subs since of course they have the same subscriber base. The game day threads and take my energy threads are from r/falcons for example. The pictures of people in gear I also saw a ton in r/falcons and r/braves. And the shit talking other teams is shared between all the subs.
They aren't a minor league team tho. And who cares what the Hawks did in St. Louis? That's not ours, it's St. Louis'. It's as lame as Braves fans who bring up their other championships in Boston and Milwaukee when you criticize how badly they underachieved in the WS during the 90's and 00's. Who gives a fuck? They weren't in Atlanta.
I recently saw a projection of Bamba that described his upside as "Rudy Gobert with a three-point shot" (EDIT: [here](https://www.theringer.com/nba/2017/11/13/16642064/nba-prospects-ncaa-college-basketball-2018)). If that's not Coach Bud's dream player I don't know what is.
I got baited hard
WE CALLED TIMEOUT WITH 1.5 SECONDS LEFT WTF
Me at the end: "Baze with the ball, game over"  *fumbles ball away*
Sum up the game with one word
Is Kent Bazemore one of the worst dribblers in the league? I feel anxiety any time he is moving with ball because I know there's a 50/50 chance it will just go flying from his hands for seemingly no reason
Baze has the ball at the end of the game = The tank is on!
"who needs a video review? fuck it you get what you get"- the officials 
fuck.
 All of them because we've won every game duh
Fuck not bazeeeee
fuck the mods
Wtf, why isn’t there an official game thread?
God damnit baze legit fucked his arm there. He might miss time
Mods are useless 
Ludabot died tho :(
The Ringer NBA Podcast is genuinely worse than one of Simmons' casual pods about the league. I don't like the two guys' opinions or personalities. I myself am struggling to find another quality basketball pod that's in the tier of Dunc'd On.
get the game thread up
Worst show on television 
We'd have to waive someone ourselves (rip brussino probably) but wouldn't be the worst move ever imo. 
>teenager



>MVP of the fucking euro league



You said it.
Worst basketball game of the season?
Anyone know where I can watch the game online if I'm in the Atlanta area? FOXSSE is locking me out. Tried nbastreams but none of the sites worked
John Wall faking an illness to get out of playing Dennis.  Sad!
Seriously he balled today. Also had 10 rebounds. 
This is painful to watch.

Edit: Noted Sharpshooter Dewayne Dedmon for Retool MVP
man fuck Reggie 'Locusts&Honey' Jackson. 
stupid bot, CAVANAUGH statsbot
[This game was electrifying.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNKC0FfTa5Q)

Edit: also a plug for that ridiculous Pero 3 against the Wizards.
[being in the crowd for this. It's too bad the game didn't end well because the whole game was hype and peaked at this moment](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SRXLsbWVv2c) 
Other videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r7c4ckd?feature=playlist)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[Mike Scott poster dunk over Ian Mahinmi: Pacers at Hawks, Game 6](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRXLsbWVv2c)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/comments/7c4ckd/_/dpn4udl?context=10#dpn4udl) - being in the crowd for this. It's too bad the game didn't end well because the whole game was hype and peaked at this moment
[Hawks Fend Off Warriors in Battle of NBA's Best](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNKC0FfTa5Q)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/comments/7c4ckd/_/dpn5zzs?context=10#dpn5zzs) - This game was electrifying.
(1) [Al Horford Game Winner Putback  Game 5  Wizards vs Hawks  May 13, 2015  2015 NBA Playoffs](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kK8Q5cGa03w) (2) [Zaza Pachulia - Nothing Easy! Game 7 Baby!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ70BkPkANM)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/comments/7c4ckd/_/dpn6td6?context=10#dpn6td6) - It's a tie:  Pre-snek Horf's outback against the Wizards  He went beast-mode to grab that rebound.  Nothing Easy!!  Was there for it...fucking electric.
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r7c4ckd?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
Well then fuck you too Ludabot

Fuck bots bad bot good bot go fuck yourself bot
Moose had been out these past few games, it means 40 minutes of Babbitt and Collins still fouling out after 22
Secret Agent was pulled by /u/nighthawk3000, /u/bossaholc2002, /u/jamestranoll, /u/haroldmark_98, and /u/wildhairguy
Literally unplayable now
That’s a bit of a weird request but anyway here you are. [I think this is what you’re looking for.](http://assets.kraftfoods.com/ecomm/kraft-recipes/product-image/640x428/440_00021000038749.jpg) 
As your lawyer please do not answer any of the questions these mere peasants ask.
wouldn't even be shocked if we ended up with the 15th pick lmfao 
5 Fingers of Musky Death sounds like a horrible porno
Nice....Not a bad first episode, you can tell the guys are still feeling their way thru it, but I expect their energy to pick up as they keep doing them. I'll def be listening. 
Retool so hard mofos tryna find us 
Is this why the Hawks seemed to play so often at McCamish Pavilion at the beginning of the season? (Just a very casual fan so they might have played less than I'm letting on)
I do.

https://twitter.com/saibaruuu/status/924095904323391488

https://twitter.com/saibaruuu/status/924758095687049218

As of the Celtics game, the Jumbotron is STILL broken like in the first tweet. I'm shocked.
Those INWEGO suite tix are always a little awkward.

C’s fan here, when the fuck did DeWayne Dedmon start shooting/hitting 3s? 
But Baze is our 70 million double dollar man! Earning that contract one wild pass and idiotic drive at a time!
God I can't express how much I hate Marcus Smart.
tanking is hard when Coach Bud is coach
What a terrible quarter for John Collins. Couldn't hang on to the ball, got abused on defense and picked up 3 fouls. Fell flat on his face too.
Dedmon playing hard tonight. Malcom clutch as fuck though
People will never take Babbit seriously because of his name but he is a legit rotational player
I'm sad
Fuck you dedman
Don't be selfish
If he's as hard to get rid of as it seems, they should send us a pick with him
Completely agreed. I don't think he would be a bad pickup, but not our rebuild guy
It is so fucking lit fam
You can do that?

I’ve never been to an NBA game so I wouldn’t know
fuck snek. all i gotta say.
DAS ILLEGAL 
They should at least respect the undefeated team though...
Isaiah Taylor knows how to tank.  

Rest of the team disappointing.
Can’t believe we lost this game. Smh
And y'all thought the sub squad miracle from last season was weird...
Don't start playing scared tank ball now. Fuck
ISAIAH FUCKING TAYLOR
IT is unreal. Gaining confidence every game
Get so sick of that crybaby shit
I mean I guess
Fuck yeah
He's learning everyday!
Sick (or bad) guy!
I have never experienced the bad customer service that I did with this company, ever before with any other company! I tried calling and could not get through to anyone, I tried the online chat and was told that I would be emailed and someone would get back to me and no one did. The cost of the tickets were 3x the price of the actual tickets and higher than sold anywhere else. Then they said they responded to me and I never once received a response and I never got the tickets before the concert and you still have not refund me my money!! The worst ticket sales company ever, They never contacted me back and lied to the credit card company and said they did. They do not have an accredited BBB account and have tons of bad reviews. They know I never received the tickets, I never got them and was never refunded and was almost $900
Fully expecting a beat down so bad they force the Astros to give their world series title to the Braves

82-0 here we come
Considering we haven't lost a single game yet, I'd say the playoffs are already in sight. 
Nah, it's tough, but we'll come out stronger for it. I'm just nervous that someone is going to screw up and fire Bud or something stupid like that.
> we suck

I don't know what team you are watching my friend...but I have never seen somebody say an 8-0 team "sucks"
Okafor would be awful in our system I think. He would either take Collins' minutes which is bad or would play next to Collins which would result in playing two bigs that can't defend which is extremely bad. 

Could we Hawks University him into a more rounded out player? Probably, but if we're going all in on Collins I wouldn't take that risk.
Run the Jewels told me to brutally overthrow Adam Silver and replace him with Coach Bud tho
They were swindled from us, sadly.
Doncic is awfully close to Cicada if spelled backwards. 
Can you guys slow down pls
Can’t believe we’ve already broken our 19 game streak from 2015. Thank u Josh Magette
he'd be awful in combination with Collins and we also shouldn't give him any of Collins' minutes. Awful fit in our system. 
He wanted to yam it so bad
That yam would have been sick
No, your card gets swept away by Lebron.  :(
:( 
:(
i remember why i stay away from the r/nba game threads, esp for Philly/toronto/boston
Let’s fuck these pussies up 
Baze has such a sloppy handle
Hellen Keller knows Collins is having a bad game
F L A G R A N T DO YOU KNOW WHAT DAT MEAN
Seriously, Moose. Pathetic
I swear to god john if you touch a 76ers player again I'm gonna buy a ticket just to smack you. Fuck defense. It's pointless. Just score homie. And make a god damn layup 
Scoring points usually helps
What is that supposed to mean?
It means we get a bigger sample size of just how annoying they really are
Well he's the only fun thing about Hawks basketball besides the memes. I hate watching basketball when he's not in, so this is so annoying 
>They are everything we aspire to be

except for the nauseatingly smug fanbase and injuries

^(i'm never getting over them getting extremely mad that millsap was an all-star over embiid last year)
>i'm never getting over them getting extremely mad that millsap was an all-star over embiid last year

Yeah, that was outrageous bullshit.  I remember trying to formulate an argument in a thread and just being like "you know, this is just bullshit."  
He stole my Gpa's soul tho :(
I remember reading snek was by far the worst big at getting to the line that year
YOU KEEP YOUR FUCKING FILTHY PAWS OFF DAD!
Some say we're holding him off as our secret weapon in game 4 of the NBA finals against Lebron.
Late to dis, can I join plz
Sorry we're out of print. All I have is a spare Nicolas Brussino.
:(
He's a draft and stash. Way too raw to get minutes.
Cause Bud felt bad about his son never having played in the NBA
These post game threads getting depressing.
after each game i watch The Baptist highlights. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zl_23iHFZT4
Our crowd turnout is actually not that bad. Especially from what I've seen looking around the league. We'll see how it holds up.
It started at 6:30 am over here in Australia :( 
Although all the other games are on during the day so I can't complain 
I just saw Josh Magette walking around midtown. Fucking legend.
On an unrelated note, it's cold as fuck. The weather people said that wasn't supposed to happen. We've been bamboozled
I just hope Dirty Delly doesn't try to injure another player on purpose
:(
I just simmed it 10 times and we only got the number 1 pick once :(

My worst fear is us going undefeated and somehow still not getting the number 1 pick.
It's crazy how well Babbitt is playing
Every time John Collins fails on a dunk an angel loses its wings.
I hate to blaspheme but ole Johnny boy looks bad tonight
Why is Collins playing like the ball is covered in butter. I HATE it
Somehow I don’t think I’ll be checking off the “you can’t go under on korver” box this game
wtf they're trying to feed us Cicadas?!

Don't eat DAD
Wtf isn’t this almost like cannibalism
He’s definitely taking that illegal police escort he uses all over town to the ceremony 
this is stupid
Baseball should be illegal anyway 
They didnt realize that we are retooling while remaining competitive *at getting the #1 pick*.

Poor bastards won't know what hit them.


It would be terrible if we lost a game. just awful.
Don't want to jinx it, but there is no way we lose a game this year.
Fucking United losing last night ugh
He got the outcome wrong though 
can you explain this meme for me please? usually am up to date but i dont know where it originated from
They haven’t given Collins either of his blocks on my fantasy league I’m not happy about it. 
Nah that would be insanely stupid.
Very dumb. I’d say he’s probably in the category of 10 least likely coaches to be axed this year. 
Fake news if you ask me i mean did we even check to see if jordan actually got those points maybe he payed for them
Knicks/Suns/other team that sucks fan here guys watch out for this guy watch out
I miss you Kyle :'( we should've paid him through the tank just to keep him around.
What is this a reference too? Sorry.
whatever man this shits boring anyways who cares
I miss you Pierre :/
People take this shit too seriously. There just trying to lighten up the mood.
That realisation hit me hard, why you gotta be like this mann
Hey hawks fans greek fan here coming in peace.Dorseys numbers seem disappointing has he been that bad for you? 
This is very typical for rookies. Especially given how thin he is for a PF. He'll grow into a serious presence a couple years from now.
We could even get weird and go full-on small ball with

Dennis - Doncic - Bembry - Prince - Collins


Can't go wrong with D. Bender.

Edit: grammar
Probably trying to ease him into the NBA playstyle with few minutes but increasing slowly. The minutes will come
He should 100% be starting at PF and Coach Bud is an idiot
#FUCK THE MODS
Holy fuck I’m so tired of Collins getting hacked
10 point game yo
A rookie is putting up Dwight Howard's Hawks numbers while playing 20 minutes a game 
Prince is chirping hard at Ellington😏
Malcolm Delaney is so unimaginably terrible. Literally what does he do
We are SOOOO bad that I can't even be mad because it's hilarious to watch. 
WHY IN THE FUCKING FUCK IS JOHN COLLINS NOT CLOSING OUT THIS GAME 
I think Marco may have the worst handles in hawks history 
He kept him off the court the entire game! He's in a fucking sports coat! Not tanking my ass 
Prince is attacking his countryman. I hope he doesn't hate Slovenians 
Bud you're so lame
1 upvote = 1 sad :(
sad squawk
No...Its too late to be saying that. The rest of us have known for a while now
Dennis just rolled his ankle folks.  Worst case scenario hes out a couple weeks as our quest to stay undefeated continues
I'm all for tanking but SORRY for Dennis...Hopefully it's nothing serious! This season is starting to become injury plagued :/
NBA anything online is a hot mess.  Their online brand ,  website, is on auto pilot since 2014.  Broken links, Teams aren't updated.  I mean,  c'mon ,  do they even have anyone monitoring this?  NBA channel is casually monochromatic also,  sometimes relying on guest appearances from the TnT crew.  
Not a good timeout, Bud
Noooooooooooooo. FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
: (
I picked the wrong fucking game to go to the pumpkin patch. Following on ESPN app blows.
Oh fuck I am so sorry.
We have got us a game my fellow non-Germans
Show some anger, Dedmon. 
well.. fuck

Prince does some really stupid shit. Play Dennis the rest of the game, and keep Prince on the bench.
Downvote, but look who Bud banished from the game after that play.
wtf is this dude talking about doesn't he know the Nets are tanking
Also you guys are allowed to just make game-threads, there's no rule that says mods have to do it - so if you don't see one before the game start, just create it.
What could go wrong?
Don’t you mean Selig? 
*Me in the first half*

You know.. maybe 8 seed isn't out of the question.

*Me now*

Michael Porter aint that bad.
WTF Is coach bud doing to this team were supposed to be tanking
So we *are* bad. Phew! I was worried after the Mavs game that we might not completely suck. This has relieved my fears slightly.
It took a game and a half for the Hawks to realize you’re supposed to *lose* when you’re tanking.
God dammit that quick shooting three misses in the third was the worst fucking thing I've ever seen. Fuck Luke Babbitt 
The mods have spoken and this is the game day thread!
WTF is this reffing
Musky having a real bad night 
Damn this is bad
Wtf is going on?
I'm so pissed! If we keep playing like this, we will get the 30th pick instead of the 1st! Not cool!
Had the Hawks +5.5 how the fuck does this happen
Hard not to when you gotta worry about getting brutally assaulted by Dwight (like he did 5 secs later) 😒
You can tell it's been pissing him off, dude is about to bring some holy mother fucking fire on somebody
Those people are stupid
#NO WHAT THE FUCK
Hope that helps him. It could also be that his legs aren’t as tired. 
https://www.instagram.com/p/BLR8BxHBXfj/

I miss this :'(
YEEEEEEEEES! WAKE THE FUCK UP BOYS! THE MILES PLUMLEE REVENGE TOUR STARTS TODAY (EVEN IF HE DOESN'T)
Probably not a good sign for the Hornets that [John the Baptist subsists on an all-bug diet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthew_3:4)
but what about the Cicadas :(
he was a product of our system imo. without bud there, he's going to revert to all his bad habits. ill give him a week or 2 before knicks fans start calling for his head
This had fucking layers 
Of course as the rank 1 eastern conference team, how could we be tanking
You think you have a serious post but then you remember your on r/atlantahawks.
*You think you have a serious post but then you see it's labeled shitpost.

FTFY
wtf why you looping 
Dirk is a mere scrub compared to Dennis and his greatness 
Bad form
I’m serious, look at [the box score](https://i.imgur.com/Omh1GgN.jpg). It wasn’t a joke. 
82-0
Impossible for the warriors...only improbable for us 
Fuck Michael Porter Jr! We dont need him!!...
If Shroder doesn't make the allstar game with Hayward and IT both out, we as Hawks fans should feel disgraced. 
FUCK
I'm not funny enough to be an active member of this sub, and I'm the funniest guy my grandma knows. :(
you mean "guaranteed" for us
You made me sad when you mentioned Timmy. Daddy left us :(
Destroyed us Finns in Eurobasket. Saw that coming, unfortunately our coaching stuff had dark glasses on their eyes.
They’re doing captains this year tho :/ 
Captains don't pick who make the game.
We didn't offer the guy a contract. And he balled hard for the Skwa for years. No reason to be booed. 
Anchor man =/= snek.  He would have stayed and continued to get hit in the face game in, game out for us.  No reason to boo a guy who didn't have a choice but to move on.
I like Horf daddy still; just hate our stepmom she’s a fucking bitch 
3 minutes into season before the first disgusted coach bud camera shot
If you can't handle Barnes at his shot clock violation you don't deserve him at his disappearing in the playoffs wait those are both bad
schroder my fucking father
I'm not gonna lie but it's hard to tank in the east Bois 
There's a joke there about tanking and Mark Cuban being on Shark Tank but I'm too lazy to figure out what it is
holy fuck JC just tried to euthanize the elderly 
Im addicted to tanking already. 
Feel bad for Hayward but...

CELTICS 0-2 UPVOTE PARTY STARTS HERE

DANNY AINGE TANKING??????
FUCK YES
It seems like every time they get the ball all of our players just run in different directions and panic like crazy.
Atlanta Modz who post game threads slightly late VS. Dallas Modz who may or may not post game threads in a timely manor 
Collins going to dad dick everyone this season.

I need that weird creepy reference in my life again after Millsap my daddy left.
Da fuck am I watching?
Does Baze know he sucks?
Dennis is getting fucking hacked
DEFEND THE FUCKING THREE

That face was scary tho
Bro don’t even put a question mark on the end of that statement. He already had the trophy presentation pre game 
Oh my god what ugly form Holy shit
That was officially a bad shot
not like it's mentioned every game or anything. I hope I learn it again the next game!!
My friends call me the poor mans JR Smith. 
25 shots per game
That guy flops sooo hard.
But we're trying to suck for some reason😢😢 coach bud never lets all these random people play in 1 game
are you seriously disrespecting Luke Babbitt like that? Wooooooooow
No, they are very rude. They have no manor. 
So at least 50 PPG?
Impossible 
14 points on 15 shots is not great. 
>  not taught me object permanence yet

That would mean that since you cannot see him he does not exist
Wtf is that thumbnail 
Fucking Perez...always being a nitwit
Its game day biiiiiiitch
in b4 Dedmon 20/20 game
Fuck Dirk. USA, USA, USA!!!!!
Hey will Collins start? Took him last round in fantasy and as an nc native i fuck with him a lot without knowing his usage with yall
It’s 8:40  why this game not on? 
damn why didn't i think of that i'm past my pre-game thread prime. 
FUCK DELLY
at least i won't have to shitpost all by myself now.
doubtful. 
