I mean did you see how he got hurt, that shit looked painful
You mean the owners of the slogan: "Devin Booker's injury is legitimate" ?
So there are 3 real (broad) options really

- worst one: he gets convicted for a felony and goes to jail (bad) or loses his work visa (bad)

- kinda bad: he gets convicted but stays out of jail and can stay in the US, will face a long term 10+ game suspension by the NBA. 

- Least bad: Get's a plea deal or gets his conviction down to a misdemeanor, will still get a relative suspension from either the Hawks or the NBA

Now he's rich as shit and makes people a lot of money, so we can somewhat expect him avoiding the worst option, but ya never know. 
yeah obviously I don’t mean we would eat his contract, we’re not retooling that hard. we’d use the exit clause
I'll agree he's a little slow but no size? The guy is 6'8 and basically a point guard
[SPEAKING OF LUKA JUST LOOK AT WHAT THIS FUCKING KID JUST DID MAN] (https://streamable.com/0l5wb)
Damn this was three years ago??? I remember my friend's dad had tickets to the game for us but I couldn't go because I was working. Was so mad but had to work. Missed this moment, my friends' said it was amazing. Fuck man
(inb4 the sub gets brigaded by sixers fans again cause jokes are bad unless they do em)
Why are we mad at Mona Lisa again?
I know we're not good but every loss still hurts me :-(
The fuck did you say about us?
I thought we were allowed to quote Halfbaked without someone getting weird.
Anyone have tickets for tonight’s game they need to get rid of? Was disappointed that there were no college student tickets tonight. 
No one else, just you, your life sucks
No offense taken. Food and prices are so so bad. They are re doing everything out there this offseason so hopefully that will change 
Agreed, but fuck Jamal Murray
I vaguely remember that. Bummer I missed peak /r/AtlantaHawks
Dont look now but the Suns are still in the game nearing halftime too. Cmon based bender
What in the fuck NBA
Or a game of horse 

And depressing 
The Hawks have the 7th worst fg% in the league. The Pistons have the 6th worst, which may explaines why Drummond is leading the league in rebounds.
Weird to think that losing this game is a win-win scenario.  an oxymoron or some shit
[On the previous episode of this game] (https://youtu.be/ANiau70SQ3Q)
Did our Teagues get fucking swindled or what
Wtf... I hate Ben Simmons now
Game over, thank god. We played well but KAT is playing record breaking basketball and there is not much that we can do about that.
Taurean is going to ruin it again with late game heroics
I can't find the game on Twitch does anyone have a link 
Is it bad that I'm watching the all American game over this right now?

Edit: update, Zion Williamson just dislocated his thumb
That's cuz he's in jail! Which is where the rest of u conspirators should be!!!
  
I just need to [follow the mail](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Co5MRAXVIAAeCbq.jpg)...
You'll never find our secret communications channel - I mean what secret communications channel? Blasphemy 
Zion Williamson seems too raw. Just give me RJ Barrett.
Tookie would be a quality backup pg for us, I hope we get him on the bayhawks at least. He's got the stroke and he's tough as nails
I swear if the fucking wolves choke against us after getting embarrassed by the fucking Grizzlies, I will be upset and unhappy
Y'all getting mad about this are fools. We are horrible and we ought to lose every game from here on out if we know what's good for us
Fuck Ben Simmons broken ass jumper fool learn how to shoot
Fuck the tank just smash these cunts like you did us.
Fuck Ben Simmons
It's going to happen. It just fucking is. 
I can't believe how bent this has some Atlanta fans...so yea, I agree..and it was funny (ATL is well, terrible this year)...these guys are the new generation of players, social media driven banter will be normal, I mean, they're streaming on twitch, 20 years ago they'd be at the club all night, now they stay home and game...Geez, how terrible.
The worst one happens to be one of their players. I feel like I’m the only one who doesn’t find Embiid funny at all, and thinks he’s annoying as hell
Now the Phillies are on the rebound so I’m bracing for that shithole fan base to come back out of the woodwork. 
26 at the half..I guess he's taking it seriously.
Wiz absolutely destroyed them. Lowry and Derozan have been shell shocked ever since.
Oh no I meant that as in the Steelers. I hate the fanbase with a passion 
I assumed you meant Steelers, but I had to stick up for the Buccos anyways. But yeah, I 100% agree with you on the Steelers being an annoying fan base 
Am I wrong to think we probably are seeing the end of his time here? I don’t think he’s tradable if he gets a felony obviously, but if we can void his contract, I think that might happen
I literally just got a dennis jersey for christmas too. 

Why did he have to fuck up some guys knee
my schroder jersey just lost some serious resell value
well fuck..
Eh I'll play devil's advocate. If it's a matter of him getting heated and shoving the guy, causing an awkward fall and torn knee ligaments, I can see it as a "mistake."

But yeah if they all jumped the guy and were wailing on him that's beyond a "mistake."
Apparently there is a video of it. Eventually it’ll probably come out and I’m betting it will be a very bad look for Dennis.
You're right, commonfolk are US Citizens who can't be deported for a crime.

Dennis is not a US Citizen, and can be deported and barred from entry for violent crime. 
I was hoping for a Phoenix comeback as well, but it really seem like they'll never win another game again this season.
Nuggets schedule is really tough. I think the Wolves should still make the playoffs.
Phoenix too, with all those Boston players out and if Booker plays there's a chance for an upset, no matter how small
15th pick may mean Collin Sexton. That's my wet dream boiiii (JJJ, Sexton, Bonga, Tillie)
Wow. I didn’t know about any of this. Crazy!
seriously, this is crazy! What fucking scumbags that did a drive-by for fucking Eurostepping past a guy. How much of a fucking ego do you have to have to try to kill someone for that???


Also I wasn't sure if I was being trolled by this video at first. The clips from movies and stuff makes it really weird. u/bball-biopic appreciate you for making this and sharing the story, but I think the clips from random things made it a bit weird for me. Personally I'd rather just see pictures of Delaney or something, it would make more sense
Nothing wrong here
This is the fakest news I’ve ever seen. The CGI is TERRIBLE
Well we're building for long term so a project wouldn't be bad since we're still gonna be tanking next year any way. also hawks uuniversity babyyy
But does he develop the charge taking ability of silyasova and he pump fake of Pero Antic?
Look, I know the goal here is to "sell" OP, but now you're just getting carried away. A pump fake like that only comes along once in a lifetime.
Make that $30. I’ll send you my PayPal after the game
Moose will hit 11 threes and 2 of them will be of the Dirk style awkward one legged fallaway variety
I couldn't watch the game. How dead is Dennis? 
ah so you went to a game at Phillips?
That’s how my husband and I felt at the Jazz game. Except after it was over I saw someone in a Julio Jones jersey and a guy with a Hawks hat yelled ATL at us!
There was a kid in hawks gear behind the home team casters, was that you?

Atlanta has such fair-weather fans in all sports. It's so frustrating. 

I think the only team we have with a committed fan base is Atlanta United FC. 

We out here fam. Rooting for our squads. 
I was at the Jazz game! In my Josh Smith jersey. Only saw 2 other daddy worshipers
Nah I was in the nose bleeds tickets are so expensive to warriors games
What's the protocol with 10 days? I feel like it's unfair to be the ones to give a guy a chance and then get swindled by some other team that didn't have to sacrifice a 10day
fuck ayton, dude got fucking bodied in the tourny
Welp won't be moving up the ping pong ball list today :(
I dunno what the clouds thing is from and at this point I'm afraid to ask
You see ass-eating I can get behind but I dunno about this clouds nonsense. Seems suspicious 🤔
Good for them! That crap is fucked up. 

Edit: Not sure why I censored myself by saying crap but then also said fucked. 
People protesting the two tanks battling inside. Might not have a game after all.
if we played 3 on 5 for the entire game we still couldn't out tank what Memphis did tonight. almost doubled up by the fucking hornets lmfao i know we talk a lot about hoping to lose n shit but jesus christ have some integrity and don't make it so blatantly obvious
Game cancelled?
Came here to see what you guys were thinking about the game... damn this sub is dead...
60 wins 2 years ago but yeah the Hawks have terrible luck.
Ah my bad

Pepperoni
Wow, I missed something.

I knew we hate Sacramento now but I didn’t realize they had changed their name too...
I know I getting a Joe Johnson "Iso Joe" custom but i don't want those ugly jerseys
Alright I'll bite. What's the point behind this shitpost?
Might be tough, she's a former employee who was bad at her job. 

Bad enough that her superiors brought her in for a "last chance" meeting. Bad enough to still suck after that meeting and get fired. Bad enough to blame her firing on racial discrimination and not accept it was her own incompetence.

That's a level of bad mere mortals can only dream of achieving.
Kirk Korver was only 27. Kyle will be burying his younger sibling; it's a grim time. 
I miss that man. Sorry for your loss Kyle
Twitter told me she was an evil white woman though and Bottoms was a queen
>a loss here for the Nuggets would be even more pathetic than their loss to the Grizzlies a few days ago.
Ah fuck. I can’t believe you’ve done this. 
Taurean and Schroeder might go crazy next season. Stay tuned.
Nasty hesitation move on Rubio...https://youtu.be/smc8L1FWlZA?t=1m40s
Jazz music is very commonly played by street performers but when its raining the street performers stay inside so no Jazz music
Wtf I hate the Jazz now
learn how to play some fucking basketball utah 
It's so ridiculous that a team, especially one that has been poor all season long like the Hawks, has to lose, what, 30 games in a row to get the worst record.
:(
I'm so sorry for your loss, but you helped us out Hawks pals.  In other news, Teague swindled the Clippers. 
Well we beat the spurs,timberwolves and jazz so we don't discriminate at least.
And I hate Dennis Schroder...

In all seriousness, you boys keep tanking, get yourself a sick draft pick and wreck havoc again. I loved the Millsap/Korver duo (who of course used to be Jazzmen)
This is bullshit propaganda.

He has gone for a layup when down by 3 MULTIPLE TIMES this season.

He even got a flagrant to put it in the bag for Utah.  They were just so bad and couldn't make any shots. Not Dennis' fault.
We probably weren't going to out tank the grizzlies or suns anyway. I bet we still finish at 3rd worst record 
fuck me
Jesus Christ WE NEED THAT FUCKING DRAFT PICK
Dennis fucked up the tank 😔
why are we trying so damn hard
Fuck this shit man. Wanna cry rn😭
What the &^%$^! :(
Unpopular opinion: I don’t think we should have won this game if we were trying to tank 
No way the jazz are actually this bad 
The jazz are terrible 
If he's averaging 4.5 points on 15 minutes a game, then maybe he'll score a robust 9 points tonight! 
Phoenix is embarrassingly bad. The Grizzlies have managed to blow a lot of close games but I feel like every time I look up the Suns are down 25 in the 2nd quarter
They hurt my Baptist :(
who the fuck is Antonius Cleveland 
50 point Taurean Prince game incoming.
Call us the ATLanta broken wings cause we fuckin hurt
I think he's a 4 long term that needs to be paired with a rim protector. JC will continue to develop his perimeter game.
No chance. Sorry, but during a game the bandwidth is minimal. Not very strong at all.
I fucking hate the grizzlies, man. I hope whoever they draft is a bust. They made Tyreke inactive 20 mins before the game started, against one of the few opponents they had a chance to beat. 
FUCK NO. I'd rather have Bagley
He dicked my team so hard
So would MPJ and Collins, I'm afraid.
Unfortunately we may be forced to use that pick on Killian Tillie aka Kill'Tillzad 
> forced

Oh the horror
The sun is cold
which fuck downvoted this
Seriously bro. Idk how Horford got dominated by TT who was a no name at the time and Cavs fans hate him now. We matched up way better with GS than Cleveland did. 
I agree with your second sentiment, but I dont think Ayton is a bad defender. He isn’t dominant, but still. What do you think of the blog overall if you don’t mind me asking ? Like what can I improve/ what not 
But could he score 38 on a cold night in stoke? 
Can’t lie, didn’t expect this jump. He’s been going HAM lately. Could become an All Star at this rate. 
i rate him 0/10 worst tank commander
Well FGM-12 isn’t that close to FGM-148 but it’s still too close for comfort in a game like this
Bad bot
Wtf Taurean
What happened to the game threads. We had a lot of people on the suns game.
Why you rooting for the Nets? How about some animal solidarity over here (not including the bears they're playing fuckin dirty)?
Nah I believe this is fake for tanking purposes
Yeah I went to that game too and they were handing out the cards at the exits. Redeemed mine yesterday 
Roasted like a mah fackin spring chicken erneh
holy fuck dude 
seriously can't believe we picked him up at 19. Other teams sleepin
Can somebody explain how Memphis is so bad. Their roster doesn’t look like the worst in the league. 
It's also luck, to an extent. Their point differential is only slightly worse than ours and 4th worst in the NBA
I don't actually mean it. That would be extremely risky for a team. 
Fuck
One of the few silver linings of the tank is seeing guys like him get an NBA shot and play their butts off. Have to root hard for those guys.
can they be anymore blatant about their tanking ffs
MEMPHIS BBQ SUCKS
i dont know whats goin on in here, but i fuck with clouds
I fucking hate it, I'm playing him in my fantasy playoffs 
The odds for the Hawks are relatively high because Charlotte is bad
Hopeful for a Dwight Howard revenge game where he drops 20/20
Of course, but they are bad, and bad teams will lose to other bad teams
I'm not talking about the Hawks. I'm talking about this evil sub. On the surface it's all jokes and memes. But if you go deeper there are horrible secrets propogated by the mods.
These sorry ass Grizzlies have lost 18 games in a row. Silver needa investigate these jackasses ASAP
I just want the lottery to be determined so we can move past the disappointment. 
Aw that sucks :( Now I know how early to go and what to look for to get autographs. It kills me thinking that Dennis might have been signing on the Hawks end of the tunnel when I wasn't watching.
Thank fucking god

Taurean, chill
Yeah it’s heaps annoying. I wish they sold them without the advertisement. I might just start buying retro jerseys tbh.
FUCK MY LIFE I ALWAYS MISS THESE THREADS 
not as bad as 21 savage 
I mean he was on XXL
I had been to a playoff game each of those 10 seasons.
Went to the game tonight for $12/seat using the Hawks pass. Ended up getting seats in section 110
That was so slick. Dorsey has game.
I hear Dennis ate some bad sauerkraut. Time to shut him down too
Fuck zaza
Prince saw my comment and decided "fuck it why can't I be Kawhi Leonard?"
I don't feel bad about dallas or memphis, since they're legitimately awful this year. But sacramento orlando and phoenix, they are all truly shameless. They've been tanking for years now 
Well I’m in atl so it’s not all bad I guess.
Kings have been trying and failing to be competitive over the years. Being bad does not equal tanking. 
Memphis is actually that bad though. Conley is out for the season and even in the games where Marc and Reke are playing they're absolutely fucking terrible
Not good that he’s hurt, but now that he went down in the game he should just take the rest of the season off. At least I’m hoping that was the plan and he’s actually not hurt.
damn i'm stupid
no lol
ill fight all yall irl
No offense, but fuck you

E: didn't think I needed the /s
I do, they all smell bad 
The team listed Dennis as questionable. I think he's earned himself a rest day. 
38 points from Prince is crazy
That poor Atlanta United jersey wearing guy being at the Hawks game instead of the United game ;-;
Sometimes I can't believe Miles Plumlee is a basketball player and he has 50 millon contract. Unfair life ..
Plumlee is a fucking genius man...
I’ll be at the game rooting for the hawks 
Goddamnit. Chose the worst time to not be able to miss. 
Are we not winning? Rolo and Holiday will legit play 10 mins.
At least theyll play, Schroeders out.
Thanks to them the fucking Cavs are about to pick ahead of us, screw 'em for being this bad for no reason.
And the player complety forgets and makes a wild three. Crazy!
I want him but his stock is going up and our pick is getting worse.
Yeah, even if we do somehow get the worst record in the league, knowing atlanta sports luck we will probably get 3rd or 4th pick.
Came here for memes 

Left here with tears :( 
That was so overlooked, we still would've lost to the Lebron's but with thabo he would've got under his skin at least
Miles Plumlee is the worst fucking player in the NBA. 
[Sorry Hawks, this is what gotta do to Schröder tonight](https://i.redd.it/a99t0rx8brk01.png)
>fucking with our tank

My bad
Grizzlies are terribly coached and have the morale and chemistry of a pile of bricks. We're terrible but we seem to have a great locker room.
Kevin Durant has a player option this year. If the Rockets beat the warriors and Kevin Durant opts out, I fully believe the hegemony is broken.
Doncic catches, puts up a three! Won't go, rebound Collins, back out to Tillie, his three-pointer. **Bang!** Tie game with five seconds remaining!
>Bang! Tie game with 46 minutes and five seconds remaining!


Fuck yes
Its gonna be really sad if they end up getting a divorce
nuggets lose, Mins pick 1 game safer.
After the devastating loss to the suns, this one was important to not completely fall off the rails
Here's a sneak peek of /r/AtlantaHox using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHox/top/?sort=top&t=all) of all time!

\#1: [This Sub](http://m.imgur.com/TyzaIOK) | [4 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHox/comments/5pg4uq/this_sub/)  
\#2: [\[Next day thread\] Serious post game discussion 2.4.2017](https://np.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHox/comments/5s67mv/next_day_thread_serious_post_game_discussion/)  
\#3: [FUCKING CICADAS](https://np.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHox/comments/5w8286/fucking_cicadas/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/7o7jnj/blacklist/)
Is it bad I don't even know who J.Morris is?
FUCK KYLE LOWRY
>Kings -- Atlanta Thomas Jeffersons

My fucking sides
not sure what Hawks you’re referring to. ever heard of the Atlanta Dyson Spheres?
You know what, I think now (for no reason) that Doncic is actually bad and he shouldn't get drafted until like 5-7th 
False
Fax. Porter's eyebrows are weird
So this is what disappointment feels like, it's been so long
Fuck this mediocre franchise
Fellow cloud bros, how do we get over this devastating development?
I am not mad or disappointed, I am just sad and depressed...
Fuck, we won

Still get fucked when they try to lose

Yup.
I have a bad feeling about this one...
Game 7 NBA Finals intensity out here
I fuck with IT even harder now backing up TP like that 
Holy fuck that was one hell of a shot
Jesus fucking Christ man
Schröder and Collins have been playing a lot of minutes lately, I think they need some rest. Why not give them the game off?
I mean whatever but I just think these draft threads get terribly boring and negative if everyone just lists their own favourite prospect every thread without discussion.
i said if i were the hawks i would do whatever i can. i didn’t say it was gonna happen, i was just saying that if there is any draft to try and make a move like that, it is definitely this one. i don’t understand why you have to question someone’s intelligence and call the idea stupid when 1) you don’t know anything about my intelligence and 2) i’m literally just sharing my opinion and asking what you guys think 
I'm taking this to represent a feeling of relief that we lost the game, I hope that was the intent of this post otherwise you may have some explaining to do 
THE

MEME

IS

DEAD

GET OVER IT!
Fuck that undefeated meme gets me irritated 
At least we know Zaza won’t dive on any of our players . He loves Atlanta 
Sorry u can’t understand my minimalistic genius pal
I know it's been said a thousand times, but Steph Curry might be the worst contract in the history of the league. How he makes as much as he does when he's such a liability is beyond me.
I'm still mad Jeff Teague didn't bring the house down with a dunk to end that game and decided to dribble it out
That's what happens when:

* Horford is snek
* Teague is swindled
* Dwight is an unhappy pair of shoulders 
marketing for an architecture firm!
our shitpost battle will last for eternity. 

or until i get drunk one time, pull a thrashfan and try to destroy the sub and then also get banned. 
You mean /u/widesheep
Shit I mean, uh...doing non-suspicious stuff. Yeah, I majored in being 'not suspicious".
We're still gonna be awful next year even if we get the #1 pick, giving our '19 pick away without at least top 10 protection would be insane. 
Really sucks seeing the Hawks decline like this. Sad!
all these other teams are also not going on 20 game losing streaks. 
That was weird af
this phone's battery is at 15% and needs charging!

---

 ^^I ^^am ^^a ^^bot. ^^I ^^use ^^OCR ^^to ^^detect ^^battery ^^levels. ^^Sometimes ^^I ^^make ^^mistakes. ^^sorry. [^^info](https://np.reddit.com/r/phonebatterylevelbot)
wtf are we doing
I miss watching Millsap on defense... Dude was an idiot savant when it came to that end of the floor
Cawk is slang for penis??? or u mean like Cawk sounding like COCK??? 
just got home and saw it, I'm disappointed. Is this all I get for being r/AtlantaHawks's official nephew for 12 years (since I was born) smh
look, adding text to flairs is all screwed up in our css and im too dumb to fix it so it is what it is 
I thought this was the serious competitive vaping subreddit?
Don't you mean hookah bar?
Laker fans in Atlanta are the WORST
At least we know Prince isn't afraid to shoot the 3 Ball
Second worst moment of the year next to when the Knicks fans tried to stage a coup against the home crowd.
And the day gets a little cloudier in Atlanta :(
This one hurts :(
They didn't have the end of the bench guy who could match.  The front office isn't too dumb to try to trade these guys for anything.  They didn't cut them until after the trade deadline because they were trying to make a deal.  
You know what lakes need to form? Clouds. Clouds have rain. Fuck the Lakers. 
Laker fan checking in here. I applaud your tank and can fully get behind blocking the Suns tank with them clouds. Anything to keep Ayton out of the West. 

P.S. : [Z-O GET OFF GET OFF AYE, WOAH, YEH](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJkGiwvZsMA)
Never seem lonzo play. Holy shit what a weird shot
oh fuck i forgot he's a laker now
So maybe not a great sign. 
All-star caliber?!?!?! ahhahahahahahahah


you mean MVP caliber
Just altostratus me the fuck up, fam
Weather's grim ~~up north~~ down south 🌤️⛅🌥️☁️
Unlike Okafor, Ayton has the ability to stretch his game to the three point line
Trey over ayton is insane 
The Anderson's got tickets to the game
First thing I did was check the West standings....hoping Minnesota doesn’t drop out of the playoffs while hoping they drop to the 8th spot...but still feel bad for Butler.
I'm not happy. I'm sad but I just wanted to post. 
Came to watch Andrew White III. Left disappointed
10/7 game incoming boys! 
I know we're wearing the throwback on the 2/28 game.


:(
God dammit. I thought I could come here to escape the news about Kawhi. Fuck all of you.
Hawks should pick him up for the season. Even tho he can’t play at least he’ll get a ring.  
Wtf I'm with Jeb! now. 
Sadly I don't think there's a realistic way J³ falls to the teens barring Injury.

That front court duo with Collins would legitimately be disgusting tho, if he falls into the 6-10 range and we already drafted Luka it's hard to say that I would be completely against trading someone besides JC to make that happen
Not better than Killian Tillie.
Yes.. it would be tough to grab him but i’m hoping his stocks falls a little bit. Prayers up 
^^^^^^^^^culture ^^^^^^^^^2 ^^^^^^^^^was ^^^^^^^^^bad
if i ever get a credit card ill let ya know
> Ivan Johnson also had crazy dunks and look at him now


I'm sorry, what are you saying?
Fucking nasty bud
What the fuck
oh he's a real dirty bad boy
Collins was throwing down so hard it would start shaking in fear before the dunk.

> but he's a backup everywhere else. 

hard disagree.
Get this guy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpnB63lNovc
Get rid of bad contracts (Bazemore and Plumlee) 
Sign some above average players with all our money we're sitting on.
wtf is that thumbnail my god u guys
And prince looks lost outside bud unniversity :(
It's hard being a Hawks fan all the way in the Carribean.
Bless your heart, that’s terrible 
Not that there's anything wrong with that
marketing, which is bad enough but i also specialized in arts and culture management just to make it harder for myself
Film for me! Except I didn't even go to a film school. Went to community college for only two years so I basically fucked myself. But it's like a drug I have to have...


You shoulda specialized in shitpost management instead
Marvin Bagleys game is outdated


His college statistics highly inflated


No rim protection no shooting


So please stop the recruiting


Unless you want to get jebaited


Credit goes to u/3pol
No box score for post game threads? SMH
He’s like a poor mans cj mccollum imo.
But not as dumb
Schlenk saw Doncic live and decided stopped fucking around
We're going to compete so hard
Oh that's my bad, when I looked at their schedule Feb 1 came up first down the list.
Fake news!
Wait is this kid's meme status reinstated? I've been seeing him around again a lot lately, I thought he was a dead meme.
I’m not sure. I’m always late to the meme party. 
Marvin Bagleys game is outdated 

His college statistics highly inflated

No rim protection no shooting

So please stop the recruiting

Unless you want to get jebaited
I too base all my NBA management decisions off of how wet my teams jumpers look in 2K
 >Wet ass jumper

Does he at least wipe?
a haiku is 5/7/5 tho and this is 5/7/4 so it's wrong
Obviously a Celtics fan who was in the wrong stadium
I mean the Kings had Boogie until last year and were a consistently top 10 worst team. Hell, even the the KLove Timberwolves were a top 10 worst team for about 3 years.
Ah fucking Blake with that last second three, 115-118, my bad. 
fucking dedmon
I have a signed game worn Snek Jersey. Don’t tell anyone I still wear it
MPJ or Ayton. Anyone else id be pretty disappointed 
If Doncic is off the board I'd at least consider taking him. 
That is so difficult to say.
I'm sorry, but our ice cream machine is broken.
you merely adopted the meme, [I](https://i.imgur.com/PZLlo8m.jpg) was born undefeated, molded by it, i didnt see a loss until i was already a man, by then it was nothing to me
Does that mean a trebuchet could throw the heaviest wolf ever over 300 meters? 
oof sorry m80
Are you though? Or do you like feeling like a dirty karma whore? 😐
I'm a dirty karma whore 💦💦💦😩😩
can he even shoot three's? I'm not able to any hawks games because I don't get fOX SPORTS SOUTH FROM MY TV PROVIDER....BUT I CAN WATCH THE FUCKIN BULL'S NO PROBLEM...BS IF YOU ASK ME
Belli belli :(
I am both sad and disappointed and sad and fatherless now
Secret agent Korver has been fully assimilated by Cleveland.  Abort mission.
This will probably be the cheapest Cavs game of the year.
Goin too hard in the paint!
"That was a disgusting act!" -Joe Buck
What the literal fuck man
I'm not understanding. Why in the fucking world did we just give up a second round pick for Sheldon Mac. 
Teams were eager to shed bad contracts. The problem is we can't commit to bad contracts now. If the cap space crunch is coming the value of swallowing bad contracts will go up.
Teams are still thinking they can get out of their bad situation for nothing.
Cap space could be more valuable in the future than the assets we would have got for trading our players and swallowing bad contracts along the way.
fucking stupid Schlenk
goddam this is so sad
I can get behind tits
Per Chris Miller: [Wizards trade Sheldon Mac to Atlanta for a protected second round pick. This moves frees up a roster spot and cash (for Washington)](https://twitter.com/cmillsnbcs/status/961691025986260992)

Per Michael Cunningham: [Hawks also plan to waive Mac after acquiring him from Wiz, leaving roster at 14. ATL sent heavily-protected 2nd rd pick and cash to WAS.](https://twitter.com/MCunninghamAJC/status/961694110687121409)
Nique wasn't fucking up Shelvin Mack's name all those years, he was just a prophet of what was to come
We get worse for the tank
We got a guy with a broken foot...
Couldn't move just one of Ersan, Marco, or Dewayne? Really lame.
At least start playing John Collins 30 minutes a game.
what the fuck travis >:(
:(
bad bot don't sass me 
Are you counting secret agent Korver? 
Wait you have heard about buying about Dedmon which I've read nothing about but you missed us literally leaving Belli home for tonights game because we're trying to trade him?
Per Michael Cunningham: [Hawks plan to waive Okaro White after acquiring him from Heat in trade for Luke Babbitt.
](https://twitter.com/MCunninghamAJC/status/961682009960730624)
Why do we keep trading away players for worse talent and at least not getting picks out of it? We did this with Dwight too. Like I get that it helps the tank but still 
who the fuck is that either way
White has some potential and just a favour to Luke instead of imprisoning Babbitt on the bench on an awful team
it's not even the same one either :'(
No good. We'd lose all our depth.
Every team loses in this trade. What a deal.
Only an idiot would take Giannis over Plumlee 
Know that Indiana swindled our Teagues illegally and should be booed mercilessly. Other than that just enjoy the game, although we'd appreciate if you ran onto the court if the game was close and a Hawk was about to score.
Being a guest in your city I hereby promise to boo the Pacers mercilessly.
I mean... Well played Grizzlies! This team would lose to European teams. I feel sorry for Gasol though.
oh no my poor thread :(

but seriously were we supposed to win this game
I don't think anyone bites on Dedmon or Plumlee because of their contracts. Hopefully (sadly) Baze will get picked up.
If someone gets injured or we need an excuse to blow a lead we could always play him a little. Or just use him  to fill out garbage time. 

We waive him as soon as we need a roster spot or he starts to be bad for the locker room. 
Collins you bad bad man. 
Grizzlies are outtanking us. pathetic
Plumlee is pathetic
Maybe I read his stat line wrong, but I think he is averaging 15 ppg, 10 apg and 2 spg in the GLeague
Kinda weird they got no all-stars though, was hoping to see mini bud in there
Look I’ll give anyone any player for a bag of chips if it makes the team worse 
We can give you Jerryd Bayless. He's worse than a bag of chips because you can atleast eat the chips.
yeah amazon is bad as hell
Nah fuck that
if you wanna make a comeback i can start randomly assigning it to people
No that’s a horrible trade for us, this team is building around prince Collins and Dennis as the core. Trading prince for a 24th pick just isn’t worth it. The east is so bad right now even if lebron left this off-season they still could make it to the playoffs. If we are trading prince it has to be for a lottery pick. 
I've seen it pointed out a few times that we're a bit past the length of an NCAA season in terms of games. So if rookies from college were conditioned to play under that schedule, this is about the "end of the season" for them.
What? Bazemore's horrible contract is evolving!
I know so I don't see why it should be downvoted, it's been happening a bunch lately and unless the comments are like mean or really unnecessary I don't see why.
SECRET AGENT TIMMY ACTIVATED
*CAW FUCKING CAW*
You can’t convince me THJ didn’t throw this game 
That was a weird mix of actual NBA action and terrible bloopers. THJ still a hawk in his heart. 

gg
What a crazy fourth quarter
Ersan being out might mean Schlenky has been up to something already
If you only see Bud at the games don't forget he suffers from resting "WTF REFS?!" Face. He's really not as stressed as he looks.

like 12 bucks at least
Dantanna's in the CNN Center before the game for food.
Uber/Lyft to game, walk to Park Bar after the game and have a drink, get a ride back from there.
We'll also have the cap space to sign them both, and not sure if two years if firsts classifies as "all" our firsts.
I knew our defense was bad but...
fuck snek
Three little words: "Fuck the Celtics"
you shut your dirty mouth.

edit: sry but Dennis is my bby dont trade him
They regretted not inviting Nique his rookie year too. Idiots. 
it's all a vapid whirlpool of nothing my man
TL;DR- 

Fuck the Celtics

Fuck the Snek

The Earth is round

Marcus Morris eats ass 
And FUCK Greg Monroe 
im gonna spam this on /r/nba when someone hits me with that annoying shit again
Yeah fuck that cultural appropriation after shitting on this sub for being mad at Delly diving at Kyle's knees. Culture vultures 
Fake news
[didn't read it but checked this so bad article](https://i.imgur.com/iXaz1EP.png)
Why do we hate dwight we dicked him over

Nothing he can say will be worse than sending him to the Hornets
>was such a poor teammate the locker room reportedly cheered at the announcement of his trade. He dicked us a little

Alright well this has been denied by practically every hawk and they also voted him teammate of the year and were all like joking around with him before the game yesterday
I hated on bazemore a lot last year, he has proved me wrong this season. But how about that John Collins dunk?
Sick
That's a sick dunk bro!
I like how the video description inexplicably mentions by name every team in the NBA.
yes i am youu imbecile. you fucking moron"
I’ll take it, unless game is tonight then I can’t make t.
That fucking yam
Jeeze that team makes some bad decisions in FA
There’s no way we dump a bad contract and get an asset in return. If we want to get rid of Plumlee, we’ll have to give up one of our picks. 
No way! Two one year deals to get you off of an awful awful contract? They are the ones who benefit more from this I’d say. They get spacing now to help make the playoffs, and money next year to help bring Boogie back with the actual help from the wings 
My bad fam. I want their pick.
He didn't do us wrong, I have no qualms with shoulder dad
No cheer, no boo, just awkward silence.
How is this a question? He did nothing wrong, said nothing bad. 
Duh, we ALL already knew this.
I would like to hire you to help me with my investigation into the infamous Hawkspiracy of 2017
wtf tillian killie yourself
I am not enjoying this
They have one less game played then us so we're practically tied.
Which is weird since we’re undefeated... 🤨
That was awesome...they should do this every game.
Secret agent Jeffrey Teague seems to be a year late with his sabotagery, doesn't he know we're R E T O O L I N G 
Secret agent Teague tho 👀
Is Teague secretly still playing for the hawks? 
wtf
Didn't do bad. 3/3 and 6 rebounds 
That block right there was nasty by Baze

Schroeder has been ass cheeks lately. 
The ticket "convenience" fees are insane though
fuck it, trade the pick for Jeff Teague again and call it a day
What does BLOB and SLOB mean?
That was some non competitive really hard to watch bullshit. Might be the worst defense I have ever seen us play.  Bud must be tearing his fucking hair out. 

P.s. Trae young won't save us. 
You spelled Ayton wrong 
I disagree. It is all contingent on who they draft. They may draft a stinker, it really is impossible to know. I'm really not sure if anyone on the Hawks right now is a core piece for a championship team.
I have no issues with IT and hope he gets back on track. No reason to even be salty since we gave the Celtics the business while he was there. I'd rather double up the hate on Delly. 
Him being picked over Andre Drummond is ridiculous though.

Horford averages 13.4 points, 7.9 boards, 5.2 assists. Drummond averages 14.6 pts, 15.2 boards, 3.8 assists.
Give me Trae Young over Bagley but I wouldn't be mad if we drafted Bagley #5
YAHHH GORTAT TAKE THAT YA UGLY BOI
Hey as long as he can do that in a game, he’s a lob machine
No more "got emmm"? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
What do you mean no?
I still like him :/
Man I hate to think about him now with how far he's fallen, rip mook
Does this mean we’re no longer undefeated
yes meme is officially dead please spread the word on /r/nba since i'm getting real sick of it.
Guy who wrote this article is an idiot. 
Doesn't he do this every game?
It was the least silver could do after snubbing miles plumlee from the all-star game
hell ye plumdog forever. 

also memes aside i hate watching plumlee so much he's fucking so bad and it physically hurts me. 
FUCK NO. DONCIC 
I read the title and thought it was stupid but it’s possible to get him. The question is if we should get him. What do you guys think?
Finally we agree on something. Stay away from Aldridge you bastards already took Deadman and Belly and turned them into chicken noodle soup 
Oh that poor man...
Deal him. Guy sucks
“Hawks” “Fuck” “Shit”

Yep this checks out.
My worst comment is me telling people to stop taking beer pong too seriously 
My worst comment is when I said G to disrupt a chain of f’s
yeah but you put like effort and research in your posts so that's not fair. 
That's very sad to hear. Gone too soon. :( Thanks for that info
We're gonna fuck around and end up with the 4th pick. Fuck.
Tyler Dorsey had to TURN ME THE FUCK UP
why is this sub so fucking dead:(
Schlenk to Bud: "Sorry, Bud, but we're bringing in the closer."

*Camera pans to a smiling Jason Kidd. Coach Bud shows his patented Bud face.*
Finish with worst record you are guaranteed top 4 pick.

Finish with 4th worst record its under 50% chance of having a top 4 pick.
Weird, you'd think they'd want a guy who was known for his shooting
I feel like im taking crazy pills ayton seems to be a distant 3rd or 4th in preference in this subreddit yet almost everyone else has him at #1 and as you said its not even close
I mean it is close seeing as a lot of mocks have Doncic at 1. You can acknowledge both are amazing and still have a preference. It doesn't have to be TERRIBLE SLOW EURO BUST or BIG MAN THAT DOESNT HAVE A FEEL FOR THE GAME BUST
:(
He takes his threes from the NBA line or farther at least half the time 
It's not that I'm afraid of the injury. I don't like the fact that there's no tape on him playing against college players
Might go to this game. I’ve been wanting to check out Donovan “Donovan Mitchell”Mitchell. 
omg plumlee why are you taking running hook shots just set picks and pass the ball when you get it you big useless moron
Seriously? Damn. 
This was not about a 7'0" man named Deanrde Ayton and for that reason you are wrong sir 
If we draft him over Ayton we will be regretting it for the next decade or so. There isn't a wrong pick for first in this draft, but Ayton is a generational talent who's physique is absolutely insane for a 7 footer. You can't teach that.

Oh, and also, there's no guarantee we will get first in the draft and knowing atlanta's sports luck we will probably get the worst pick we can possibly get.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cnxSx0p85M&t=6s  Luka destroying some defensive players!
Sorry but I like the unis
I like the colors, but I'm not a huge fan of the triangles.
That wasn't the one game when we played Cleveland in the ECF. That was on Dominique night a few months prior when we won by like 10
Not a Hawks fan, was just visiting this sub and wanted to say that Instagram link of John Collins is wrong.
I fuck with these the long way
Hope I wasn’t late posting this game thread
is miles plumlee the worst starter in the nba? my sources say yes
hooOOO BAby this is getting hard to watch 😂 😂 😂 👌 👌 👌 💯 💯 💯 
Hawks. Fuck. Ducks. 
a little late but all 12 of us forgive you
We have a small fanbase already and being a terrible team doesn't exacly garner much interest in the games.
Is it really that bad? You get Belinelli this year without giving up any picks, you get 3 million in cap space 2019, and you sacrifice 3 million in cap space 2020. 
Belinelli is not good at basketball either my friend
He's extremely bad
Hang out after the show. OME hangs out around the venue and if you know the secret word he'll teach you the handshake
ya but they are both known for tanking =(
Hawks are to Tanks as Falcons are to chokes. :- (
Who’s behind Ersan?
The "I can't believe people want to trade Dennis" people need to appreciate just how awful he is on defense.
Because minutes. Bembry's OBPM (which feeds into TPA) is fucking awful (-7.2). Prince's isn't nearly as bad (-1.7), but he's played a lot more minutes.
Why can’t Collins play the 4? Does every power forward in this league have to be a stretch 4? What would be wrong with Ayton at Center and JC at the 4?
Doing home work sorry. Didn’t proofread. 
First time I've ever seen the upper decks at Phillips Arena completely empty. Also, they're stingy af with the concessions. Ordered the chicken finger basket to find out it only comes with two chicken fingers? wtf?
Y’all need to get Trae Young. Y’all have too much talent to be the worst team anyway. What’s going on?
Crazy how people thought we were tanking this year.
If only I saw this earlier. :(
:( 
Game. Blouses 
It's a fucking 3 point game with hox ball get hype gentlemen
Wtf I wake up we up by one with two seconds left what is this 
Nahhh not TP. The nets aren’t bad enough
Hope you mean suck less
Yeah we were obviously going to be a bad team so these details are heavily negotiated otherwise why would Ersan and Dedmon want to sign with us instead of playoff teams?
I too sir hate every Boston sports team. But where is this coming from I didn’t even mention them once in this post. Elighten me 
I don’t get know korver could fuck himself, but I would pay to watch.
automod is being weird but here's some advice it should've given you:

Looking for ticket buying advice? Check out our [Ticket Buying Guide
](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/wiki/tickets)
Remember when buying tickets to please practice caution and use the proper channels (StubHub, TM, etc.). We at r/AtlantaHawks don't want you to get scammed! If you believe this to be a scam or spam please report it or message the moderators with the link below.

How'd they get tickets to the game!?
That mere fact that you call it pop pop tells me you’re not ready. 
That was a painfully awkward interview 
What a terrible call
I wouldn’t do anything to make the ~~Gestapo~~ mods mad.
"Awful" image... 
Well, there are plenty of close games that could have gone south if it wasn't for Plumlee's and Babbitt's stupidi.... I mean talent. 
I don’t think Ersan goes but then again I might be wrong
What does two way contract mean? Like will he play hawks game anytime soon?
fuck em all
ey fuck u
I have a sneaky suspicion that he’ll be a bust. I just get a bad feeling that he’s like Jimmer in a way. But im worried that Travis will draft him because of the Curry comparisons.
Not op, but from literally one game highlights I saw from him, he forces it like crazy 
Reposting buds explanation: 

>In the post game presser bud said the play was designed as an option for Dennis to either take it to the hole and then we foul them with time left or sling it to muscala in the corner.

> The problem came when moose drew the extra defender and the ref was trying to figure out which bar in Buckhead he was gonna go to after the game and called a panic traveling foul after he realized the game was still going on
They are desperate because they know they are so far behind us
Why you mad tho? #celticsnation 
9 COMMENTS IN AN HOUR IN YOUR POST GAME THREAD AND YOU COME HERE LMFAO
I mean I just like bread
As a fellow Collins fantasy owner and believer, this is maddening to see. The guy is an up and coming player and hes getting dicked around. Plumlee? Muscala? Getting minutes over this guy is laughable. Hawks fans how are you not up in arms over this? I might make a trip down to the ATL to go yell in coach Buds ear to play this fool. Get it together Hawks. You done messed up.
Out of necessity too. Schroder behind Teague and prince behind sefolosha/baze.
What does my fantasy team have to do with this? Did I make any fantasy comment? C'mon, seriously? I think the process works with Markkanen as well for example that gets heavy mins in a tanking team. Anyway I don't see any point continuing this debate, you are some hardcore fan or something so you don't take no for an answer.
In the post game presser bud said the play was designed as an option for Dennis to either take it to the hole and then we foul them with time left or sling it to muscala in the corner.

 The problem came when moose drew the extra defender and the ref was trying to figure out which bar in Buckhead he was gonna go to after the game and called a panic traveling foul after he realized the game was still going on
Kudos to the Hawks for not giving up. They always play teams tough. There is no quitting in these guys.
I just wanna see John get 30 mins and thrive :/
Accusing nique of going for 3s? That’s almost as bad as overpassing
Damn:(
He's averaging a whopping 2.2 fewer minutes per game [after the injury (20.9)](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/c/collijo01/gamelog/2018/#22-35-sum:pgl_basic) than [before (23.1)](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/c/collijo01/gamelog/2018/#1-21-sum:pgl_basic), not including tonight's game. Hardly what I would call 'suddenly not playing anymore'.
FUCK NO. Tristan Thompson must’ve had the cavs office at gun point for that contract. We already have d money and bumlee 
Yeah i mean he doesn't pass or rebound or run the point at all and is terrible at all of those amirite? 

Once again, do more research before coming on here and spouting ignorance
 Well I'm hard.
I need you guys to step up your shitposting game cause damn I've had to remove a lot of low-effort stuff this week it's unbelievable. 
They had similar issues with Simmons and Embiid and they are now stars. Fultz must be still expensive for any team to get, really expensive.
Damn late 20s isnt what I was hoping for. Was hoping for two lottery picks. 
Uhhh if you mean replace Bud with Kidd that's the worst take I've ever heard.
I mean, at least we didn't blow a 3-1 lead in the Finals
You say that like it's a bad thing
Poor Brad Tho...LOHAWKS 😢
I heard that the Andersons got tickets to the game at NBAtickets.com
“Your Dad’s a genius.
Honey, grab the keys...we’re going to the game.”

A little bit less!  These were $144 whereas the one from yesterday in 119 was $166!

What time would you recommend getting there for?
Bumlee is past the point of saving already unfortunately
Doncic is like 6'8 so and his biggest downside is his speed and athleticism, he'd be worse at defending PG's than Dennis is. He might be an SF in the NBA but you could do a Ben Simmons style Point Forward thing with him I guess.
Look at that +/- splits of Schroeder. Definition of a fucking leader.
he's hard to sell after not playing for 2 months
Bed game HYPE
TIE GAME HOX

EDIT: HOX LEAD WITH 8:30 IN THE 4TH!
So frustrating!
In the past month he's got
Dec 14 20 min
Dec 15 24 min
Dec 22 27min
Dec 23 20min
Dec 29 21min
Dec30 25min
Malcom Delaney is balling out wtf
We aren't tanking, we just bad.
This thread is very sad
I still vaguely like Lonzo, but fuck Lonzo.
Is it serious?
Maybe when he retires.. As of now, he's no man, he filthy snek
Damn this fan base really is petty asf
The scheduling for this west coast trip seems pretty unfair. Playing tonight in Portland and then having an NFL playoff game tomorrow. I don't see the Cavs having to deal with this.
10 o'clock game fuckin hell
32% field goal percentage is honestly pathetic.
Fuck dude, it made me feel terrible how sad bud looked. You can tell this retooling process is killing him  man
I shoot photos for high school sports, and yesterday I had to do a 9th grade girls game. They scored 2 points by halftime. On free throws. On 2/4 shooting.

You think the hawks are bad? You haven't seen bad
Sorry homies I was talking about Dennis ✌🏻
where the fuck this meme come from
You're disappointed we lost? Why?
Naw.  Let the kid rest a bit this year.  He's a rook and has a long career ahead of him.  Let him ball with 30 mins a game when the Hawks are in contention.
The tank commander should be playing 48 minutes a game
HOLY SHIT FUCK YES
This is going to go down as the game of the century.
The way we are playing no one is going to want to play for us. I'm starting to follow other sports now because the Lakers are depressing the hell out of me. 
You may have meant u/koorob instead of U/koorob.
 
 ---------------------------------------
 
^^^Remember, *^^OP ^^^may ^^^have ^^ninja-edited.* ^^I ^^correct ^^subreddit ^^^and ^^user ^^links ^^with ^^^a ^^capital ^^R ^^^or ^^U, ^^^which ^^are ^^^usually ^^unusable. 
 
 ^^**-Srikar**
Unfortunately, it looks like the Braves will be done with their retooling while remaining competitive before the Hawks.
Not Doncic. He's too slow, and unathletic. Dude will get exposed in the NBA.

https://twitter.com/ChrisSchmidt27/status/930832287050190849
The Mavs win was terrible. Gonna look really bad come lottery time. I don't think we finish the season with the worst record. I see us finishing 3rd unless we get trash Bazemore back or we just chuck every game. Bud is coaching way too well. We need to send him on a lonh vacation so we can have him come playoff time.
His midrange game is hnnnnnngg
I absolutely agree 100%. The people who want Trae Young over this man are insane. 
I'd say he just hit free agency at the right time, but even with that crazy summer's rush, that contract was outrageous.
Bud's sekrit strategy to play six guys at the same time didn't work sadly.
I want him so bad but I don't see anyway that we would take him
Do NOT pick fucking Doncic over this man
Fuck no
I’m sorry I’m not 106.
Fuck maybe
Picking Doncic ahead of Trae Young would be fucking retarded
Do you do anything but go to boards hating on Doncic? Did he fuck your sister or what?
fuck
I’m so confused by this exchange can you provide footnotes?
Did Bud say "fuck you" to a ref there at the end?
Bembry is awful and I have no idea why everyone talks him up

I have literally never seen him not suck
He’s very, very bad offensively.
He said "Why would you watch the Hawks" and usually I'd be salty but quite frankly I can't blame him.
I ask myself this three times every game this season
How the fuck are these fouls not getting called 
Illy wtf was that?
jurassic stupid chickens vs supercool birds of prey
I mean I can just mod-abuse and remove it
Mods are slowly turning into Thrash
It’s weird that’s there’s only been 6 triple doubles in EuroLeague since 1991. What’s the deal?
Not sure why this is here. 
That explains why wall had terrible stats! 
Boooo that’s a bad idea
I have comcast xfinity and told my remote to find atlanta hawks game and it said it couldn't find it and instead recommended the Dr. Oz show
Fuck the Wizards
I am undefeated all time going to hawks game and I was there tonight... 
Stop going to games


Conversely, go to every single game
Didn't do a whole lot of flexing and talkin' shit this game. weird.
> Once he’s a lock down defender

What reason do we have to think that will ever happen? He's one of the worst defenders in the league, and his trajectory is downward. 
I miss the old Steve Smith uniforms, those are my all time favorites. I personally hate the new uniforms that the Hawks have. Neon sucks in my opinion.

https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a0/3c/b0/a03cb0eac358212e75e2ec171ea30fe7.jpg
Meh. Jealous of teams like the Nuggets, Bucks, Warriors, Philly, King’s, and Heat; but at least ours aren’t as cringy as the the Jazz, Spurs, or OKC.
The Spurs camo one is pretty awful to. I get them wanting to honor the military but it just looks bad. 
Game thread? At 5AM? 
Yeah wtf is a panther
I'm all for the clever game threads but in the future please add the actual team names + tip off time to the end of the post title! 

(so: (Game thread) Your Atlanta birds take on a team with a concept that we have yet to conceive of on this planet. Hawks - Wizards 7:30PM ET)
Fucking Steve.
Not your fault man, don't put it on yourself. Steve sounds like a cunt, and you should be lucky your mom and him separated before he got violent with her or you or anyone else.
That sounds fanastic.  Do they do any board sports there I hear some of the things they do down there in water can be pretty terrifying.
Not many surfers, but we do have divers. Though diving has decreased a bit, due to a couple of divers almost drowning.
alright so how do we get him to go to every game.
The one game we needed to lose. 
I hate rooting for us to lose but damn...
I'd honestly be disappointed if he doesn't get it
It'll be tough but it's still doable 
This Steve Kyler guy sounds like a real moron
Tank vs Tank, I mean Retooling While Remaining Competitive vs Tank.
I missed the game. What were the bad calls?
Is it bad i want to keep BeliBoy now?
Really bad call late in the game on Bazemore when Melo went up for a jumper, a lot of missed push offs on Russ and Steven Adams 
Pucks

(Cause those dirty northerners should stick to puckfucking)
Tragic
Sorry but where the fuck is the Cavanaugh flair? I've only come here to do two things: give upvotes and hype up #34. And I'm almost running out of upvotes. 
If you make it Ill add it to the sub
(if you cant dont worry ill do it this weekend im just lazy)
Imagine thinking the hawks are 7-24. That’s just the B.S. the lame stream media feeds you
7-24 FAKE NEWS.

You know it, I know it, everybody knows it!
Smelo

Small George 

Sussell Westbrook
This game thread is so ded
wtf Aaron Gordon is 22?  That dunk contest feels like it was 6 years ago.
I would but I'm on mobile and dumb
Sorry mate, was taking care of the fam today.

You know who else has a low arch shot?

Kyle fucking Korver.
Seriously though why can't I hold all these plums?!
Wtf!! http://www.goerie.com/sports/20161214/magic-purchase-bayhawks-leaving-erie-without-d-league-team-next-season
WRONG DECIMAL U EURO REEEEE
As soon as I hit submit I realized and knew I would get shit for that but didn't wanna bother to edit it anymore. Gonna start doing Game start times in these threads in GMT+1 from now on as well.
You can always “caw caw” during the game
Uh do you mean 2-0
I spend like six hours turning this in to a christmas sub so it's staying that for at least 2 years now.
I'm not stopping ya, but we have Game Threads
I get shocked every time he dunks 
I’m on mobile and I’m at work so I can’t see it.   
  
:( wanna reply with a screenshot?
What is his average chirps per game?
Could you fucking not?
Yeah what the fuck
But we have Schlenk now, and IMO he has not made a bad move yet.  Or should we have kept Timmy for the 70mil and gone for the 9th seed this year?
[In the words of the infamous Thrashfan whom I just ran into on the front page](https://imgur.com/a/6IYaM)
[In the words of the infamous Thrashfan whom I just ran into on the front page](https://imgur.com/a/6IYaM)
I'm a Grizzlies fan, and I agree that the refs were shocking.
Plumlee is so bad.. like worse than Splitter (during his tenure here) bad. I have no idea why this clown gets PT over Cavanaugh
Well that is frustrating.
DENNIS PULL UP THERE BOIIIII FUCK
I didn’t look at the stats, but just watching the game it looked like pistons got rebounds, and our shooting was a struggle.

Also, how tf do I get flair? I’ve never figured that out.
These are ugly as fuck
POR, ATL, SAC, ORL are sick
looks like bembry has a case of bazeitis. he's gotta tighten up that handle and slow down. he's forcing himself into bad situations
Uh, how can we go 22-60 if we're already 27-0? 538 is fake news.
Half a game up on the Bulls now.
SOME sports team? well fuck you too mate.
I mean no offense!
I'd agree the humour has been kinda lackluster lately.
At least he got the short shorts game down
Fun fact about this game: [Dennis Schroder > LeBron James](https://streamable.com/9garo)
fuck these refs
... Hawks will compete but ... the fourth, due to a  lack of any playmakers.   The worst skill on display with this team is -  passing. 

Now,  I don't know if the piss-poor passing is a result of not having any team chemistry coupled with terrible  handles or,   simply put:  these players are collectively devoid of a high basketball IQ.
Too bad we'll probably destroy the Cavs tonight.
Wtf when did Pau play for the Hawks
He is young, I think he can improve still. The problem is that where we should be seeing him step up, it seems he's getting worse on defense. He's shown he can defend (passably at least) in the past and now doesn't even make the effort anymore, that's a problem.
fucking FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK YOU MIKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
also a knicks fan lurking and im having a real hard time seeing that
he hasnt been in for the past 5-6 min late in the forth 
#WE WILL NOT BAZE LESS!!!!
We will not resign you unless you step your game up 
A Babbitt jersey would be slick too
Sorry. Just claimed. 
Did anyone else watching the stream see the drunk guy in the kiss cam video?
They've had staged kiss cam stuff for a couple seasons now. They're kinda painful to watch tbh
You think this isn't serious????
Ah sorry it's late over here, I understand now
smh everyone knows it’s a retarded pacman 
I just found out the Hawks logo is a Hawk. I thought it was a retarded Pac-Man.
I know but I was referencing the retarded Pac-Man and Tomato meme from like a week ago
Yeah there's no way they would randomly post that
Elfrid Payton's hair still makes me irrationally angry
I wanna be nervous every game
hello friends it's your hawks game thread for today, hawks game thread - let's go game thread
Plumee attempted the worst fucking reverse layup I have ever seen in that 1st quarter.
Cavanaugh is the man! I just hope this game starts to swing the other way soon
Why are you up posting game threads
*slowly raises hand*
If you're being serious I posted this a 2:30pm. Hardly a weird time to be up. 
Until we're both dead!
Why am I up reading game threads for the Atlanta Hawks basketball organization
Fuck they’ve (T-Mobile Tuesdays) been so bad lately that I just haven’t opened the app at all. Of course. 
I hate that peach tree hoops does that. It makes me think “oh we are scouting him” when really it’s just mock draft bs 
Tied to means you are seriously tied to. Like we were to Giannis when we promised we would draft him. This is a mock
> usually

looks like we got a backpfeifengesicht on our hands
That tank is from a game. It is called the pudel (like poodle)


I think JTB is telling us to slaughter dogs in his honor
so annoying
My bad, it was Nique.
[Am I crazy, or...](https://imgur.com/a/zYbxm)
wow poor you that sounds like a real hardship :(
Just wait until we roll-out our upcoming no more memes allowed policy. 
SCORING POINTS USUALLY HELPS US STAY COMPETITIVE
Harry's a fucking ninja
FAKE NEWS
whoops my bad
I think she might be retarded 
I usually lurk here but I couldn't pass up posting this
Don't forget that Dunc'd On mentions us at least once every few months, too!
Ah crap I just Plummed in my pants
Weird I see the Atlanta Hawks logo 
I thought that was a retarded orange for a second
GOD FUCKING DAMN IT! I WANT THAT FIRST OVERALL PICK SO BADLY
Oh I'm sure you guys'll have the worst record but there's still a lottery. 
What do the Hawks and my overwatch team have in common?

No tanks
Dennis- Tracer

Baze- Genji

JTB- Winston

Silly Illy - Dva

Prince - Mercy

Bembry - Lucio 
Doncic was trying to say “if you come round here with that weak shit I’ll beat your ass and set you on fire.”
Finding a match is tough though. The thunder maybe?
Yeah I agree man. I'm not a huge fan of pepe the frog either.
wish we could have had Silly Illy on that team and Pero on this one
Hawks is for the proletariat not the bourgeoisie scum
I thought it was much worse, let the man get a couple weeks off while we lock down the Eastern conference
Not great but imagine if it would've been a tear. 
Sad feelings encompass me.
Points leader of the game and nobody said shit about him.  Even at the half when the Cavs were down and he was still the scoring leader, NBA TV put together a highlight package during the Boston Philly game and it was nothing but Lebron and Wade.    Mad disrespect.  
Yeah and I'm not against memes or that meme in general (I mean, obviously, just see 80% of the shit i post) but it's just kinda grating when someone posts serious comments about the Hawks and all the reactions are just 'What are you talking about the Hawks aren't tanking' instead of actual responses. 

Also we aren't that terrible, if it wasn't for LeBron playing defense like it was a playoff game we could've beat the Cavs for the second time tonight. 

Ummm wtf cruel and unusual punishment is forbidden by the 8th amendment I'm no lawyer but u sir might have a case. Id call Ken Nugent ASAP
why everybody gotta take digs at my team like this :/
thank u for this but ur 8 days late 
i can't even be mad, it's insane to witness this undefeated hawks season
I wish I could watch him every game like I do for Bagley and Ayton. They’ve already grown on me
if i had to list 3 prospects for each pick

hawks pick: doncic/ayton/bagley

twolves pick: hachimura/vanderbilt/diallo

rockets pick: hands/allen/fernando - not sure if hands is coming out tho

FUCK NO
i feel bad for /u/f2phearthstoneplayer cause i told him to post here now he is part of meme history
yup i told him from there to post here

Guilty as Charged btw im not German
Those sleep areas look weird. Look like god damn space pods. 
Isolation rebuilding while being competitives, you mean. 
You mean the Mercedes Benz stadium? Biggest bird you'll ever see there. 
I will be at this game.  Going to try and get my cavaliers Mike dunleavy Jersey signed by korver. Wish me luck non-Germans!
Silly Ily 😝
You guys I think Andre might be an alcoholic
This should be a close game :/
looking forward to another competitive game
["Dewayne, you Ded?"  
"Yeah mon"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfb1fUTXCy0)

:(
he is, the implication of the tweet is that after getting ejected his last game and losing to us earlier he's gonna be mad as fuck and drop 200 on us probably.
He’s gonna be real mad when he drops 200 and still loses to the Atlanta Hawks
SAD. 
Do you mean u/koorob or “that annoying kooreb guy?”
It's tough to keep track at this point
Fuck oath cunt 
its actually the rockets pick we have unfortunately. the pick the clippers sent us is the one they received from houston when they traded for cp3
Not sure why u got downvoted
idk it looks like a retarded Pac-Man to me
All I see is a “fuck the Celtics” in symbolic logo form
Idk but something tells me whatever thing that picture is about retools hard as fucc
But if u eat tomato and look again it says fuck the saints rite?
Wait wtf is going on here? They played 3 on 5??
I played him in middle school and he put up 80 no I am not kidding I played on my middle schools B team and he fucked us. Alley Oops and shit he was crazy
I still want my Ayton, I hope the Rockets do bad so we can have their pick to select Sexton (although that's extremely unlikely).
He looks like Buddy Hield 2.0 id be very wary 
darn. I have a feeling we’ll be like 3-5 anyway, hopefully we can at least pick up sexton
Well we are the worst team in the league so there’s a very high chance we get 1-4 which is guaranteed to the team with the worst record. I’d like to see what Dennis could get us. 
3rd-5th pick idiot. surprised you still even remember me
No you said 5th seed you moron 
They won’t be the worst team in the playoffs. 20 or later is almost guaranteed if there aren’t injuries 
I said 5th seed but we’re talking picks here. Read the fucking conversation before you go off on something completely irrelevant 
What? I think I get what you’re trying to say. 

If you can read, yeah I do think we can get it. At first I thought we could get into the playoffs and then the Knicks took THJ from us, so then I altered my mindset a little.

Doesn’t matter now anyway, and I’m fucking creeped out that you still go through all these lengths to follow my account and comment about the same fucking topic
Very common in the cold war 
You guys got some serious dedication and coordination. +respect
bro doesn't realize we fucked up last night...
Poor guy in an illusion. 
Man, that was tough to watch. Didn't seem to be any synergy at all. 
And we still won. Hard to imagine how scary this team will be once everything begins to clicking.
"They weren't all Hakws fans" about the lil kids getting fed thanksgiving by bembry

how much of a little shit do you have to be to have an Atlanta hawk save your ass from starvation on thanksgiving and still root for the fucking Celtics
At the game.

Two letters to describe the game and the crowd tonight:

Ow.

Just left the game, that was painful boys.
Stupid people booing
I ALWAYS MISS THESE FUCKING THREADS. FML
The reality is that this will probably happen considering atlanta's sports luck... I remember we had the worst record in 2005 by 5 games, yet still got the second pick...
This seems flawed. They have our record all wrong. 
Fringe playoff team? Have you looked at the standings? They’re about as bad as their 6-12 record shows 
He could be an honorable mention but for some reason noone wantσ to talk about ATL.. Tilts me so hard.
It's a bad list.
Coach Bud basketball: purposely give the opposing team fake confidence in the 1st quarter then beat them silly the rest of the game. No wonder we're unbeatable.
The traffic is bad plus atlanta has lots of people from other cities that live here.
Who the fuck are Tyler Cavannaugh Luke Babbitt and Josh Magette and where did they find 3 NBA Allstars of the street
Hey everyone, I'm going to the game tonight. I haven't been to Philips since like 2009. Should I grab food before the game or eat at the stadium?
Before, when i went last year it was ridiculous expensive and basically bar food
All the things you’re saying are wrong are mental things. Fuck it. Bud tears his players down and builds them to what he likes anyway. 
except for that annoying kooreb guy
Sorry I meant who's your go to Turk, and why is it Ersan Ilyasova?
I ain't no gay
Hopefully nobody offers him an absurd contract when we need to resign him!
I want Ayton so bad
Can we just do this with John Collins and Dennis or something I don't care what Kent Brickmore or Moose's terrible man bun have to say I really don't. Scrubs. 
INB4 What the fuck is wrong with the Clippers?! They just lost to the fucking Hawks and they are officially the worst team in the league.

Should be a shit fest of a game. I think we execute well and Clips make plenty enough mistakes to hand us a win and continue their losing streak. 
Disappointing.
Seeing as Swedish is a Germanic language we sadly can not allow this on our subreddit. Please do not repeat this offense. 
45%, takes about one or two a game.
>I'm not sure if this is allowed, so if it isn't, just delete it.

hahahahhaa have you seen the posts here bro
How the fuck do the Spurs lose to a buncha Yugioh playin nerds 
I think he's just injured though, and even if he's cleared to play doesn't mean he's feeling 100%. Which, of course, could be a side affect of being 30.
Can confirm, we like to hate on him but dude has been putting it up defensively this year
Well if there's one thing we know about Baze, it's that he's got a bad attitude and a toxic personality. That Coach Bud guy seems like a bad influence too; we probably ought to kick him off the team.
They're angry because no team is giving them any competition
This game is payback for survivor and not making me a mod. Y’all a buncha nerdy ass yugioh playin bastards, and u took Belli and Deadman from me how fucking dare you. I’m gonna expose you all soon just watch.
What do you mean Bembry maybe back he played in the Cs game
looks terrible... i'm just waiting for our throwbacks to be unveiled.
I completely disagree with all of you. This is a sick looking jersey.
Dern I would buy the fuck outa that
No my name is Holly and I really miss Poet :(
Wtf, was that Malcolm Delaney 
Yes, but 20 pts in the G-League =/ 20 pts in the NBA. It'll be a while before he get minutes on the Hawks though, unless we trade Bellinelli.
Yo these post game threads are grinding my gears. Please just tell me who fucking won
I really hate Floppus Smart.  Why does he get calls?  The Refs should know hes flopping literally every time
Hawks has a bad cast but is competing with dignity.

Bazemore and Schröder are underrated.

Mainly Schöder doing well as a leader this season

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIBHRWPEChU
Well not really that Kings game
I hope we can package Plumlee and Bazemore. Some bad contracts need to leave 
i think they feel bad for his 33% layup percentage
Yeah my bad, I should’ve done that. If I ever make another I’ll include it 
Fuck the Celtics.  That is all
So much Green in the stands. Atlanta can be frustrating.
At least we're staying competitive 
I'm stayin up and getting drunk for the game so i'm about to shitpost my ass off.
When u accidentally make this post unstickied bc u can't read :/
FUCK THE CELTICS
I already hated Boston because of sports stuff and then my friend got stabbed there so despite never going there it is obviously the worst place in the world
This is a dumb thing to mention but Baynes' hair really does look stupid as hell
I’d rather the stadium be empty. So depressing. 
I also accept part of the blame for suggesting a consolidated Pregame Thread + Game Thread... maybe we should drop the "pregame thread" label altogether and just have regular game threads that happen to be posted several hours before the start of the game
Could do a [Game Day Thread] that has pre, game and post all combined, posted at pre game time
What would y'all think about consolidating the pre-game threads and the game threads together into one thread? The pre-game threads typically have fewer than ten comments, and the game threads often don't get posted at all, so what if we just made the pre-game threads the official game threads?
It wasn’t very expensive for a starter tbh. Especially at the time he signed it. He makes less than a lot of guys worse than him. And it would’ve been weird if he didn’t hang out with him since Bud was they were going to the same event 
Damn this is horrible.
This is a farce! I am not doing an ama

Dictated but not read,

Thrashfan
I'm not proud to say I'm banned from 
r/washingtonwizards and I was too drunk to remember why.
Dewayne Dedmon was fucking dominant. 90% shooting, 20/14/5 and a three? GOAT
Holy shit John Collins is nasty, after watching this game I wish we took him at 15 instead of Jackson 
there are still no highlights posted from our game, not even from DTB, we just won a game by 46 points 
We'll be a bottom 3 team by the end of the year. We are too functional of a franchise to have the worst team.
Nah, you did not. It was terrible. IMHO.
Shuttle loops suuuck. Not as hard as Boomerangs but still..

Dictated but not read,

Thrashfan
On slow days there would never be a line and sometimes the attendants wouldn't make us get off if we wanted to ride again.
Worse value for the Hawks: $40 mil to Plumlee for 3 seasons or $10k to 21 Savage for that performance?
Bud looks disgusted even after that dunk & three combo. 
I'm all for retooling but we haven't even won a home game yet this year, let's take this one and we'll just be tied for the bottom now
Prince instantly made up for the bad pass
Last time I've seen Kings getting killed this bad, Jeff Teague was called for a flagrant foul on Lebron
Baze might be on that lean too.. the fuck was that??
Is baze the actual worst basketball player? 
Is it weird that I never trust the Hawks to hold a lead?
That 21 Savage show was the worst performance I’ve seen watching a hawks game this year and that’s saying something 
Wrong Atlanta bird bro
I was wondering if it was as bad live as it sounded on the broadcast
Plot twist: The secret weapon turns out to be Tyler Cavanaugh
Literally the randomest subreddit to be active on. Rollercoasters L o fucking L
I haven't watched any of those movies but if it is about someone slowly and semi-sneakily deleting random parts of a subreddit until it becomes unusable then yes.

Edit: [For the people that missed this here is the final chapter of the Thrash-saga](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/comments/61x63k/thrash_has_attempted_to_destroy_the_sub_and_will/)
He was just trying to turn it into a roller coaster sub :(
Gonna be a real tough one.  Just gotta hope we contain Randolph to 40 or so and keep the undefeated streak alive.
Just saw the Kings dominate John Wall and the Wiz on their home court. They are going to be a tough challenge. Hopefully coach Bud will let Baze take 15-20 three pointers. We need this W. 
I want Bagley so bad.
We will obviously be retooling with the number 1 overall pick and those terrible rockets will be getting us he number 5 pick
To aid mobile users, I'll link small subreddits not yet linked in the comments

/r/AtlantaUnited: All Things Atlanta United!

---
^I ^am ^a ^bot ^| [^Mail ^BotOwner](http://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=DarkMio&subject=SmallSubBot%20Report) ^| ^To ^aid ^mobile ^users, ^I'll ^link ^small ^subreddits ^not ^yet ^linked ^in ^the ^comments ^| ^[Code](https://github.com/DarkMio/Massdrop-Reddit-Bot) ^| [^Ban](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=SmallSubBot&subject=SmallSubBot%20Report&message=ban%20/r/Subreddit) ^- [^Help](https://www.reddit.com/r/MassdropBot/wiki/index#wiki_banning_a_bot)
From what I saw that just shared similar posts to the other Atlanta sports subs since of course they have the same subscriber base. The game day threads and take my energy threads are from r/falcons for example. The pictures of people in gear I also saw a ton in r/falcons and r/braves. And the shit talking other teams is shared between all the subs.
They aren't a minor league team tho. And who cares what the Hawks did in St. Louis? That's not ours, it's St. Louis'. It's as lame as Braves fans who bring up their other championships in Boston and Milwaukee when you criticize how badly they underachieved in the WS during the 90's and 00's. Who gives a fuck? They weren't in Atlanta.
I recently saw a projection of Bamba that described his upside as "Rudy Gobert with a three-point shot" (EDIT: [here](https://www.theringer.com/nba/2017/11/13/16642064/nba-prospects-ncaa-college-basketball-2018)). If that's not Coach Bud's dream player I don't know what is.
I got baited hard
WE CALLED TIMEOUT WITH 1.5 SECONDS LEFT WTF
Me at the end: "Baze with the ball, game over"  *fumbles ball away*
Sum up the game with one word
Is Kent Bazemore one of the worst dribblers in the league? I feel anxiety any time he is moving with ball because I know there's a 50/50 chance it will just go flying from his hands for seemingly no reason
Baze has the ball at the end of the game = The tank is on!
"who needs a video review? fuck it you get what you get"- the officials 
fuck.
 All of them because we've won every game duh
Fuck not bazeeeee
fuck the mods
Wtf, why isn’t there an official game thread?
God damnit baze legit fucked his arm there. He might miss time
Mods are useless 
Ludabot died tho :(
The Ringer NBA Podcast is genuinely worse than one of Simmons' casual pods about the league. I don't like the two guys' opinions or personalities. I myself am struggling to find another quality basketball pod that's in the tier of Dunc'd On.
get the game thread up
Worst show on television 
We'd have to waive someone ourselves (rip brussino probably) but wouldn't be the worst move ever imo. 
>teenager



>MVP of the fucking euro league



You said it.
Worst basketball game of the season?
Anyone know where I can watch the game online if I'm in the Atlanta area? FOXSSE is locking me out. Tried nbastreams but none of the sites worked
John Wall faking an illness to get out of playing Dennis.  Sad!
Seriously he balled today. Also had 10 rebounds. 
This is painful to watch.

Edit: Noted Sharpshooter Dewayne Dedmon for Retool MVP
man fuck Reggie 'Locusts&Honey' Jackson. 
stupid bot, CAVANAUGH statsbot
[This game was electrifying.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNKC0FfTa5Q)

Edit: also a plug for that ridiculous Pero 3 against the Wizards.
[being in the crowd for this. It's too bad the game didn't end well because the whole game was hype and peaked at this moment](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=SRXLsbWVv2c) 
Other videos in this thread: [Watch Playlist &#9654;](http://subtletv.com/_r7c4ckd?feature=playlist)

VIDEO|COMMENT
-|-
[Mike Scott poster dunk over Ian Mahinmi: Pacers at Hawks, Game 6](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRXLsbWVv2c)|[+2](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/comments/7c4ckd/_/dpn4udl?context=10#dpn4udl) - being in the crowd for this. It's too bad the game didn't end well because the whole game was hype and peaked at this moment
[Hawks Fend Off Warriors in Battle of NBA's Best](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNKC0FfTa5Q)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/comments/7c4ckd/_/dpn5zzs?context=10#dpn5zzs) - This game was electrifying.
(1) [Al Horford Game Winner Putback  Game 5  Wizards vs Hawks  May 13, 2015  2015 NBA Playoffs](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kK8Q5cGa03w) (2) [Zaza Pachulia - Nothing Easy! Game 7 Baby!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ70BkPkANM)|[+1](https://www.reddit.com/r/AtlantaHawks/comments/7c4ckd/_/dpn6td6?context=10#dpn6td6) - It's a tie:  Pre-snek Horf's outback against the Wizards  He went beast-mode to grab that rebound.  Nothing Easy!!  Was there for it...fucking electric.
I'm a bot working hard to help Redditors find related videos to watch. I'll keep this updated as long as I can.
***
[Play All](http://subtletv.com/_r7c4ckd?feature=playlist&ftrlnk=1) | [Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/SubtleTV/wiki/mentioned_videos) | Get me on [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/mentioned-videos-for-redd/fiimkmdalmgffhibfdjnhljpnigcmohf) / [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/mentioned-videos-for-reddit)
Well then fuck you too Ludabot

Fuck bots bad bot good bot go fuck yourself bot
Moose had been out these past few games, it means 40 minutes of Babbitt and Collins still fouling out after 22
Secret Agent was pulled by /u/nighthawk3000, /u/bossaholc2002, /u/jamestranoll, /u/haroldmark_98, and /u/wildhairguy
Literally unplayable now
That’s a bit of a weird request but anyway here you are. [I think this is what you’re looking for.](http://assets.kraftfoods.com/ecomm/kraft-recipes/product-image/640x428/440_00021000038749.jpg) 
As your lawyer please do not answer any of the questions these mere peasants ask.
wouldn't even be shocked if we ended up with the 15th pick lmfao 
5 Fingers of Musky Death sounds like a horrible porno
Nice....Not a bad first episode, you can tell the guys are still feeling their way thru it, but I expect their energy to pick up as they keep doing them. I'll def be listening. 
Retool so hard mofos tryna find us 
Is this why the Hawks seemed to play so often at McCamish Pavilion at the beginning of the season? (Just a very casual fan so they might have played less than I'm letting on)
I do.

https://twitter.com/saibaruuu/status/924095904323391488

https://twitter.com/saibaruuu/status/924758095687049218

As of the Celtics game, the Jumbotron is STILL broken like in the first tweet. I'm shocked.
Those INWEGO suite tix are always a little awkward.

C’s fan here, when the fuck did DeWayne Dedmon start shooting/hitting 3s? 
But Baze is our 70 million double dollar man! Earning that contract one wild pass and idiotic drive at a time!
God I can't express how much I hate Marcus Smart.
tanking is hard when Coach Bud is coach
What a terrible quarter for John Collins. Couldn't hang on to the ball, got abused on defense and picked up 3 fouls. Fell flat on his face too.
Dedmon playing hard tonight. Malcom clutch as fuck though
People will never take Babbit seriously because of his name but he is a legit rotational player
I'm sad
Fuck you dedman
Don't be selfish
If he's as hard to get rid of as it seems, they should send us a pick with him
Completely agreed. I don't think he would be a bad pickup, but not our rebuild guy
It is so fucking lit fam
You can do that?

I’ve never been to an NBA game so I wouldn’t know
fuck snek. all i gotta say.
DAS ILLEGAL 
They should at least respect the undefeated team though...
Isaiah Taylor knows how to tank.  

Rest of the team disappointing.
Can’t believe we lost this game. Smh
And y'all thought the sub squad miracle from last season was weird...
Don't start playing scared tank ball now. Fuck
ISAIAH FUCKING TAYLOR
IT is unreal. Gaining confidence every game
Get so sick of that crybaby shit
I mean I guess
Fuck yeah
He's learning everyday!
Sick (or bad) guy!
I have never experienced the bad customer service that I did with this company, ever before with any other company! I tried calling and could not get through to anyone, I tried the online chat and was told that I would be emailed and someone would get back to me and no one did. The cost of the tickets were 3x the price of the actual tickets and higher than sold anywhere else. Then they said they responded to me and I never once received a response and I never got the tickets before the concert and you still have not refund me my money!! The worst ticket sales company ever, They never contacted me back and lied to the credit card company and said they did. They do not have an accredited BBB account and have tons of bad reviews. They know I never received the tickets, I never got them and was never refunded and was almost $900
Fully expecting a beat down so bad they force the Astros to give their world series title to the Braves

82-0 here we come
Considering we haven't lost a single game yet, I'd say the playoffs are already in sight. 
Nah, it's tough, but we'll come out stronger for it. I'm just nervous that someone is going to screw up and fire Bud or something stupid like that.
> we suck

I don't know what team you are watching my friend...but I have never seen somebody say an 8-0 team "sucks"
Okafor would be awful in our system I think. He would either take Collins' minutes which is bad or would play next to Collins which would result in playing two bigs that can't defend which is extremely bad. 

Could we Hawks University him into a more rounded out player? Probably, but if we're going all in on Collins I wouldn't take that risk.
Run the Jewels told me to brutally overthrow Adam Silver and replace him with Coach Bud tho
They were swindled from us, sadly.
Doncic is awfully close to Cicada if spelled backwards. 
Can you guys slow down pls
Can’t believe we’ve already broken our 19 game streak from 2015. Thank u Josh Magette
he'd be awful in combination with Collins and we also shouldn't give him any of Collins' minutes. Awful fit in our system. 
He wanted to yam it so bad
That yam would have been sick
No, your card gets swept away by Lebron.  :(
:( 
:(
i remember why i stay away from the r/nba game threads, esp for Philly/toronto/boston
Let’s fuck these pussies up 
Baze has such a sloppy handle
Hellen Keller knows Collins is having a bad game
F L A G R A N T DO YOU KNOW WHAT DAT MEAN
Seriously, Moose. Pathetic
I swear to god john if you touch a 76ers player again I'm gonna buy a ticket just to smack you. Fuck defense. It's pointless. Just score homie. And make a god damn layup 
Scoring points usually helps
What is that supposed to mean?
It means we get a bigger sample size of just how annoying they really are
Well he's the only fun thing about Hawks basketball besides the memes. I hate watching basketball when he's not in, so this is so annoying 
>They are everything we aspire to be

except for the nauseatingly smug fanbase and injuries

^(i'm never getting over them getting extremely mad that millsap was an all-star over embiid last year)
>i'm never getting over them getting extremely mad that millsap was an all-star over embiid last year

Yeah, that was outrageous bullshit.  I remember trying to formulate an argument in a thread and just being like "you know, this is just bullshit."  
He stole my Gpa's soul tho :(
I remember reading snek was by far the worst big at getting to the line that year
YOU KEEP YOUR FUCKING FILTHY PAWS OFF DAD!
Some say we're holding him off as our secret weapon in game 4 of the NBA finals against Lebron.
Late to dis, can I join plz
Sorry we're out of print. All I have is a spare Nicolas Brussino.
:(
He's a draft and stash. Way too raw to get minutes.
Cause Bud felt bad about his son never having played in the NBA
These post game threads getting depressing.
after each game i watch The Baptist highlights. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zl_23iHFZT4
Our crowd turnout is actually not that bad. Especially from what I've seen looking around the league. We'll see how it holds up.
It started at 6:30 am over here in Australia :( 
Although all the other games are on during the day so I can't complain 
I just saw Josh Magette walking around midtown. Fucking legend.
On an unrelated note, it's cold as fuck. The weather people said that wasn't supposed to happen. We've been bamboozled
I just hope Dirty Delly doesn't try to injure another player on purpose
:(
I just simmed it 10 times and we only got the number 1 pick once :(

My worst fear is us going undefeated and somehow still not getting the number 1 pick.
It's crazy how well Babbitt is playing
Every time John Collins fails on a dunk an angel loses its wings.
I hate to blaspheme but ole Johnny boy looks bad tonight
Why is Collins playing like the ball is covered in butter. I HATE it
Somehow I don’t think I’ll be checking off the “you can’t go under on korver” box this game
wtf they're trying to feed us Cicadas?!

Don't eat DAD
Wtf isn’t this almost like cannibalism
He’s definitely taking that illegal police escort he uses all over town to the ceremony 
this is stupid
Baseball should be illegal anyway 
They didnt realize that we are retooling while remaining competitive *at getting the #1 pick*.

Poor bastards won't know what hit them.


It would be terrible if we lost a game. just awful.
Don't want to jinx it, but there is no way we lose a game this year.
Fucking United losing last night ugh
He got the outcome wrong though 
can you explain this meme for me please? usually am up to date but i dont know where it originated from
They haven’t given Collins either of his blocks on my fantasy league I’m not happy about it. 
Nah that would be insanely stupid.
Very dumb. I’d say he’s probably in the category of 10 least likely coaches to be axed this year. 
Fake news if you ask me i mean did we even check to see if jordan actually got those points maybe he payed for them
Knicks/Suns/other team that sucks fan here guys watch out for this guy watch out
I miss you Kyle :'( we should've paid him through the tank just to keep him around.
What is this a reference too? Sorry.
whatever man this shits boring anyways who cares
I miss you Pierre :/
People take this shit too seriously. There just trying to lighten up the mood.
That realisation hit me hard, why you gotta be like this mann
Hey hawks fans greek fan here coming in peace.Dorseys numbers seem disappointing has he been that bad for you? 
This is very typical for rookies. Especially given how thin he is for a PF. He'll grow into a serious presence a couple years from now.
We could even get weird and go full-on small ball with

Dennis - Doncic - Bembry - Prince - Collins


Can't go wrong with D. Bender.

Edit: grammar
Probably trying to ease him into the NBA playstyle with few minutes but increasing slowly. The minutes will come
He should 100% be starting at PF and Coach Bud is an idiot
#FUCK THE MODS
Holy fuck I’m so tired of Collins getting hacked
10 point game yo
A rookie is putting up Dwight Howard's Hawks numbers while playing 20 minutes a game 
Prince is chirping hard at Ellington😏
Malcolm Delaney is so unimaginably terrible. Literally what does he do
We are SOOOO bad that I can't even be mad because it's hilarious to watch. 
WHY IN THE FUCKING FUCK IS JOHN COLLINS NOT CLOSING OUT THIS GAME 
I think Marco may have the worst handles in hawks history 
He kept him off the court the entire game! He's in a fucking sports coat! Not tanking my ass 
Prince is attacking his countryman. I hope he doesn't hate Slovenians 
Bud you're so lame
1 upvote = 1 sad :(
sad squawk
No...Its too late to be saying that. The rest of us have known for a while now
Dennis just rolled his ankle folks.  Worst case scenario hes out a couple weeks as our quest to stay undefeated continues
I'm all for tanking but SORRY for Dennis...Hopefully it's nothing serious! This season is starting to become injury plagued :/
NBA anything online is a hot mess.  Their online brand ,  website, is on auto pilot since 2014.  Broken links, Teams aren't updated.  I mean,  c'mon ,  do they even have anyone monitoring this?  NBA channel is casually monochromatic also,  sometimes relying on guest appearances from the TnT crew.  
Not a good timeout, Bud
Noooooooooooooo. FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
: (
I picked the wrong fucking game to go to the pumpkin patch. Following on ESPN app blows.
Oh fuck I am so sorry.
We have got us a game my fellow non-Germans
Show some anger, Dedmon. 
well.. fuck

Prince does some really stupid shit. Play Dennis the rest of the game, and keep Prince on the bench.
Downvote, but look who Bud banished from the game after that play.
wtf is this dude talking about doesn't he know the Nets are tanking
Also you guys are allowed to just make game-threads, there's no rule that says mods have to do it - so if you don't see one before the game start, just create it.
What could go wrong?
Don’t you mean Selig? 
*Me in the first half*

You know.. maybe 8 seed isn't out of the question.

*Me now*

Michael Porter aint that bad.
WTF Is coach bud doing to this team were supposed to be tanking
So we *are* bad. Phew! I was worried after the Mavs game that we might not completely suck. This has relieved my fears slightly.
It took a game and a half for the Hawks to realize you’re supposed to *lose* when you’re tanking.
God dammit that quick shooting three misses in the third was the worst fucking thing I've ever seen. Fuck Luke Babbitt 
The mods have spoken and this is the game day thread!
WTF is this reffing
Musky having a real bad night 
Damn this is bad
Wtf is going on?
I'm so pissed! If we keep playing like this, we will get the 30th pick instead of the 1st! Not cool!
Had the Hawks +5.5 how the fuck does this happen
Hard not to when you gotta worry about getting brutally assaulted by Dwight (like he did 5 secs later) 😒
You can tell it's been pissing him off, dude is about to bring some holy mother fucking fire on somebody
Those people are stupid
#NO WHAT THE FUCK
Hope that helps him. It could also be that his legs aren’t as tired. 
https://www.instagram.com/p/BLR8BxHBXfj/

I miss this :'(
YEEEEEEEEES! WAKE THE FUCK UP BOYS! THE MILES PLUMLEE REVENGE TOUR STARTS TODAY (EVEN IF HE DOESN'T)
Probably not a good sign for the Hornets that [John the Baptist subsists on an all-bug diet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthew_3:4)
but what about the Cicadas :(
he was a product of our system imo. without bud there, he's going to revert to all his bad habits. ill give him a week or 2 before knicks fans start calling for his head
This had fucking layers 
Of course as the rank 1 eastern conference team, how could we be tanking
You think you have a serious post but then you remember your on r/atlantahawks.
*You think you have a serious post but then you see it's labeled shitpost.

FTFY
wtf why you looping 
Dirk is a mere scrub compared to Dennis and his greatness 
Bad form
I’m serious, look at [the box score](https://i.imgur.com/Omh1GgN.jpg). It wasn’t a joke. 
82-0
Impossible for the warriors...only improbable for us 
Fuck Michael Porter Jr! We dont need him!!...
If Shroder doesn't make the allstar game with Hayward and IT both out, we as Hawks fans should feel disgraced. 
FUCK
I'm not funny enough to be an active member of this sub, and I'm the funniest guy my grandma knows. :(
you mean "guaranteed" for us
You made me sad when you mentioned Timmy. Daddy left us :(
Destroyed us Finns in Eurobasket. Saw that coming, unfortunately our coaching stuff had dark glasses on their eyes.
They’re doing captains this year tho :/ 
Captains don't pick who make the game.
We didn't offer the guy a contract. And he balled hard for the Skwa for years. No reason to be booed. 
Anchor man =/= snek.  He would have stayed and continued to get hit in the face game in, game out for us.  No reason to boo a guy who didn't have a choice but to move on.
I like Horf daddy still; just hate our stepmom she’s a fucking bitch 
3 minutes into season before the first disgusted coach bud camera shot
If you can't handle Barnes at his shot clock violation you don't deserve him at his disappearing in the playoffs wait those are both bad
schroder my fucking father
I'm not gonna lie but it's hard to tank in the east Bois 
There's a joke there about tanking and Mark Cuban being on Shark Tank but I'm too lazy to figure out what it is
holy fuck JC just tried to euthanize the elderly 
Im addicted to tanking already. 
Feel bad for Hayward but...

CELTICS 0-2 UPVOTE PARTY STARTS HERE

DANNY AINGE TANKING??????
FUCK YES
It seems like every time they get the ball all of our players just run in different directions and panic like crazy.
Atlanta Modz who post game threads slightly late VS. Dallas Modz who may or may not post game threads in a timely manor 
Collins going to dad dick everyone this season.

I need that weird creepy reference in my life again after Millsap my daddy left.
Da fuck am I watching?
Does Baze know he sucks?
Dennis is getting fucking hacked
DEFEND THE FUCKING THREE

That face was scary tho
Bro don’t even put a question mark on the end of that statement. He already had the trophy presentation pre game 
Oh my god what ugly form Holy shit
That was officially a bad shot
not like it's mentioned every game or anything. I hope I learn it again the next game!!
My friends call me the poor mans JR Smith. 
25 shots per game
That guy flops sooo hard.
But we're trying to suck for some reason😢😢 coach bud never lets all these random people play in 1 game
are you seriously disrespecting Luke Babbitt like that? Wooooooooow
No, they are very rude. They have no manor. 
So at least 50 PPG?
Impossible 
14 points on 15 shots is not great. 
>  not taught me object permanence yet

That would mean that since you cannot see him he does not exist
Wtf is that thumbnail 
Fucking Perez...always being a nitwit
Its game day biiiiiiitch
in b4 Dedmon 20/20 game
Fuck Dirk. USA, USA, USA!!!!!
Hey will Collins start? Took him last round in fantasy and as an nc native i fuck with him a lot without knowing his usage with yall
It’s 8:40  why this game not on? 
damn why didn't i think of that i'm past my pre-game thread prime. 
FUCK DELLY
at least i won't have to shitpost all by myself now.
doubtful. 
Alright, alright... act like you been there. Seriously though, Chiney Ogwumike is smokin.
It’s gonna be so hard when one of Terry/Marcus has to leave :(
Bruh that dance at the end with the noodle arms had me weak 
Even the show acknowledged him as Scary Terry. 
This is why we traded IT, to save the Brinks truck for Scary Terry. 
"that other chick". Seriously bro?
He sells official scary terry merch
I mean kinda... How does he get the horror movie wrong though? I mean, I assume that was Jason and not Freddy? I say assume because **GOOD GOD ALL OF THEIR DRAWINGS WERE AWFUL**
Sixers don't stand a chance to get to 3. Embiid is out at least two weeks and Pacers have the tie breaker. If Cavs beat the Sixers they'll also have the tie breaker.
This is a bad idea because of injuries.
I think Rozier came on too late in the season to be in the conversation.
He SHOULD but I wonder if he will get docked because of games missed. I just want him to make All Defense at this point period. He's earned it the past 2 seasons alone.
rondo?! what the fuck
Probably Milwaukee. Their system and coaching are a complete mess... but GIANNIS!!! still makes me a little nervous. Miami is too craft for my taste, and D-Wade is still dirty AF and will probably try to ruin Jaylen's career with some bullshit. Let them play Toronto.
Playoffs KO is scary
I have terrible visions of Maple Dick turning his powers against us in the first round. 
Not sure if "Brow" is a typo or comparing to Anthony Davis...
Lose in the first round no, have a few ugly wins and a nasty loss or two, probably.
Unless curry suffers a major setback or reinjures himself during the playoffs, he'll be there. 
Quitter Talk is for the weak my man
I see where you’re going with it but calling illegal screens would ruin the NBA tbh. Horford always seems to be moving and pushing his hip into people so I’d rather them not call that🤷🏼‍♂️
Yeah but the fact the defender gets that call is ridiculous. How can you call a foul on a guy for being hip-checked?
Came here to mention this... "UHHHHHHH FOR GAME POINT"
he just needs to start passing the ball. 1.7 assists a game is no bueno. 
I'm from northern NJ, and I always felt an obligation to root for the knicks, but my dad hated Starks and the 90's team that was kinda thuggy. (David Robinson fan). I still sorta like the Knicks, but mostly Trey Burke and KP. 

I also added to that post, and holy shit Vyvanse is a hell of a drug. 
I think he should just solely shoot mid rangers. He has awful hands when it comes to finishing (excluding dunks) 
Think ur insane literally every baseline move he makes he uses the glass he’s a professional basketball player he’ll use the glass
This is a very odd take. 
Just remembered, the Olynyk/Beasley back to back 30 point games were painful... 
that lakers loss was really rough.  and was a bad time for people to have that game as their last memory of smart before he sliced his hand up.  that has to be the worst loss in my mind.
Oh yeah the Wizards Christmas should be up there. That was probably the angriest I felt after a game this season. 
That loss was so hard to watch.
I went to that game with 3 laker fans so the ride home was just as bad. I made all three of them ride home in the back seat together 
Sucks for Joel feel bad for him.  
Fuck there goes my fantasy season. Curry booker and embiid 
I like Chris Ryan until the Sixers inevitably come up and he becomes the absolute worst version of a homer. Sixer's fans talking about Ben Simmons makes me want die.
That dude is bad luck all around for himself and others
my post got auto deleted so ill post it here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffTPsEY1pwo&feature=youtu.be
Don't feel like searching for the article, but, not only was he doing crazy work-outs this summer. He literally was doing these work-outs while fasting. No food or water.
I hate when players post workout videos as if every single player in the NBA isn't also working out 
To get paid and not deal with the farce that is the NCAA.
Ahh thanks for the update. There’s a bunch of stupid rules 
I get what you're saying, but how was/could it be the wrong decision when it ended up being a game winner?

Rozier has been clutch AF, and I have every confidence that he would have made that shot, however Semi was in the huddles and on the sidelines. Maybe something in Semi's gut or instincts gave him confidence that hitting JB was the right decision. 

Brown hasn't gotten a ton of chances at game winners, but maybe he's every bit the silent assassin that Rozier is, and just hasn't been given the chance?
You're adding unnecessary qualifiers to my statement. Semi passed to Brown and he hit the shot is all that I'm saying. 
From AB to Scary to Shane I used to think we just got really active guards on the boards but I’m starting to think it’s Brad
Ah my bad, he had a deal with Barca but that was the one he left on the table to join Boston.
Ray can suck a bag of dicks for all I care. Dude needs to get the hell over it and move on. Any hate he gets is entirely his fault at this point
He's trying to vindicate his leaving. ...he's doing poorly. 
Fuck Ray Allen.
I don't know, but there's a reason that he left every team he played for (except for maybe the Heat, and even then he strung people along on whether he would play again) on bad terms.
Who cares? Its in the past. As bad as Danny burned IT, I forgive him. Because it just shows Danny will do anything for business and Ray didn't wanna be on the burner. So it's whatever, I'll forgive him, as well as ignore him because personally I'm done hearing about this.  
Him not knowing when P's ceremony was is a load of crap. That shit was plastered all over the media because of the whole IT Tribute video conflicting drama. 
He needs money that bad should of asked Rondo for that loan.
I'm not downvoting you, but that's still ridiculous.
guilty
Means I'm very much an impulsive idiot and I wish nobody else was. It's a problem I'm fighting mate
This 2018 NBA Playoffs first round match-up features in-your-face pull-up three pointers by a terrifying wraith of a shooter and heart-wrenching comebacks by a team with no regard for human life. PARENTAL DISCRETION IS ADVISED. TV-MA.
The list of teams they beat on this 4 game sweep includes the kings and the suns.  Those teams are terrible.  I'm not saying them winning all 4 is crap, but come on.  Its not like the Texas Triangle from 2007-2008.
Just cuz we know it doesn't mean we like it. At least he acknowledges it though.
Form is all wrong now.
get on the exercise bike, homie! Get that conditioning game going boiiiii
Gordon knows he'll have to earn his minutes. How crazy is that?
Maybe the prophecy is he returns game 7 of the finals when the series is tied 3 to 3
Brad: 

wEre LiStInG hIm As QuEsTiOnAbLe In ThE pLaYoFfS aS a "JoKe"
I miss seeing Ky on the court :(
Wrong again. 
Seriously, man. He's a 15th man who wouldn't be seeing any minutes if it weren't for all our injuries. Give him a break.
I mean, when your summer league squad can already beat their NBA squad, what's the point? 
Did they angrily kick us out?
That's hard to believe.
Merely a flesh wound!!
oh boy :( 
> He hasn't played basketball in 4 or 5 weeks


Literally played in a basketball game 18 days ago.
He may just be thinking back to the Houston game where this all flared up again and that was almost 4 weeks ago. After that game he sat against the Bulls, played in Minnesota, then left the Indy game to bring us where we are now.
You forgot 100% on clutch 3s. Its insane 
Jaylen Brown. Emotionless after a big shot. Fucking assassin. 


Jayson’s block on Crowbaby was soooo dirty. 
Brad also no reaction, stone cold killers. They expect to make these plays!
Rudy Gobert is scary
This team is the shit. My friends hate me but fuck em
The Heat still make me nervous in a 7 game series 
I live in Toronto so a lot of my boys hate the Celtics since they're Raps fans. But fuck em, this team's legit and I keep telling all my friends to watch out, I seriously believe we can beat them twice w/o Kyrie, we already did it once earlier in the season
Quite true, although that probably comes with inexperience. Brad shoulda called it, and the rest of the team did a horrible job at getting open anyway
fellow Canadian fan here. Been a celtics fan since I started playing basketball in grade 6 because of Paul. 22 y/o now and I never miss a game. 

those were the glory days without a doubt

when did it turn from showing the actual game.. to simply talking about it instead

oh ya.. heres 3 random plays to sum up this 3 hour battle on the football field
I was watching in a patient's room while I was on rounds and the room seemed really angry. I turned around and it was people yelling at each other about sports. That's what ESPN is now, angry people yelling at each other. I come here for my Celtics fix and PatsPulpit for my Patriots info. 
*"and we pick this game up in overtime"*
Oh yeah sometimes it’s referred to as swag but which i get. But they talk about getting “saucy” a lot which is drunk. 
A slightly worse KD
You spelt Yabusele wrong.
That Lineup is the goat lineup. Maybe we see it in the All star game
I mean if we got rid of Horfords contract, I'd guess we could afford AD?
He didnt even see The shoot. :( clock vs view 1-0...
Sorry but luxury tax is bad because...? I need to educate myself 
NOT MANY OF EM
Semi had some clutch moments in tonight's game. I hope he continues to improve, I like him.
One game at a time.
eAstErN coNfErEnCe iS bAD
also +25 when he was on the floor. Pretty insane for a 3 point game
It fucking showed when his head was above the rim for that hustle play. I jumped up out of my seat after that
holy shit. he was floating wtf
Jumping shy of 3 feet just standing is fucking insane.  I’m fat, so it’s probably about 8 inches
Yup Brad Stevens is saving his Anti-Gravity technology as a secret weapon for the Playoffs
Ice cold 
He was just being chippy, and the announcers mentioned he was talking smack to Tatum, since he was a rookie. Nothing wrong with that.
I was gonna go to bed but Jaylen Brown had to go and hype me the fuck up at midnight
Fuck the Lakers. 
Celtics Dunn fucked up
Jaylen fucking Brown.. God damn what a game
That end game line up looked like a March Madness team. 
Why Tatum and Larkin punching my poor Jaylen 
Whenever I'm exhausted, I'm going to watch this video. 
I thought Tatum was going to kill him with how hard he was punching him after that shot.
Terrible title

Fuck, I forgot game was on. I think I was watching MTV the Challenge. Fucking Zach and Cara Maria and shit
I fucking hate r/nba
> This clip has everything. An unbelievable shot. Jayson hype as fuck after getting shit talked from Crowder all night. Gorman's patented "GOT IT!!" Scal hype as hell about it knowing NO OT BABY.

Finished off with JB's, "Yeah, I expect to nail this shit" look afterward.
They can think whatever the fuck they want.

We got the W.
also had scary terry in the corner waiting 
Yep.  Semi was used to draw space.  Brad drew up some serious shit here 
ok let’s not downplay what a crazy fucking record LeBron just set 
DAD STEVENS FOR COTY, GET THAT WEAK CASEY SHIT OUTTA HERE!
JAYLEN BROWN IS MY FUCKING BOYFRIEND!
Jaylen Brown is a bad man
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN 
Can someone make a gif of Jayson hugging Jaylen at the end of the game
And it's bad, bad Jaylen Brown


The baddest man in the whole damned town


Badder than old King Kong


And meaner than a junkyard dog
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN
So nobody else gonna mention Larkin with the insane +25?
I'm not sure why the Jazz fans are so salty. Utah should have gotten used to being beaten by MJ by now.
FUCKING PROFESSOR JAYLEN WRITING THE END TO THAT ONE. PUT IT IN THE BOOKS BITCH
Brad Stevens is a fucking wizard. Beat 3 western conference playoff teams with a depleted team.
FUCK UTAH AND FUCK THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY
Not sleeping tonight because that game winner was WOKE

****JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN BABY!****
Someone tell me how the FUCK Brad is not winning coach of the year.
G fucking G man.
Jaylen Stevens and Brad Brown all fucking day baby!!!
Scary’s barrage of 3s in the 4th was ridiculous. 
Man it's crazy how Brad still kept everyone in normal minutes, look at utahs minutes versus ours 
I didn't catch the beginning of the game. Did they do anything for Gordon?
This team is insane
Brad Stevens is a fucking Genius, that is all.
Aight it's spring break and I'm blacked the fuck out but here we go.  THIS FUCKING TEAM WILL NEVER QUIT.  9-0 RUN TO CLOSE THE GAME ATE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?  I will 100% go gay for Jaylen or Jayson or fucking anyone on this mother fucked of a team this shit is unreal.  We getting 5 banners in a row don't @ me.
COTY or fuck off
FUCK CROWDER
Seriously? [The fuck is it doing here now?](https://i.imgur.com/MDhbuT6.jpg)
Why does everybody always forget poor Theis?
Terry “worst player in the nba to consistently get minutes” rozier wasn’t bad tonight too
If you ignore the monster it'll go away.

Edit: Fuck that

"Rozier is fucking atrocious. Finally makes a field goal, then gets beat on the cut by Exum. Dude is a fringe second stringer."

HAVE YOU WATCHED TERRY ROZIER PLAY THIS SEASON? GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE. "Fringe second stringer." Every God Damn team in the league would take Rozier off the bench. He been with the shits, buster. 

They fucked them
i know it's JB's twitter handle, what does it mean tho?
Their gonna have to pound a lotta two percent to forget that game...
No matter how hard they try
Alright, lets not go overboard 
You forgot Tatum's block near the end of the game after he was talking shit to him all game.
I stopped reading after you said that the officiating was in our favor. What game were you watching?
Seriously. What a game from him. 
Brad could get that sink to put up 10 points and 5 rebounds in 20 minutes of game time.
Wtf 😂
This has to be a inside joke at this point. Every time someone lists our injuries, they forget Daniel.

What's wrong with people?
Jaylen Brown game winners off an assist from Semi Ojeleye: 1

Michael Jordan game winners off an assist from Semi Ojeleye: 0
I thought this was gonna be his coming out party and he was gonna drop 40 on the Jazz. 

Thankfuly the granite man is saving himself for game 7 of the 2018 NBA finals.
faith consistency hard work pays off
hahah you could tell he wanted to say something so badly.. then he looks up and realizes he met his maker 
So fucking hyped 
Ah, my bad
> Larkin

He was unreal. That play late where he got Monroe to stay with Rubio so he could switch onto Gobert and flummox the Mitchell/Gobert pick and roll was genius. 
I cant be the only of yelling out ”THATS MY FUCKING ROOKIE” after this. You can have your Mitchell, I’ll take my Tatum!
crowder looking at the green jerseys on the floor like

“who the fuck are these guys” 😂
The reach instead of holding position was middle school level defense. Bad move by Jae.
Reallllll slow
Who the fuck is down voting everything? 
Did Nader just pick Mitchell's pocket and finish the fastbreak by himself like what the fuck
#TOUGH GUY JAE SHOOK AS FUCK GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE DONT EVER DISRESPECT TATUM
Utah, Crowder, the Cavs, The Craptors, Refs, Colin Cowturd, and Nick Wrong can suck my dick! The GOAT Dr. Jaylen "Michael Jeffery Jordan" Brown said no OT tonight! 
Quin Snyder is very scary looking to me, I can't describe why
The heart in this team is insane.  The talent discrepancy between the two teams is huge, yet we are fighting tooth and nail
I hated Jae in Boston and I hate Jae in Utah
Who else thinks that if they interview Jae after this game he says something petty and/or passive aggressive?
I squealed like a maniac and terrified my roommate, fucking UNREAL
i have no livin clue how we are still in this game. we've made some bonehead plays, the refs are sucking donkey genitalia, and we're missing half our squad. the only thing keeping us in this game is effort imo
Tatums beard is pretty bad.. it doesn't even connect
Fuck it, it's working for him. Eat Cheesecake Factory every day, Jaylen.
Brown has gotten blatantly whacked twice now and the officials called nothing. Fuck them hard eternally.
WHAT THE FUCK MOOSE.
You know it's been an awful offensive game when you have seen a FG drought timer at least 5 times throughout the game.
Jazz are like “who the fuck is this team, we don’t recognize any of the players, and why are they playing us so tough”
LETS FUCKING GOOOIOO
#Tomorrow: Jaylen Brown Questionable (Chest Contusion)
i just fucking came
Tatum's game grows with his sideburns
Fucking tatum
Two ridiculous no-calls on Jaylen.
Terrible call 
What the fuck Monroe how do you miss that
GET MONROE THE FUCK OUT HE IS TERRIBLE
FUCK YES TATUM
Jaylen game winner please
How the fuck does Nader not make that pass to Tatum there. We should leave him in Utah. I'm serious.
I turn on the game and Utah immediately goes on an 11-0 run 😑
How crazy is it that we can say "thank God for Shane Larkin" and it's not being said facetiously 
Is it just me or is Van Gundy's commenting just horrible. He never talks about the game and just has random side conversations all the time. So annoying when I'm trying to watch my Celtics
WHAT IS THAT FUCKING CALL!?!?
Man I really fucking hate Crowder 
#GIVE THIS MAN FUCKING ROTY HOLY FUCKING SHIT IM DECEASED
TATUM SAID FUCK THE LAYUP, I CANT LOSE THIS DUNK 
Holy shit Tatum!
Tatum serving up the fuck you block
EAT MY FUCKING CHODE UTAH. SALT LAKE CITY JUST GOT SALTIER.
FUCK U/KYR0THEGREAT
Upvoting every single comment to make up for whatever salty fuck is in here downvoting everything 
That was bad
Jerebko no :-[
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN

Brad Stevens is the fucking man
Pretty bad start to the half. 
No Scal, wrong answer 
Terry has been fucking garbage this game
Only down 4 after that miserable quarter LET'S GO
I’ll take it.  If you told me we’d be down 4 going into the 4th in this game with Morris, Kyrie, Horford, all out, hell yeah id take it.
these fouls are absurd
#MAD BRAD IS MAD
UH OH, IT'S ABOUT TO GET SCARY UP IN THIS BITCH
Never count our scary overlord out. 
Gobert’s fucking illegal screens 
Tatum saying SHUT THE FUCK UP JAE
What a fucking pass!
that dunk made *it* move, if you know what I mean
That missed Rozier shot is where we need Morris.  He would drill that contested random 3.
LETS FUCKING GOO
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN
3ITKH FUCK YOU MEET JAYLEN “JORDAN” BROWN
JAYLEN BROWN IS THE FUCKING GOAT.
It sounds like a fucking CELTICS home game!!
Nader has to be the worst player in the league getting minutes on a playoff team right?
Jaylen Brown out 5 games with broken ribs
That was pathetic by Monroe, holy shit.
Monroe is unplayable in this matchup 
Fucking Nader 
Need longboi to go crazy
What the fuck jaylen
Man, won this game and the #2 seed is locked.  Rest the rest of the season.
Jesus Christ the calls are weak today and the Utah crowd acts like they're on the wrong end of it
Offense is ass without Jaylen in the game.
Where the fuck is Rozier
Finally they called a fucking foul on Gobert.
Fuck off with that Monroe are you serious?
monroe fucking yam it please christ
MONROE IS GETTING ME ANGRY
WHAT. THE. FUCK. MOOSE.
Half our team out, 4 point game with a quarter to go... I like our chances.
Wtf is Jaylen still on the bench?!
Everyone is missing bunnies this game
Fuck this game. Too many fuckery by the refs.

But to hear that we got 10 turnover in the 3rd quarter... That's just awful.
Moose is useless tonight take him out
SCARY INBOUND 
Omg fucking scary terry!!!
IT'S GETTING SCARY IN HERE
Scary af
Terry getting scary
Scary Terry is woke. 
THATS FUCKING HORRIFYING 
Oh it's definitely scary up in here
Yabu on Mitchell = fail
Fuck Jae Crowder
get the fucking rebound
FUCK FUCK FUCK
hahah fuck I wasn't expecting that dunk
Oh my god Tatum can fucking get it 
ATO BRAD DRAWING UP THE **GAME WINNER!** … Who’s it going to?
Whose gonna hit the game winner people?
What the fuck Jaylen!
FUCK YOU UTAH
FUCK YOU KRIS DUNN
FUCK YOU CONCUSSIONS
WTF WAS THAT PLAY 
Tatums shoes are sick looking, what are they? 
This fucking game.  Refs are giving the Jazz everything.
Nader is so hard to watch 
I just dabbed all over the place and my dogs looking at me like I'm an idiot
Here at the game and caught a glimpse of Brad’s clipboard. He drew a basketball and an arrow from it to the hoop. Man is a genius
Last game of the road trip and 4th game in 6 nights. Hopefully we don't get waxed
it's gotten to the point where I can hardly watch due to fear of witnessing another injury
God damn. Monroe vs Gobert is atrocious
Nader is the new Zeller. So bad.
Fuck yeah Jaylen 
Jaylen's been getting completely fucked over in the last five or so minutes of game time.
Another terrible call
Jesus titty fucking christ
Jesus Christ what the fuck 
Can terry hit a fucking shot please
This is fucking pathetic.
Very bad Terry game
Crazy that we're only down 7.
Let's fucking go!
Monroe is so bad dear god
Fuck these refs 
Get moose the fuck out
wtf are you doing monroe
FUCK YEAH BAYNES
Tatum no :/
I'm convinced Scary Terry is getting 10+ in this quarter
Gotta have Jaylen & Tatum in at the same time to close this game out, let's go!!!
Brad needs to tell the refs that he's disappointed in them

the game will be called much more evenly after that
wtf is jeff van gundy even talking about.. god these national tv games are so horrid 
These refs should be fucking flogged.
can JVG please shut the fuck up
The Scary one rises
LOLLLL TERRY WTF
TERRY IS SCARY
THE SCARY ONE
Fucking stupid wide ass Gobert kills anyone he screens.
Horrible shot from Terry
How can a guy with such bad hands be an above-average passer at his position?
YEAH FUCK YOU JAE 
#OH MY FUCKING GOD
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
#FUCK JAE CROWDER
FUCK YOU CROWDER
What a bad shot by Mitchell. Make them pay.
#FUCK IN G FUCK
THE FUCKING PROFFESSOORR
OHMY FUCKING GOD!!!!!!
MICHAEL FUCKING JORDAN
WHAT THE FUCK LARKIN -> OJELEYE -> BROWN FOR THE W 
#I CALLED GAME
Fuck!!,!,!!
What the fuck is that pa announced doing
Took my Wife to the game tonight. It's her first Basketball game, so that adds to the excitement factor for me!
Today could’ve been Hayward’s revenge game smfh 
Yabu getting those tough rebounds.  


i really, really hate nader

he HAS to have brad and ainge's nudes hidden away
Jae is so annoying
Please take Monroe out. He's so bad in this game.
Yikes, this is bad
I’m just mad there is no Theis vs. Jerebko
Gobert's existence is fucking everything up.
We're sloppy 
Monroe wtf 
Monroe sucks
A Song of Tatum and Mitch: Game Of Runs
I love this team.  The fucking heart this team shows is insane.  Severely undermanned and they’re fighting
We just look tired
Tito is cold rn :(
SOMEONE FUCKING HELP. What the fuck.
I'd turn this shit off if we weren't the fucking Celtics. Refs completely changed the momentum of this game but I know this team can make any deficit back. 
Fuck it, put in Xavier
I’m so annoyed I wanna fucking yell
FUCK 
Semi... finished... SEMI FUCKING FINISHED!!!!
THICK JACKED FRAME
Holy fuck yeah semi
FUCKING WORK SEMI
I... really don't understand why Yabu isn't in there. Monroe has been terrible.
Monroe and Terry have been painful to watch.
Could be worse lets do it boys
Scary Terry needs to show up in the 4th. 
Bruh jae was holding him wtf
Monroe or Terry.  who's been worse this game?  I"m going with Moose
too late with the pass Semi
Rozier can't get anything to go, wtf happenned
Yeah no more turnovers please
MR CLUTCH SCARY TERRY
Scary terry time 
DUDE!! Terry is unbelievable 
Just an insane amount of TOs tonight
How did he get that board? Fucking scary
What in the fuck was that
ugh, tatum always loses it
I wanted Tatum to drill that so badly 
Larkin wtf
Monroe fuck yeah
#LETS FUCKING GO
HOLY FUCK!
Hollllyyyy crap Tatum 
FUCK YOU CROWDER
Trouble 07!
Tatum fucking boomed that too
WE SERIOUSLY IN THIS GAME BITCH
Crowder with the failed hero ball. Ha.
Haha suck longbois dick Crowder u stupid WakaFlaka wannabe
OH MY FUCKING GOD
I can't wait to see Jae's tweet after this game:  THEY WERE DISRESPECTFUL THE WAY THAT THEY BLOCKED ME AT THE END.
what in the damn hell is this game!?!?!?!
JAYLEN GAME BABY 
MICHAEL FUCKING JORDAN
LETS FUCKING GO 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK
Christ fuck yes
FUCK YA  JAYLEN IS A FUCKING CLUTCH GOD 
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN

THE FUCKING PROFESSSOORRR
lets fucking goooooooooooooooooooooo
I'M ROCK FUCKING HARD
Insane.
HOLY SHIT!!!!!!!
POST GAME THREAD PLZ
"you need at least .3" And there's the .3
JAE CROWDER IS A SORRY ASS BASKETBALL PLAYER
This is why horford is missed. Would pull gobert out the paint when the celts go small. 
Seriously though what are two grown men doing at the Cheesecake Factory by themselves?
Man, this game is a prime example of how shit our bigs situation would be without Al
Fuck yeah Jayson 
FUCK ME UGH IN MY BUTT HOLE
If we lose this game I hope someone rocks tough guy Crowder 
Lebron with a casual 41/10/8 tonight.
Look at Ingles celebrating an offensive foul on the other team like he just hit a home run. Fuck him.
late timeout
Oh shit they killed us with that run. Let's go Brad!
Wtf man
Fucking jerebko 

Can we talk about the previous commercial break....Blackpeoplemeet.com.....that's seriously a thing? I mean....really? WTF.
How is this a tie game?  Brad is a fucking magician.
Fuck this Utah Crowd, and fuck the refs. 

That Ojeleye offensive foul was gross esspecially given they just waved off Brown getting elbowed in the chops just before the half. 
Can we play Xavier and get Terry out of this game. Your hero ball is useless when you miss every shot.
Why is Utah of all places playing soundcloud beats while the game is going?
I cant fucking stand Rubio's man bun.
the fbi should be looking into nader... he might be holding brad's family hostage :/
holy crap i can legit see tatums frustration with the lack of court vision shown by nader!!
Hopefully the annoying Nader haters who circlejerk each other will finally shut up
GIMME A FUCK 3ITKH
Am I seeing things or did Nader just play tough post defense on Gobert?
Man I wish we had Smart to play Rubio and give him a taste of annoying defense. 
#Terry Scary
Brad mad 
Holy shit Nader is so fucking bad
It gets worse every time Monroe touches it. 
Ohmygod fucking Nader 
What the fuck
wtf what are u waiting for Larking you stubborn as hell
This small run was all on tatum
Why are people shitting on the Moose?

Bad games happen, cmon.
Crowder revenge game smh
Holy fuck van gundy is so annoying how does he have a job still? He just rambles Nonsense during the game
Brooo JVG never shuts the fuck up loll
Why in the fuck are you putting Yabusele in a point role?
Make it a one possesion game here boys
That’s not good. 
I wonder what the spread is for this game?
SCARY
Terry is filthy 
Let's fucking go
Scary "Mr 4th Quarter" Rozier
God time tired of van gundy
Brutal
Shit, bad luck on that one
SCARY BITCH
our paint game is SHIT
Terry is so fucking athletic 
Man this rozier Guy is scary
Who just cranked the dial from 1 to 100?  The fuck has this effort been all night?
God damn. How can you not love this team?
LETS FUCKING GO
I’m shaking rn this shit so close I shouldn’t be this hyped up for a g league game 
FUCK JAE CROWDER
GET THE BALL TO SCARY TERRY ON ONE OF THOSE CRAZY INBOUND PLAYS!
Did anyone else see that stupid woman covering her eyes?
nothing stupid please
THIS FUCKING TEAM
HOLY FUCK
Bench nader and play bird at least he can shoot and passes 
is gordon at the game?
The "Return of the Dab" game.
The way Gobert impacts defense is exactly why I wanted Bamba so badly. In another life :(
Nader DPOY the past 2 games wtf
**GUYS!** help me out a second. Is there anyone on our team that **does not** already have a nickname from us fans? Example: Scary Terry, Dancing Bear, Cobra Kai, etc..
Rozier hasn't made a shot all game. Stop taking them
Be afraid, be very afraid. 
Fuck you jazz
Fuck it. I’m on the Nader train tonight.
Nader sucks so fucking bad its insane. Dude shouldn't even be in the G League.
Haywatch 2018: is Gordon at the game? Side note: isn’t Joe Ingles his close friend?
Jae might get a Tommy point if he keeps us in this game
Nbcsb has the worst camera angles after free throws 
Is the audio wonky for anyone else?
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU PASS THE FUCKING BALL, NADER?
greg monroe is useless if he isn't making 80% of his field goals. guy plays 0 defense and is a turnover machine 
FUCK
Monroe is a fucking garbage can. What does he bring to the team someone please tell me
Terrible shot by Rozier. Run the offense. 
I know our bench is mad shallow tonight, but Monroe is a really rough match up against the Jazz, Gobert or no. To what extent could we get away with trying to play small and trying to turn this into a track meet?
Get Baynes out of the damn game if this is the type of defense he's going to play. Dude is doing nothing but fouling and reaching in and not even trying to move his feet. 
I'm streaming on my phone without volume, are they just booing every call? I don't get It, gordon isn't playing, this game means nothing to them. 
Probably that Jazz fan wishing ill on Hayward.
Well I mean when Crowder comes in and has become an impact player it kinda bleeds through
After staying up late playing PUBG? 
He looks like he'd meet you out behind the arena at half time to sell you a dimebag
I think you mean 3... how could you forget yabu????
Refs have been bad for both teams. This is atrocious 
He's been shit all game. 
Comment of the game
FUCK YES
Especially annoying when he ruins high-pressure Finals moments by needlessly bitching about whatever
Fuck. Yeah. 
“Wanna play a game?” Saw III - Celtics edition
At the very least we can be thankful he hasn't shit on the court.
I feel sorry that you have a chode but let’s goooo
Yeah its crazy how one end slight bump foul other end hammered nothing
ITS FUCKING MURDER!!
I'm trying to find the "you're not ready" clip from Anger Management but I guess it's not on Youtube.
Scary Terry
For the game
Ah yes, the 2nd worst defensive big in the league. 
Basketball is a game of runs. 
Dude is literally one of the worst players I've ever seen on the Celtics. He can OCCASIONALLY hit wide open threes, but he makes bone head plays even I wouldn't make in the NBA and I'm 35 year old, 5'9" fucking Frenchman.
Hard not to be number 1 when you have defensive anchors like Greg Monroe and Shane Larkin.
Refs are hard to defend against.
You asshole! I thought someone else got injured and my stream is lagging behind! 
Its crazy. He was touted as a defensive/ hustle guy who's offense needed work.
can't believe people downvoted you. FUCK JOE INGLES. Hope his mom gets raped and someone sends him a video.
You guys got a future star in Tatum! He’s a fucking stud dude
Huskies. I hate that Toronto's mascot is a dinosaur, it doesn't even make sense.

The [blue jerseys](https://az184419.vo.msecnd.net/aj-sports-world/ProductImages/DERD42904I.jpg?w=650&q=60) and [blue court redesign](https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/WpW3Eu2nBJ8M_i8CmMYL39D990Q=/0x0:1200x675/1600x900/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/51802519/CxE_kQwXgAArH45.0.jpg) are sick, plus the [logo is cool as hell](https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/disp/e62f3e17630031.562bc81302945.png)
I’d say either rockets or OKC what about the worst?
Miami vice is a dope color scheme, as much as I hate to admit it 
I have to agree with this tonight.
 
0-7.. thats tough. And he is -23, too....
I mean, he's objectively bad. I always give credit where it's due though. 
[Can we GET A FUCKING BOOOOOOOOARD.... NO!](https://youtu.be/vfeOitqzPXU?t=9)
They’re out two strongest offensive players out there. Need them staggered to ensure we can at least one offensive threat on the court at all times.
Monroe= Garbage

An absurd amount of really poor mistakes

At-times absurd refereeing
Were you born a masochist or was it a result of some horrific trauma?
Fuck Crowder 
He gets fouled probably 75% of the time but doesn't get calls. The refs have been terrible all season too. I'd let them hear it if I were in his position.
You serious or...?
Go the fuck away 
Celts immediately go on a run playing small 1-4 around Baynes. WhyAreYouBooingMeImRight.jpg
How do you not love Moose
Wtf dude....
You're right. That's why we're up 9. The trolling is pathetic.
Whatever they're called they're not very good
Mark Jackson too. "YA KNOW I ONCE LOST A PLAYOFF GAME TO MR. VAN GUNDY ON A PHANTOM FOUR-POINT PLAY"
Damn it. I’m going insane 
Could be a hell of a lot worse.
I **HATE** the new Timberwolves jerseys. Tried way too hard to be a Seattle Seahawks. Yuck
Fuck. Got into bed and checked. 6 point game now. Damnit c's 
Plus you’ve got me rooting for your team. Historically, not a good thing. 


We got this  
yup :/
Very possible, I just didn’t remember one. If so that’s weird that he didn’t get accredited for it.
So what? He is still not very good.
That’s no reason to hate on a player 
I'm disappointed we won't have Horford, but tbh our seed is locked in and Point-Yabu is way too enticing.
Fucking hell
dat rest game
Imagine being this blind 
...and we are all just pushing rocks up a mountain. Absurd! 
That's the dream, but idk who's even getting shopped. Getting someone like AD is very unlikely. 
that injury looked BAD. I think most people won't hold it against him. 

I'd be disappointed as all hell tho.
And getting some sick ass kills in fortnite
Shit wrong post
Damn, it's kind of annoying how if Kyrie continued how he was playing, he could've been a 50/40/90 member this year. Alas, we must wait another year. 
Doc had a legitimate big 3, a nasty bench, and Rondo.
Hahahahahahaha.. hah.. ha... :(
Sub Fucking scribe!!!!!!
I live in UT, this is the one game I save up for all year, I have the ultimate confidence in my Lord Brad Stevens that he will pull a 70 point game out of Scary Terry tonight.
Give the man his rest if he's feeling off. Too bad though, could use his floor spacing against Gobert.
So basically Yabus dropping a mean 30 tonight then 
Rest him please.  Rest a few other guys as well.  We don’t need this game.
no one dies :(
I have fond memories of Xavier McDaniel with the Celtics but looking back at his stats, that may just be because the rest of the team was so mediocre.
Chicken vegetable fried Theiss
Oh man that’s not good 
What will Felger and Mazz use as a click bait false narrative to shun the trade over the summer now????
Damn man, this sucks. At this point he wasn't going to get a max deal but I think he would have gotten paid by someone with the cal space. I hate to say it but the opportunity for him to get his big payday (not even just talking max but the money a two time all star who averaged 30 ppg earned if the hip wasn't such an issue) is gone. 
I can't believe you're still calling it a fake injury. Wait, I can, because it's you.
At this point will anybody even offer him 15 a year? He’s a hurt PG who had a miserable season, can’t play defense. All the teams with cap space are trying to actively lose. 
Go back to r/DBZDokkanBattle you fucking weebo. 
I was thinking of commenting and saying Ivan wouldn't be calling this a fake injury anymore, but here we are.

Gotta admit, he sticks to his guns.  He's dumb as hell and his takes have no basis in reality, but he sticks to them till the very end.
He was never good.
Didnt realize Boston forced him to play through it. 
I guess you’re just fishing for bad karma
Hmmmm, would I rather have Gordon Hayward or Kelly Olynyk...? Idk, tough question.
Are you fucking kidding me? It was him or Hayward, no brainer
“KELLY OLYNYK! THE GAME OF HIS LIFE!”
One game at a time.
I would worry about any team with Embiid. Dude is a monster. That said, the thing that separates the 6ers from being truly dangerous is the somewhat one-dimensional quality to Simmons' game.
Nope, because if we face LeBron when we're as crippled by injuries as we are now we lose in 5 games max. The Sixers we at least would have a chance against
Jesus this article reads like someone taking a sick pleasure in haywards injury. What a cunt of a reporter
Just for context, Jazz fans hate this guy as well. Don't let this douchebag represent all of their fans.
What a terrible article.., aside from the shit writing it manages to be both sad and sadistic. Move on, your character flaws are showing.
Utah fan here. I would say that is a real unfair judgement on an entire fan base. Are there people who "took pleasure" in Gordon's injury? I know for a fact there are. However, "vast majority" I would argue entirely against. Most of us Jazz fans on r/nba and r/utahjazz felt terrible about his injury and admonish those who even insinuate otherwise. We don't like the way he left at all, and will probably hate him forever, but we would never relish in any physical pain to other people no matter how large or small that pain was.
I'm still on the hate Ray train and I don't know if I'll ever get over him leaving, but damn he really only got offers from Minnesota, Memphis and Miami? 
This is the first time I will agree with Trump that the Washington Post is fake news. What a terrible, terrible re-draft.

EDIT: The top 2 of this list are the only 2 that make any sense...
Kuzma over Lonzo is ridiculous, but Tatum at #1 makes up for it 
“Fake news” shouldn’t be used where you mean you disagree with the author.  Particularly on an opinion or analysis piece where the facts are correct.
Mook being 'not concerned' doesn't mean it isn't a serious injury. That's just him being a Bad Motherfucker. 
one of doncic/ayton/porter/bagley/bamba would be there.

regardless orlando says no to this. they desperately need a franchise player, not more consolidated assets/role players
never said i was in support of a big move, just that it's not as difficult as you were implying.

however, since you asked, Morris+Smart (assuming he's signed for at least $10M)+deep bench dudes (Yabu, Semi) would allow us to pursue a player who is making $20M+ a season.

That would leave a team of Kyrie, Jaylen, Jayson, Horford, Terry, Hayward, trade addition... hardly gutted
How do you shoot 76% on 4 attempts?

Edit: Unless you mean averaging 4 attempts, then I'm just dumb.
Also crazy to notice the difference in size w Jackson  L O N G B O I
Am I crazy? How can you shoot 39% on 3 shots and 76% on 4 shots?

EDIT: I’m dumb, it’s probably per game. 
If he kept up his current efficiency from this 8 game stretch he’d average 28ppg taking 20 shots a game (I know that’s not how it works but still that’s what the number are). 
Yeah bro it’s per game over an 8 game sample size. Ur not the first to make that mistake it’s my bad I shoulda made it clearer.
don't hate appreciate
You know it's bad when you gotta lie about your year on 2K.
It's been a long day, and I'm just dumb. Got it. 
I'm sorry but Jayson either gets stripped going to the rim or blocked often.  His handles need work. As do Jaylen but his handles have improved a lot from the beginning of the season. 
You think that's bad! I'm Bill Russell's age. I just have my grandson type everything for me.
You think that's bad? I'm Red Auerbach's age. 
You think it's bad?? I saw Red Auerbach being born.
Ivan you have such a pathetic little life.
Whoops yeah, just one second from that Clippers pick.

And yeah I have no idea how to predict that Grizzlies pick headed forward. Protected 1-8 in 2019 and 1-6 in 2020. Three years is a long time for things to change, but they are pretty locked in with those Gasol/Conley/Parsons contracts. Hard to see them getting better unless they get Ayton and he blossoms, and maybe they can stretch Parsons and get a little cap space out of it. 

This season taught me to never underestimate how terrible some teams can be though, considering the Knicks are only the 9th worst team in the league. They have missed Porzingis for almost half a season and yet there are 8 TEAMS worse than them. I know this season has been ripe for tanking but still... yikes. If Conley plays even 65 games then the Grizzlies automatically jump up like 8 spots.
Man I'm tired of these injuries
I just rewatched the game and lol-ed hearing Gormans absolute disdain for Josh Jackson and the suns. That could be my imagination but he just shat on them throughout the game.
I believe that we are going 4-0 on this roadtrip. Jaylen please don't fail me. 
Couldn't catch the game, can anyone describe what happened to Morris?
im a minnesota viking's fan for football so i'm used to my teams being unhealthy. its a sad life 
I have this weird feeling Ainge knows what he is doing. I don't know why, it is just this weird gut feeling.
In a regular season game in November too, smh league fucked
On the other hand they’ve never won a game. Time for Trader Danny to start a rebuild. 
We would have to hope the picks jumps atleast like 5 or 6 picks. Very very unlikely but holy fuck If we get it I'd be ecstatic. 
Fuck Ray Allen?
Yeah my bad 
To me, Simmons isnt' a rookie.  Its so stupid how the NBA considers him a rookie, yet he spent a whole year acclimating to the NBA life already.  He got to train with NBA players, coaches, and trainers for a whole friggin year. 
 Stupid.

The ROY should be either Mitchell or Tatum
And all of us, Al. Not just you, silly
Not deservingly, Simmons isn’t a rookie 
I mean, this is just semantics. Theis is considered a rookie too.
Bad
If Simmons learns how to shoot, he’s going to be impossible to stop
Are you saying that Tatum isn't? Because that's demonstrably false.
no i wasn't trying to say that but looking back it totally looks like thats what i was saying. my bad.
The Cs fans here are crazy in that they just don't understand what the NBA's definition of a rookie is.
If anything it'd be unfair to Simmons to kill his chance at a ROTY shot because of a season ending injury. At the end of the day, the award is for the players, not us fans. Simmons did everything possible to earn ROTY and he deserves it.
I mean we can still get the 1 seed. We're 3 games behind the Raptors rn and still have 2 games to play against them. They've been in a mini slump rn and face the Nuggets tonight, I can see them losing that game.
Please Basketball Gods, no more injuries. Please heal our wounded. 
Yeeesh Bender is really bad. 
well, that was a basketball game
I'm just gonna try to forget this game ever happened. 
Saw a stat the other day about Payton having a horrible +- and was not surprised to see tonight's.
Semi is awful wtf happened.
"Damn, I fucked up"

-Josh Jackson probably
Did someone get hurt? I couldn't watch the game. Plz not again..
Not gonna lie though, he’s got some game. 
Mook sprained his ankle :( 
He's 40% bad!
Fuck
how bad was it?
Within the span of three hours makes this depressing 
It was from a useless stupid contest from a Suns player and they crowded his space and he ended up landing on his right foot on the Sun's player's foot and landed wrong. Such BS.
League fucked
why tf my ding dong hard?
S/O late night crew
@Murf56: How badly did the Celtics slip? They took a 39-19 lead with 9:52 left in the second quarter, and were out-scored 30-9 the rest of the way.

BRAD MUST BE LIVID 
There is no way that Guerschon Yabusele could be worse than Monroe tonight. I get not wanting to play Al or Baynes, but get Monroe off the court. He’s keeping the Suns in this.
Wtf am I the last person just learning that Shane Larkin's dad is Barry??
Why is /r/nba so obsessed with the Sixers?
Jaylen is gonna be so filthy 
Tatum so dirty 
"The Jabari Bird Game"
I forgot about Payton..his hair is so so dumb 
Am I ODing on Nyquil and lozenges too hard, or did Morris really resprain his ankle? :'(
If Tatum ever learns to draw fouls like Jackson, league fucked.
Jesus Christ Morris is fucking evolving 
Tatum and Brown throwing up iso shots. This game reminds me of 2017 Summer League 
watching suns broadcast (unfortunately) but they just pointed out that Shane Larkin is Barry Larkin's son (hall of fame baseball player).  I had no idea
That second quarter was one of the worst quarters of the season.
This second quarter was fucking disgusting. 
Annoying from Rozier there. Al has Payton on him and he doesn't realize and misses not one but TWO opportunities to enter the post
I just saw Nader pass, is my stream broken??
Payton's hair is ridiculous.
Marcus swishing the contested shot from a bad angle
Brad is mad.
Fuck it, just sit Mook out until we play the Raptors 
Everything about this game is fucking bullshit
Fuck this game, man. Just to get Morris injured again.
fuck man imagine if Brad had HAYWARD and KYRIE
30 seconds into the game and Payton's hair is already annoying me
Yaaay I'm finally home to watch a game!
Scal going hard at the Suns for minute there.
Worst game of the trip so far. We're clearly not taking the Suns seriously which is fine, but don't piss this game away.
Game got sloppy fast
It’s must be difficult to mentally take the Suns seriously and it’s showing, we just do not look engaged 
I really miss Smart-Theis alleyoops :(
When Monroe is bad he is REALLY BAD
Bender is terrible 
this effort is a joke

phoenix is trying really hard to lose and the game is tied
Wtf are we doing
We're lucky we're shooting 50%+ from 3 or we'd be down big. Horrible effort. 
I want mad brad
this is a miserable watch
I feel like Baynes has terrible chemistry with Jaylen and Jayson whenever they want him to run to the rim he just stops.
This is like a bad high school game rn
If we end up losing this game....
SCARY TERRY
Our rotations are so slow tonight
Baynes gets a terrible whistle
STOP ALLEY OOPS. I THINK ITS A BROKEN LEG EVERY TIME.
double digits for scary terry again!
I have continued the trend now that whenever Mook releases it I yell “**WET!**” and haven’t been wrong since. My neighbors hate me 
If Monroe isn’t completely on, he’s fucking ass
fuck
TATUM! That was sick af live.
Career game coming from Tatum!
Fuck Josh Jackson
Monroe get the fuck off the court
Wish Jaylen didn't go 3-11 but otherwise the game got with the program.
He’s fucking automatic 
Jeez even Mike seems annoyed that Nader is out there as he announced who’s on the floor
Alright bitches, 4 in a row, let's do this. Tough two games against Utah and Toronto after this.
Off topic: can someone get Brad some aftershave? His poor neck :(
trap game
The Suns offensive plays are so bad if these are even plays at this point.
I still can’t believe they lost that game, it was like a blowout too 
Can we feed the Moose???

I wouldn't think this is a revenge game since he's probably grateful they waived him but let's do it anyway.
This game is flying by
Wtf
this is cavs game-level bad
Guys Nader is coming out.
uh oh!!!! :(
Awful two possessions 
Larkin is horrible tonight
If we sustain a serious injury in a meaningless game against Phoenix, I swear to fucking god
Mook :\
Yabu has played well in his past few games. I hope Brad plays him tonight
I fucking hate ulis man
this is brutal
Why are we constantly working the ball into Al with 5 left on the shot clock?

Edit; Jaylen has been atrocious, please put him on the bench if this is how he's going to perform. 
So I’m gonna be a little late to the game. Anybody hooked on “The Terror” over on AMC? It’s the season premier tonight and I got hooked last night after The Walking Dead. Anyone else checking it out?
Tatum game
That’s Terry’s move.  Pump fake 3 pointer.  He’s done that every game the last week.
I like Tatum’s start, but we’re taking a shit ton of midrangers. Get to the rim!
That god damn ball movement. We're going to make some serious noise in the playoffs even if we're injured.
Damn this crowd makes it almost seem like a home game 
The ball movement has been insane these last few weeks
Fuck the suns, hope tatum outscores jackson
Who was the stupid fucker who undercut Mook?
It's not the end of the world if he misses the Jazz game, just need him for the Raptors.
Terrible second quarter. No defense whatsoever, and for some reason these dudes either took terrible quick shots, or terrible bad shots. The fact this is a 3 point game is straight up embarrassing. How the fuck do you choke an 18 point lead to the Phoenix fucking Suns over the course of a single half? Garbage shit. Deserve to lose this one if thats the effort they're going to give. 

Not shocked to see Rozier is 2/10 either. Dude is just chucking up 3's. Run the offense maybe?
the fucking disrespect, Josh. 
Moose just got destroyed by Len around the basket. Not a good couple games for him
Monroe is so fucking bad. 
AY YO FUCK YO RACIST ASS CITY MOTHERFUCKERS
Yabu takes care of the ball too. Moose is horrible these past two games
The "Not Nader, please" game.
He'll be aight. He runs on pure spite and 'bad' shots
I feel so bad for Dudley and Chandler having this be the tail end of their careers
Rozier is an inconsistent playmaker. That's one part of his game he can work on.
Uh no. Remember that one game...
Larkin has elevated his play lately. Tonight's the outlier. I expect Monroe to do his thing off the bench. He won't give us anything defensively but I expect him to get us a tough bucket down low when we need a bucket.
Sorry it has to be this sad excuse of a game 
Troy. Look up his shot on the Rockets in the playoffs a few years back. Insane. Chills.
Hopefully it's not a grade two sprain. It was already hurt and he was limping pretty bad. Those take about two months to heal. I'm not pretending like I know what it is but with this season....
> ~~When~~ Monroe is ~~bad he is~~ REALLY BAD

FTFY
Yes wtf was up with that
If we were healthy our bench would be nasty. 

Smart-Terry-Morris-Theis-Monroe
Suns are the worst 3-point defending team in the league IIRC. Makes sense to shoot a lot against them and it's really only Rozier that's cold.
You mean for a hitman to snip it off when he's asleep
Don't you wish that evil on us Ricky Bobby!!
At least you have my upvote, buddy.
He's that random bench dude who goes for 25+ against the Celtics.  
Tweaked his bad ankle. 
He was limping to the locker room after landing awkwardly...  :(
Fuck the Sixers 
They will look less scary when we have Kyrie and Marcus back.
Asking the tough questions
You mean playoffs...
You want to go ahead and explain what you get from trolling this thread every single game?
Your comments are dwindling as the lead expands. It's like clockwork every game.
This guy says shit about the team every fucking game. 
Chill, dude. Remember last night, when we won and Rozier dropped 33?
He really isn't though. Bad games != bad player
Wow, you’re really stupid.
Fuck Canada
The game that we won?
Nader vs the World.  Probably a close game, maybe an OT even
Just kinda scary seeing that some of our guys are unable to succeed against the Suns
He landed on the defender's foot and twisted his ankle.
Trust me, i hate them just as much as anybody
Shouldn't have even come to that. Horrible effort. Cut Rozier.
I’m trying to be as stupid as you, but I still have a way to go
*yeah but Yabu tho :/*
Not sure if it was 100% of the time but yeah
doesn't Morris hate the Suns?  might drop another 30 ball just cause he can
he & Markieff both played together on the Suns IIRC. 40pt Mook Game incoming 😤👊🌞
Agreed, unless you're that miserable user on here that oozes negativity. 
Who else goin to the game against toronto??? I cant wait to visit boston❤️
Wtf
6 weeks is middle of round 2!!!!!
Is that on a basketball court or playing an NBA game on a basketball court?
Wait, what? What's wrong with Morris?
Because some Celtics fans take the memes waaaay too seriously...
As much as we hated on him for being a mediocre first round pick, I do feel for the guy. It has to take a strain on your psyche to be told you're gonna fulfill your dream of playing in the NBA just to be a bust

Edit: a word
And that was the worst move in the history of their franchise
Why do i get the idea that he's lazy? If he put in the work, i guarantee you he has the tools to be a rotation player in the nba
Fuck the 6ers
I wouldn't say that, not a great pick tho.
I think Ainge and Gerald Wallace both called him out for being lazy while he was here
Not most of them, just the ones that were terrible the whole time they were here. 
Hard to criticize too much, Kelly wasn't a bad pick or bust. There are always late draft steals that a bunch of teams miss on. I mean, I can say Danny made a mistake drafting JaJuan Johnson, but because he sucks, not because he was picked three slots before Jimmy Butler.
Very true,probably the worst run organization out here,but still feel bad for them. 

Hahahahahaha what the fuck 
Maybe in terms of swag and body language, but not in terms of gameplay at all. 

I wouldn't call Rozier a *bad* passer since his turnover rate is crazy low for a guard, but we'll just say he is EXTREMELY conservative with his passes. He's a shoot-first guard and Rondo was pass-first, -second, and -third.
This disrespect to rondos passing is criminal 
wtf I want to play that game.
Progress, but man does this feel like a long way from jumping and cutting. 
Hold the phone.....did he mean 23 seconds?! That's a lot of progress. So uhh maybe we can find out if he's no longer using the Alter-G to run?
It's not a matter of him needing to do it, it's just something that players should want, to improve their game. If all he ever becomes is *just* a dunker, that creates an issue.
I got mine for game 2. I can't wait!
Anyone know when the date for Game 1 will be set? I need to request that day off & buy my plane ticket.
The Bucks are so poorly coached. Brad would expose them.
i’m sorry but they don’t scare me...at all. 
LA. Gets him out of the east and he has to go through warriors/rockets to even get to the the finals. If he played for Philly that would be scary and if he stays in Cleveland it will just be harder for us to make the finals. 
Houston, I'd like to see him fuck up another franchise.
Impossible.  They don't have any cap room to sign him outright, and if they put together enough assets to do a S&T they would gut their team and be no better than Cleveland is now.
Raptors fans are soooo much worse. And Wizards fans. Fuck them 
That's insane, neither has even played 100 games in their career yet. They still have so much more room to grow. Just because they missed time due to injuries doesn't decrease their ceiling or room for improvement. 
Dude, just google rival.

This is semantics, granted, but you are trying to deny the definition of a word. The sixers, by being a legitimate playoff team, are now a rival in our division. You can deny that, but you will also be wrong
And /u/3ITKH will still call him terrible, worthless, etc when he misses a step back 3 in transition. 
he has transcended being scary I'm horrified 
And? You're not allowed to be a cranky fuck here?
I seriously don't know how he hasn't been banned yet
an injury ravaged team led by one scary boi 
Scary.
[Here's a pic](https://i.imgur.com/2XCIcdW.jpg) I took of our boy scary at the game last night.
I feel like that slick pass from Bird to Baynes should count as an assist even though he biffed it
Go back to the frigid north 
Frightening.
He almost had an absurd putback last night, the signs are there 
My bad
I literally called the teams he was on "bum teams", so I definitely am looking at the teams he has been on.

>He won't lead any contenders anytime soon

This is literally my point. And I didn't say it's all he'll ever be, I just said I get that feeling. I'm not calling him a bad player, but the jury's still out for things that are, and things that are not in his control. 
I hate the cherry picking stats nowadays
I don’t think this one is that bad, they acknowledge it’s a random stat and don’t really use it to make an argument 
I am only trading Terry in an AD deal sooo if that aint happening the Scary Terry is staying!
Makes $26million to jack up bad shots and play questionable defense... hard not to agree here... 
lesson #1. Le Reddetectives consider this serious business
I wish I took anything so seriously.  
The crazy thing is that even if he missed all of those five (going 8/17) he would still have 47% 3P%, scary. 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe the franchise's mascot is from Ireland 
If you just want to watch in your hotel or hostel, /r/nbastreams will sort you out.  

If you want to watch at a pub, I believe the platoffs are still carried on BT Sport in Ireland.  Your biggest problem is going to be the time difference. 1am tip offs mean you're fucked on weeknight games, especially if you're not in Dublin.  

For weekend afternoon games (evening in Ireland) just go to any pub with a ton of TVs and ask them to switch one that no one is watching.  As a protip, Google which BT channel the game will be on, and just ask for that.   Asking for the Celtics game means nothing.  If anything, theyll associate it with the Scottish Premier League club. Either that or they'll hit you with the Doc Rivers .gif face. 

If you're in Dublin, the Woolshed will show the games assuming they're open.  I'd start there. 
> He dresses like a gangster, isn't afraid to put a red paisley bandana over his face, as in he isn't afraid of the ramifications or the fall out

That would be because he is one haha. He's a member of the Bloods-affiliate GMB. 
We did, and we also had a game we lost by a lot against them.  You said we beat them both times we played this year
Next season is absolutely insane, Kyrie Jaylen Jayson and Gordon can both spread the floor, drive the basket, and score from anywhere on the floor.  With the advent of switch defenses they can just pass it around and work the mismatches all day long.
Jaylen doesn’t fuck around.
TIL: Regression to the mean
Sounds just like he’s reverting to his mean, honestly.   I mean, would you be blowing your load if I were to tell you he’s a 65% FT shooter, because that’s what the stats say.  
Fuck yeah
#Jabari Bird

Seriously, give him all those crazy Nader minutes. 

Please.
#TODAY MUST BE HALLOWEEN, BECAUSE TERRY ROZIER WAS SCARY AS FUCK TONIGHT.
Rozier 100% TS what the fuck 
Semi Ojeleye's highest scoring games in his career:

9 points - 11/1/2017 vs Kings

11 points - 3/25/2018 @Kings

Man, semi must hate the kings.
Celtics just won their 50th game of the season. Here's an excerpt from a conversation I had with co-workers the morning after Hayward's injury:

[https://i.imgur.com/LSRwuBA.png?1](https://i.imgur.com/LSRwuBA.png?1)
Not too bad of a return for Jaylen you could tell he was a step slow but he still found ways to get it done when it mattered.
Ive been saying this all year, NADER sucks, Allen or Bird should get a taste. Nader had his chance....Nader failed. 
I’m all in on having Hayward permanently in the bottom corner of the screen reacting to the boogie
EDIT: This was poorly worded, I mean that I want to use videos of Hayward playing fortnite and have his reactions in the bottom left at all times, to my knowledge he has never seen the boogie 
Obligatory "fuck Matt Moore"
100% TS for 100% ST (scary terry)
Wrong Terry Rozier is a FINALS MVP candidate. 
Well that would mean 0-9
Nope, not sure. Just saw Brad yelling and walking away from the end of the bench where Tatum was walking towards to sit down. For all I know he was calling the out of bounds play. That’s why I was wondering if anyone else saw it. 
I saw the Clippers up late when I made the comment but didn’t want to jinx it 
That's unfortunate that he earned a lifetime on the shitlist for that Tweet.
He fucking sucks. I want to gouge my eyes out every time he touches the ball.
Manu Ginobili and Marcin Gortat were picked 57th. Amir Johnson, Luis Scola and Ramon Sessions were picked 56th. Patty Mills at 55. And let’s not forget about our man IT.. you can be picked late and still be a serviceable player.
Also fuck Grayson Allen
Jaylen got an angry phone call from his mum at halftime
JB fucking up his fg % at the end 😭😭
Jaylen Brown going from a 50% free throw shooter to 90%+ is insane 
JABARI BIRD.

Seriously, give this man those crazy Nader minutes.
Sorry guys, downvote me to hell, but I hate Nader. He's so bad.

We'll win, though.
Jaylen getting roasted on D. :/
Terrible call
God damn Jayson is gonna be a fucking star
Is it just me or does Kosta Koufos (spell check) look like that dude that plays at the Y every weekend and goes hard af to have a stat line like 2/1/0 😂😂
What the fuck?
Kings have one of the sharpest looking courts in the league (except for that awful arena logo)
Scary Terry > Unanimous MVP Curry
Boy I hope Jabari replaces Nader in the rotation. It would be hard for him or anyone else to play worse.
Terry aint losing this game.
Terry is scary 
I hate the term ‘furbabies’ with every fiber of my being 
Rozier is fucking god
Scary Terry my god
Extra scary tonight 
Brad looking tense with sac's coach 
Baynes has terrible hands.
Jaylen looks rusty :(
Tatum is gonna have some dope game winners in his career 
I told you Jaylen will never be afraid of dunking.
TERRY SO SCARY
Thank god the concussion didnt fuck with Jaylen's FTs
Our guard situation is so fucked. Having to choose between Rozier and Smart sucks so badly.
When Monroe ain’t hitting the Larkin-Nader-Semi-Tatum-Monroe is just infuriating. 
Just checking in. Rozier has 7 triples wtf legooo
Scary ears
Upset scary tonight 
Scary Terry upgraded to **TERRY-FYING**
Scary is all over the court!
Monroes had a tough one but christ that pass by Bird was fire
When Monroe is bad he is very bad.
Moose finishing worse than Australia in the paint.

When do I wake up?
This is insane with Terry right now 
Dad just called game. 
Jaylen 100% from the line? League fucked.
Is this a home game? 
Sloppy game so far, but they’ll figure it out 
I hope this is a blowout.  We need to rest for tomorrow’s game
He dunked and limped :/
This is looking ugly
I'm sorry Momma Brown, but that's a dunk
Pre-concussion Jaylen would have yammed that :'(
I fucking hate playing in Sacramento
I'd rather watch whatever terrible halftime performance is going on than these terrible NBCS Boston halftime reports.
I’m still not sure what it was
Watching bagley makes me sad
It's getting scary in sactown 
Terry is a fucking legend
SCARY
Terry is way too scary.
This game is a lot closer than it needs to be. I miss you ________ (fill in any member of the C’s injured).
Not IT's record :(
Scary going for that 10th three.
Terry dialing up the Scary to Hellraiser levels...
Geesh. Greg can't finish anything in this game.
Moose's worst game for the C's 
Scary Terry....BITCH
Terry is oh so scary
terry is a fucking god
Why does TRo ball out when I can't watch the game??? God dammit
Monroe having a rough game
So hard to find a damn stream, NBA streams sucks lately.
Scary Terry baby 
Scary Terry 
Scary TERRY 
Yabu is playing hard
Well Semi, way to fuck up that Jayson pass
Someone just shouted out "Oh shit!" after Yabusele attempted a layup. 
More like Goofus this guy’s awkward

Edit: bad with names
God Jayson Tatum is a fucking monster 
Jayson tatums jumper makes me hard
Holy shit opponents shooting 38.5% is OUTRAGEOUS
Jaylen making up for that bad D
The Kings need to hurry and tank this game
Atta boy scary
SCARY TERRY IS THE GOAT
Tito the fucking man 
scary
my stream stopped wtf
Moose has been terrible tonight 
Tatum got a weird cut going on now 
Wtf Monroe, you legit brought your man up to get Tatum doubled.
Scary Terry baby 
Monroe is angry. ANGST MOOSE ENGAGE! 
Monroe has been horrible tonight 
Why is no one cutting??
Terry staying in.....he playing the rest of the game or what?
I don’t think I’ve seen a worse game than Monroe is having today. Damn man. 
Bad night for Moose.

2-10... damn.
Terry is fucking filthy
Rozier is in his fucking bag wtf
Bad defense all around for us.
It's weird seeing Scal talk in the backround, I always pictured announcers as disembodied voices when they're calling games.
Man, I get rust and all but Jaylen looks horrific on defense
Monroe is so fucking bad, holy shit man. Loses the ball every time he runs a pick and roll, never gets back on defense after missing a dumb ass hook shot, constantly screams for and 1's, and for some reason he keeps trying to set a pick for Tatum which results in him getting double teamed. Brad finally had to tell him to back the fuck up on that end of quarter shot. Worst player I've ever seen in my life. Would rather see a phil pressey-shane larkin dual PG lineup

All that shot making in the quarter and only up 2 lmfao. Shits a fucking joke
He likes how they make mistakes so it gives him content to barf in the game threads 
We could go 81-1 and that miserable fuck would be complaining about the loss.
Like r/nba post worthy insane
The way Nader awkwardly gallops frustrates the hell out of me.
Because the collective knee jerks HARD anytime we're losing in a game. 
I'm running out of screens, close NBA game in Indy, too. 
That's way too scary
I think I hate "doggo" more....but it's close
At what? Can't watch :(
Faster than Fox and Wall *combined*, that's what makes him Scary
Celtics and injuries

:(
I don't need no more injuries 
And he landed awkwardly came up limping :(
Flip over to CBS, 2 pt game with 1:25 to go
Hell yeah. Fuck Duke! (Except you Kyrie, Jayson and Semi) 
Was so confused, thought this was that game thread. I’m stoned.
Probably a stupid question, but did you try r/nbastreams? I never have any issues with buffstreams or velocityraps.
Because Yabu can't guard 2's though Nader's not exactly great at it either.
He plays lockdown D on our offense every game
Sorry man. Respect to Coach K, Bagley, and co.. Just curious as a Duke fan do you like Grayson? I cannot stand him (UConn fan/student) and I just feel like he’s a dirty guy like a Delly or Zaza. Where do you project he goes in draft and to which team? Sorry for laying it on you after a loss just curious. Anywho let’s go C’s!
We have a game tomorrow. Probably just rest. 
Ya that's kinda dumb they took it down.  
Please tell me how they are wrong for talking about Stephon Clark?
Kyrie and Tatum are disappointed with you
You have to admit he is absurdly negative at all times. It is odd, and therefore generates interest around the game threads. 
I kinda think dude is funny. Everyone loves to hate him but I kinda like having a contrarian around for shits and giggles.
I'd assume Bird's just getting some run to get some run here. Because why not?  

Monroe doesn't shoot 20% regularly so not sure what point you're making.
Yep, he gonna ignore the multiple game positive impact he’s had cause he had a bad night. Dude needs to chill. 
They won't "he explained why he's constantly so negative to them" so it gives him a licence to troll the board every single game. At least that's what the mods say, I don't get it.
I hate Goodell
Sacramento :/
Cant be worse than Bader
Yeah I know... It's not exactly Duke who I hate, it's that weasel Coach K
I’m still not sure what it was
Me either, he is terrible 
I think it'll just happen for him in the moment, in the flow of the game. That'll clear the cobwebs and we can all put the fall behind us.
I wanna see my Mook :(
This is a negative slippery slope that will only end in everyone getting pissed. Bad idea guys, you just lost some sales. 
I'm at the game, they are wearing them.
Bill Russell says, "Go fuck yourself."
Nope, never liked football
Not just basketball, every sport is now politicizing and alienating fans. 
Overrated by casual basketball fans who don’t watch NBA much, because of his popularity and flashy playstyle. Underrated by basically everyone else. 
He’s overrated by casual fans (and kids) in my opinion. He’s basically on the same level as Dame give or take. 
How is Kyrie a point guard if Harden isn’t? Kyrie is a transcendent scorer, and compared to other elite point guards he is deficient as a playmaker, and his defense doesn’t make up for that.
Someone on r/nba was telling me yesterday that Kyrie made the Celtics worse than last year. The takes there are ridiculous. 
It is frustrating how their hate for the Celtics clearly shows when you’re trying to have an actual discussion sometimes. 
Morris being out is a bad sign 
WTF is this even supposed to mean?
FOLKS,,,

Even the C's serious Twitter account is getting in on the meme's and jokes. 
I don't think that will ever happen unfortunately
still nut to that portland game winner
Nnnnnnnno, eye test. I don't remember getting frustrated at Kelly, Crowder and Smart chucking brick after brick which costs us games this season. Past few years? Every other game and then Isaiah has to pull us out of crap.


I wish I saw this sooner, I'm at the game
If its at all questionable, he should sit, the Kings want to lose this game anyways so we could play Yabusele and Semi for 40 mins and probably still blow them out.
Because "we're not going over the cap" which is absurd, Wyc said luxury tax is no problem
I think you mean ligament damage
I reacted poorly to the whole trades in the other season. Kyrie trade and trading away Avery Bradley. I am an idiot. I have spent all season apologizing to friends.
Except he doesn’t hate the Celtics at all. Unfortunately, people get way too offended over his tweets. 
Don't forget that at that time we were trying to trade every pick and their brother's for Justise Winslow. So a lot of people were disappointed about that. Man, can you imagine if today we had Winslow instead of Rozier and Tatum? That shit would bring out tears.
Shit [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/3b5lrk/post_game_thread_2015_nba_draft_reaction_thread/csj2wmy/) was on point! 
I don’t remember any Tatum hate. Jaylen on the other hand was routinely panned 
The Jaylen hate was insane.
I think the chances of a number 6 or 7 pick being better than Kyrie is very unlikely.  Kyrie was the number one pick of his draft, and he hasn't disappointed at all.
Damn I just watched some tape on him too :/
Seriously though why hasn’t he played since like November?
By an outrageous margin, yes
Unfair question. Mook has the advantage of playing under Brad on the Celtics. AB has been dealt around. I like Mook, but I still prefer AB
I could be wrong but didn’t we trade Jeff Green for that pick?
Also, using the fact that the other team ALSO lost the trade is a very weird way to try and defend what Ainge did.
You may have a point, but that is a ludicrously bad analogy
Tony Mazz didn't say shit about a wire!
I think you should feel miserable, but then again, I'm a sadist
What time does the parade start?
With Gordon and kyrie? Game 7 wouldn’t even be an option
>5

That's a weird way to say 4
If only :(
Do we have his bird rights? I don’t know how that works with a DPE contract. I would doubt it and if so no way we sign him unless we use the MLE, which would mean losing Baynes. 
Jay king also posted an article about how bad was playing
Dude you are a moron. I hope nobody ever hires you for a GM job
Agreed. It's hard to see past the unreasonable attachment AND he's wholesome.
> Mitchell has basically reached his ceiling as a rookie

What? That is ridiculous to me. To think a rookie has hit his ceiling already is nonsense
13 ppg last year, can shoot, definitely don’t hate this.
No more Nader
4.5 points in under 10 minutes. 

That being said his shot selection is horrible
[SCARY TERRY!!](https://imgur.com/a/RygG0)
Brad deserves COTY so fucking much this year it’s insane and nobody can talk me out of it. No coach in the league other than pop raises a player so high above their expected production. Rozier and Morris putting up nearly 40 a game together since the injury bug hit hard is insane.
Aren’t you the one who said terry was the worst player in the nba to get consistent minutes 
The fact that you’re downvoted basically says it all about this sub, unfortunately. 
Agreed. Not many people are talking about Larkins play, but I couldn't be happier with it. He fully exceeded my expectations for him this season
Oh okay. So regardless of contract, experience or any concrete reasons you assign expectations and if the person doesn’t meet these randomly assigned and often unfair expectations then you are disappointed. Noted. 
I believe in you. I mean after all, you’re u/airmagswag 
I wish he could use them to finish a dunk =( I don't think I've ever seen a guy get stonewalled at the rim like he has been this season.
Horford hasn't been himself since the all star break. Wonder if he's still sick, or dealing with a nagging injury behind the scenes.

 #GetWellSoon #PlayoffHorford
I'll keep this simple- Lets fucking go boys!!
I mean, Pop is still doing quite well for the number of injuries their stars have had.
I saw that too, was really annoying because him and Mook should honestly never just be sitting in the corners for consecutive possessions with the injury’s we have.
The shocking thing is we literally only have one guy in Europe who does the brunt of the work and guys like Austin Ainge who occasionally travel there. 
Wait, seriously? You have a source on this?
Yeah I haven't looked into it, but he must have. I mean he go cut from the nets? Like what happened,
[Here](http://hoopshype.com/2017/07/20/shane-larkin-leaves-lots-of-money-on-table-to-sign-with-celtics/)

I actually got the numbers wrong, he was expected to be paid 6.5m over two years (so 3.25m for one).

I think the gamble is paying off though, teams would be crazy not to make him some sort of offer this offseason.
The Boston Globe article on him said he's watched at least one basketball game in EVERY European country and he's racked 300,000 airline miles.
10-0 you forgot to factor in Scary Terry mode. 
i never count the nets out. we almost lost to them last time (before london game) if not for kyrie's and jayson's heroics. they play hard. also, they have no reason to tank
Just dumb. Stop. Cheering for injuries is just a shitty thing to do. 
They have, but still fuck em.
I mean under that logic Chicago wrecked us just this year.
I hate the heat I would never be a heat fan after Pierce got ejected for that Wade bullshit but no thanks, die hard C's guy and never changing
I would let him fuck my mother
Can you believe morons don’t think he’s COTY?!?
Fucking Canadians /s
Damn that's terrifying
Still can’t believe Evans got the contract he got. $17 mil a year to average 8 pts a game geez 
You mean Doc 
Baynes is the Celtics starter you fucking twat. 
Every team starts first rounders you moron, this isn’t the nfl. Noob.
Isaiah didn’t even play in the game they won too. Brad = GOAT
As a lifelong Patriots and Red Sox fan who constantly has to try and convince people that we aren't all terrible, I can relate to what you're saying 100% and shouldn't let Reddit taint my view of an entire fan base. I'll try and cut down on the salt. 
FUCK THE PREDICTION MACHINE WITH THAT 5% CHANCE
Predickhead machine didn’t know about:

Shane Larkin
Al Horford 
Terry Rozier
MARCUS MORRIS
JAYSON TATUM
^^or...

#THE BOSTON FUCKING CELTICS
WE DEFY ODDS EVERY DAY, BITCH
where does marcus morris rank along the all time nba greats? I say hes numba 1.
Al Horford showed up when we needed.

That man overcame all that bullshit that people were saying in the game thread.

Tatum too.
Stupid prediction machine, you are so dumb. Dumb machine.
Holy fuck. 
Silly prediction machine forgot to factor in 3/23
SLIM MARCUS BABY. 

...

FUCK, NOW I MISS MARCUS :'(
I adore this so, so, so, so much. The Al "Can't Rebound" Horford shit is fucking bull! 
wOrSt cOnTRaCt eVEr
avery had his game winners too :( I still miss him
Thank you, I’m sorry to hear about your dog. Cherish every moment you have with your little pupper 
Bad bot
u/1337speak [was secretly KG all along](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcNkHRQVaL8)
i’m not mad at you, i’m disappointed
I was out on him mid-season. I'm sorry I doubted you, Brad.
Evan's playmaking skills are underrated imo. He's also a tough defender when he was here
FUCK THE PREDICTION MACHINE
I've literally never criticized the refs on these threads but they are awful tonight
FUCK 3ITHK
Brad Stevens should be the COTY after this game
Fuck the horford haters. What a fucking game!!!
Don’t let Tatum being awful tonight distract you from the fact that Rozier has been fucking awful tonight 
Fuck the prediction machine.. your casinos are garbage btw
One possession game! I worked 70 hours this week, super exhausted, but I ain't sleepin' on our boys!
That stupid phantom call on Morris against McCollum was a bullshit, late game momentum swinging play
Iso Marcus is fucking dirty
MARCUS MORRIS IS A BAD MAN
Hey another injury cuz why the fuck not
Aside from a few just bad games like the last one, Nader really isn't a bad player, at least not deserving of all the hate here tbh.

Definitely can't defend his last game though. 
Refs are tilting hard rn
#OH YM FUCKING GOD
Is Al gonna do fucking anything tonight?
At the game. Got a signature from scal!
My friends who REFUSE to go to Celtics games with me  or hang out late at night, are seeing Purdue vs. Texas Tech at TD Garden tonight at 10:26 p.m....  Can't believe they aren't as hyped up about the Celtics.
Fuck Lil B. There I said it. Fuck him and fuck his blessing. 
This offense without Kyrie is pretty bad
Calling it now: this will forever be remembered as The Nader Game. 
Ball don't lie. Fucking refs
Is it just me or are there not many calls in this game? Either way. Terry with a dirty move there and got crushed.
Oh shit, Mad Brad
Has the whole game been this frustrating?
Can Moose get a fucking foul call?
I still have hope for this game. I don't know why but I do  
Tatum's finger rolls are so ridiculous looking because of his length
Man, Fuck these dick-suckin refs. Bunch of dicks. 
Lovinggggg how Monroe and Larkin are playing these past few games.
I hate how they call fouls any time a defender turns his shoulders..
the refs have been absolutely atrocious
ROOKIE OF THE FUCKING YEAR
3/23 makes me sad now

FeelsBadMan
Came all the way down to portland from Canada to watch the Celtics! Sad Jaylen, Kyrie and Smart are out but looking forward to watching Scary Terry and Tatum go off!
This game is flying by!
fuck 3/23
Abdel Nader may start an NBA game for us 
Where is that guy that said Monroe is terrible 
the fuck was that?
Baynes can't fucking catch a break, they call him for that ticky-tack foul...
Cmon boys, stay tough and get this to single digs
Let's not let this sloppy game distract us from the fact that yabu's ass is the size of the moon
Oh my god, shitty call at the end but Semi with the insane footwork on D there
FUCK YOU PORTLAND!! WOOO
10pm games fuck me up. I’m usually not this drunk during the 4th...
WEAK call
unfortunate
Terrible call
Maannn when I think reffs are bad in hockey I just need to watch basketball.
I'm getting flashbacks to last season with all these offensive rebounds we're giving up :(
It's about time for that clutch late game Terry 3...
SCARY
WHAT THE FUCK HAS GOTTEN INTO MARCUS MORRIS
Ridiculous call
BAD call, jesus christ
We got this, LET'S FUCKING GOOO!!
Al "Can't be arsed if the game isn't on the line" Horford, thank you
In brad we trust. Also mook and scary got the ill dap
Horford has unarguably been an immense disappointment since the allstar break
Shut the fuck up about Al Horford
Nurkic seems to be foul proof. Farking blind refs!
Portland allowed to play tough and we're not allowed to cough
Jesus. I hate Marcus Morris but he’s doing it. Hope he keeps shutting me up 
Hopefully Terry's shooting gets hotter as the game goes on. Can't afford an off night from him.
Fuck I was filling up my water bottle so I missed Mook getting banged up... WTF HAPPENED? :'(
Wow, only down 3. Shocking
MOOK IS MY FUCKING FATHER
Oh I’m sorry I didn’t realize this was 2k
Bad end to the half, but we're definitely hanging in there, we've got this.
This is one mucky ugly ass basketball game. I miss Smarf
Scary Terry baby 
Brad is mad 
Terry's face :[
Fuck yea Moose!
fuck yeah JT. 
Tatum is a fucking superstar.
What an ugly miss by Yabu 
Even Ojeleye's defense is disappointing lately...
Aminu been killin us all game
They go small and Al still can't grab a board.
Scary fucking Terry 
HORFORD GET THAT SHIT OUTTTA HERE!
WHAT THE FUCK
Havent commented all game but MORRIS IS A BAD BAD MAN
If you don't think Brad 10000% deserves COTY then you're a big dumb idiot
They're doing Marcus dirty with these foul calls 
Fuck that foul
FUCK the refs
FUCK YES
FUCK YES GO CELTICS
Ball game 
That's game fam.
Fuck yeeeesssssss
hahaha fuck yea fuck the celtics !!
pls end now raptors game k thnx
Kyrie :(
marcus morris just rolled his ankle fuck
we fucked
These refs are fucking TRASH
i swear baynes gets 2-3 dunks blocked every game
YABU FUCKING SELE
we seem tired 
Mannnn, The Kings are gonna get fucked up XD 
rare bad game from Larkin
What a WEAK call
Where the fuck is the foul
tatum goin hard helllll yeah
Tatum should have to hang out w Garnett. Make his ass mean
That dude who just rolled his arms in the travelling motion just made me irrationally angry

stfu man
Shout-out to Morris for keeping them in the game when nobody else could score 
Fuck that lame ass foul call 
If you're not gonna score at least box out 
I hate when teams take horrible shots but get lucky with a long offensive rebound
Had no idea morris' offensive game was this polished when they traded for him 
Aminu has had an insane game for them. 
Holy fuck Al 
SCARY TERRY BABY FUCK YA!
FUCK OUTTA HERE
...the fuck outta here
Wtf they bodying up all over Larkin every time and they call that 
god fucking damn marcus morris
this quarter has been FUCKING NUTS
I love this fucking team!!!
Morris has been unbelievable past few games!!!
What a fucking nutty game.
HOLY SHIT ARE WE GOING TO CLUTCH THIS. FUCK YES. MOOK. SCARY TERRY. HORFORD. TATUM.
This is the karma elastic bounce back we get 'cause Avery's food was not on the fucking line
This game is so tense and exiciting 
GG FTW btchs .. what a game .. Celtics m8
Harden and Lillard are the most terrifying clutch players in the league 
Terrible bail out call 
This might be Al's worst game as a Celtic
Can Monroe stop complaining to the refs after every bit of contact, just play the game ffs...
Papa Johns sucks
Monroe has really bad hands. 
Could this be the worst game of the season? 
Man I hate the rookie wall
guys idk if i want to continue being a celtic fan now that hayward AND irving are injured and we have been on the decline the past couple months smh :(
Y’all have the worst commentators in the league
Larkin can't defend either CJ or Dame, and Al continues to be terrible at putting the ball in the basket. This is atrocious. It would help if Rozier could run an offense, but he can't. Guys are fooling yourselves if you think this team has a prayer in any round without Kyrie.

And stop feeding Monroe in the post ffs. It is not good offense. He was a terrible signing, just bench him and get over it. This is fucking painful to watch. Terrible offense and defense. But hey, I'm sure everyone will get hyped about us "overcoming injuries" when we beat the Suns and Kings

Every post game thread basically counts
but-but-but Dwayne Casey got the Raptors to shoot 3s this year, fucking stroke of genius!
#FUCK 3ITKH
What does that even mean
  Your baby is Kyrie?
There was a random stretch at the beginning of the 2nd I think where they called any contact for 3-4 possessions on each end. The Turner foul for instance seems like it wouldn’t have been called at the end of the quarter. 
He's BALLING lately huh?
Brad makes Abdel fucking Nader serviceable in this league. He can do it with anyone. 
Thick too
I hate hate hate those takes. Like, sure, having 2 rebounds for a man his size is a little weird but can we like...trust the foundation of our team for a bit? This sub sometimes, man. 
Fucking Kyle.
Crazy to think he was out of the league for a year
you fucking called it!!!
Needed that one. Game changer
Weird way to spell Mook
It's never been his game to focus on scoring 
Theis:(
Monroe. Which I think is too slow for the pace of the game rn
stars also get whistles unfortunately
That’s the worst opinion I have ever heard
Yeah Moose can't dunk in an NBA game
It's jerking off time, fuck the Blazers 
You forgot scary terry
How can one man be so negative
Maybe you should fucking leave.
I think we should fuck around with Tatum handling and try him and al in a fee pnrs 
I preferred the game threads while you were banned.
You are the worst
No? It's not even that  bad.
Dude fucking get banned already 
Sick troll my man idk if I'd want to continue being a laker fan if they're gonna miss the playoffs every fucking year tho 
This shtick is so dumb.  There is no way you actually want Perk over Monroe.  Holy fuck you're annoying.
You are so fucking annoying.
why are you here? serious question. 
Thank you! She’s got the mittens on so you can’t see her hands. The nurse said she had basketball player hands. So I explained her name to the nurse. She had no idea what I was talking about. At least you guys do. 
this is reddit. crazy overly clingy is what we do
Bad bot
Seriously, at least wait for the kid to turn 10 before criticizing him. 
Seriously. If he can't get it this year then I don't know who can.
never mind. fuck
Ah my bad. I could count the pixels on my feed
Yep now I’ll allow it, fuck em
The bench? Horford is playing terribly, as is Rozier, who has been in the league long enough. Injuries aren't an excuse for this terrible pick and roll defense
For having an opinion? He's negative... but banned? 
No response, cause like he said, it's useless to comment on something irrelevant.
Damn, that sucks. I wish I had friends who would get Celtics tickets for us. 
 But that's what i do and I'm not this angry
It's a stupid shtick.  Half the shit he says isn't even true.  
At least u said my username 
Bad troll. Bad. 
Just take it one game at a time, as long as we play with the confidence that we’ve had for majority of the season I believe we can at least make it to ECF 
3/11 was such a bad day. My girlfriend also dumped me and I failed a midterm exam that day.
March 2018, arguably the worse stretch of injuries the Cs have dealt with. Just one after another. Unreal
And 5-4 record :/
March Sadness :/
Can’t be any worse than Nader.  I’m game
Knew it was such a bad take had to jump on your throwaway account to post...
No more FA's, give me Point-Yabu. It's time.
I’m very sad
It shouldn't matter for Bird or Allen, since they won't affect the roster spots since the G-League season is going to end and they won't run out of their 45 days on the 2 way before then. Not sure if it's Trey Davis or they have someone in mind.
Oh shit, I didn't recognize him as the UMass player when I saw his name. He was a couple years behind me. That'd be dope!
Having our young up-and-comers in Jayson/Brown be our 4th and 5th option will be insane. They will destroy the teams that are focused on Kyrie, Hayward, and Horford.
Thank goodness we should at least know by tomorrow. I'm tired of waiting to find out what's going to happen. 
And in future news based on our luck this season, Celtics announce that something has gone terribly awry.
I find it hysterical the KOC gets endless shit for being a "Boston homer" when he's clearly shied away from any effusive Boston praise just to avoid that. But meanwhile all of the Philly people over there lose their shit about "The Process" daily, but no one talks about a "Philly bias" at The Ringer. Why is KOC the only one there that basically has to give up his fandom to get respect?
Washingtonion here at the game as well 
Is it too late to tank?
I think we meme'd a little too hard on the 3/23 fellas. Got the reverse effect.
3/23 meme deserves to die this hard. Burn. 
AAAA I boughtt tickets for the Celtics at Bucks game and my favorite player wont play. Probably gonna lose :( get well soon everyone
I'm a Packers fan.  I go through this shit every other goddamn year with Rodgers.  Now I have to have it in my basketball life, too?  Fuck sports so hard.
This is some sick joke. Meme 3/23 and when it arrives find out Kyrie will have surgery.

EDIT: AND THEY BOTH HAVE THE SAME BIRTHDAY
Hard to not be negative with this injury spree that looms the Boston Celtics.
I am numb, I feel nothing
It's about to be crazy, G?
Eh Al/Jayson/Jaylen isn't the worst and Mook/Terry/Moose have really stepped up. 
Your username is terrible 
Fuck you
Could be wrong, but if it’s truly only a irritation issue, this is all I can think of.  Could be longer than 4 weeks too, but no more than 6
Worst offseason ever
I’m hoping it isn’t terrible. So he’ll probably make it back by 2nd round? I have no inclination to rush him
youre wrong
That picture is scary 
Well, at least Hayward will stay. Not sure if we're gonna keep Baynes.
The way Theis speaks, sounds further from angry than anything else. 
Jumping on a treadmill sounds dangerous 
So we’ll call him a game time decision for tonight 
I think everyone knows that. They are just holding out hope until tonight so the meme can live on. After today though I hope everyone shuts up about his return this season. It’s getting annoying. 
It was fuck Ray Allen in 2012 and still fuck Ray Allen in 2018.
Fuck Ray Allen.
You gotta be kidding me with this effing guy
I mean, we all knew this, right? The only teams that ever beat us were terrible, because half the team didn’t play hard. 
This fucking dude...
I like having that championship and none of this soap opera crap can change that.
Ray is being such a petty bitch. The worst stuff the others have said about him is that they didn't like how he shut them out and didn't talk to them before leaving, and that he didn't go to their charity events... even Rondo kept his mouth shut about Ray on that Area 21.

Then Ray fucking does all of this crap with his book. I'll always get Rondo/PP/KG's backs over Ray.
Seriously. I never jumped on the Ray Allen hate train either and thought people needed to let it go but after reading this stuff? Sign me up. 
I was fuck ray Allen for a few years.  But over time it seemed petty to keep hating him. 


This book though.  Ugh.  Snitches get stitches.  
Seriously. Can't wait until KG comments on this nonsense.

Fuck Ray. It's one thing to go after Rondo, but this fool needs to watch himself when he goes after the Truth.
No I've only ever seen him do that weird half-smile smirk thing
It's bout to be crazy, G!
Fucken depressing that both are injured
Sorry to hear that, my dog died earlier this month too. I had him for almost 13 years. What breed was your dog?
3/23, RIP.

Sorry for your loss my friend 
Next season if we have any injury luck is going to be sick tho. Wish it was October 2018 already. 
I'll bring the sugar to throw on those bad boys
Dude, NBA should totally have a yearly blacktop game. With chain baskets! 
God damn. Fucking chills 
Dude your dad wouldn’t let you stay up for that?

I’m sorry my dude
Adam Silver. Sorry
As a Grizz fan ^^^pls ^^^kill ^^^me...

We're bad because we have no talent without Mike & Marc. We have one of it not the worst FOs in the league (if we land the #1 pick I can literally see us not taking Ayton/Doncic). But I personally think the 19 & 20 picks will be more valuable than the 21 pick, FWIW.
You basically have to hope for something similar to this past season to replicate all the way until 2021. That's highly unlikely, no matter how bad the FO has been
It’s hard to be bad for that long the Grizz don’t have a notoriously bad front office either 
Chris Wallace is a terrible gm like hilariously bad. No free agent who matters is going to Memphis.  He can't really draft so no it's a high possibility the grizzlies are bad for that long.
The fucking things he did to this organization👎🏼👎🏼😡

Traded Joe Johnson away, traded for alcoholic vin baker and his ridiculous contract....

Drafted the truth tho! 
Pitino traded Joe Johnson.  Wallace was Pitino's successor.

*Edit:* Nope.  I'm totally wrong.  It was Wallace.  I confused this trade with Pitino's trade of Chauncey Billups.
your not very bright if you think danny is trading rozier
Are you responding to me? I’m confused
Not sure how this relates to the Celtics but I'll pose a question. If Giannis's body wasn't so freakish would he still be an NBA player? 
This makes me sad. Hopefully he doesn't listen to his mother.

What we need is no more *bad dunking

Him and Hayward can get together and study dunking physics. What you do is host the forum at MIT so Jaylen and all his smart buddies come, but you demo on an Xbox so Hayward has all the e-sports guys.... which is probably 90% of the MIT student body too


We all thought he was a bit careless with his dunks, maybe this will help fix that.
Of course his mom is going to say this she saw her soon have a terrifying fall. 
Jaylen needs to know how to fucking land properly. Every dunk highlight I've seen him, he doesn't seem to know how. He gets high no problem, but learn to fucking land so you won't hurt yourself. Also helps for longevity.
Yeah my ma said no more drunking but that didn’t stop me
Just no more two handers 
Don’t do this to us mama Brown :(
This was a joke and it won’t affect his game to all those concerned  xD
Mom got dunked on in the past
Or at least throws it down instead of grabbing rim. Thunderous dunks don’t need you to pull down on the rim. Just get it in the hoop!
I’d try my hardest to resign at least one of those two
That's it?

I figured you must have rubbed somebody the wrong way or something. What a childish reason to down vote a comment. 

How dare you not overrate him, man!
I think you'll get too see Jaylen play but Kyrie right now is doubtful
Even without kuzma you couldn’t underestimate how shamelessly they tanked the past few years to keep their pick.  No incentive to lose this season. 
It'd be weird not seeing Walt on the sideline hyping up our guys. But our coaching staff has always been killer, and they deserve whatever opportunities come their way.
WHAT THIS IS INSANE
Number 1 Ray Allen is a butt hurt whiny little B!TCH who is trying to make money!

E: Formatting
KG probably saw how ugly Noah's jumper was and thought to himself: "that guy is clearly jerking me off. Why bother trying to learn how? Ain't no way that boy could manage it anyway!"
Fuck outta here, he still Boston royalty and I'll take all the motherfucking downvotes reddit can muster up. All three of those mother fucker are BOSTON ROYALTY, put some mother fuckin respect on that name. 
I have an eerie feeling he may be shutdown for the year 
Worst Case Scenario... Kyrie has surgery and misses ROS... then Scary Terry builds up tremendous trade value going into the summer showing he is an above avg starting pg in this league... add him to an MJaylen and Yabu salad along w/ the SAC pick and maybe another 1st... and get a contract to match salaries... Anthony Davis here we come...
For a team that had finals aspirations this summer, being relegated to a tough first round exit is depressing 
Never cared for the midget. Crowder was cool but boring. You got me with AB I still don't like Morris.
man fuck that
Holy fuck no.
This fucking sub sometimes...
Can’t you just imagine Cousy yelling “and one!!” 73 times that game?
Fuck the 76ers
I mean the broadcast commentary was rememberable to say the least 
I sync up the radio and tv and mute the tv. Streaming the game and listening to Grande is the way to go. 
How can you do that, tho? The radio is ahead and my streams are usually well behind
Fake news
I don’t think it’s a terrible idea. If there is any risk of him overcompensating because of the discomfort and really hurting his knee I’d rather him get the surgery. We’re basically capped as a 2nd round team anyways.
I said I’d look but I just drank and played video games and I’m tired
I watched the stream for about 30 min... Haywards actually nasty 

He also said he had no setback  
Dude started playing this game like 3 days ago and he's already making ppl hold his nuts.
Genuinely curious what is there to hate about a free game?
probably the fact that it's blowing every other game out of the water in terms of popularity
Tried to get friends into it at a lan party. They hated it. They were making fun of it because of how you can instantly build cover when getting shot. 
This is like saying "I hate apples" and someone is like why? and you say "I'm allergic to all fruit"
Except it isn't a low quality game and if you hate multiplayer games in general then it isn't fortnite specific. 
if you die, do you have to spectate until the game is over or do you get into another game?
I find it repetitive and boring, sorry mate. That’s not “making up arguments”, it’s just what I feel. I don’t need 1k-10k hours to judge that, I get bored after literally 10 minutes in a game like fortnite. Shooting things has zero appeal to me. What happened to “to each his own”? Why are you people so mad it’s really hard to understand. 
That's a ridiculous analogy, but if we're playing this game... it would be like saying "I hate oranges", someone asks why? and I say "I hate all citrus fruits". Which is a totally valid argument. 

I love videogames, that doesn't mean I have to love all genres or types out there. I didn't mean to offend you by saying that I hate Fortnite.
So what?.. I hate all multiplayer games, including Fortnite which is the subject of this video. Are you guys this desperate? I’m sorry I said I don’t like your favorite game. Jeez. 
I guess what I was trying to say is why are you weighing in on a multiplayer game if you hate all multiplayer games? If I hate all country music I'm not going to offer my opinion on any one particular song because I don't "get" the whole genre.
No it was just a really stupid and pointless comment when you give that reasoning.
Yea, because chiming in to say my comment “isn’t Fortnite specific” wasn’t stupid and pointless? Lol. You’re spending time debating a stranger who doesn’t like a game and you call THAT stupid and pointless? ...What is your end goal here, do you work for Blizzard? 
Get over it man. I hate Fortnite. Your dissecting and nitpicking of my comment won’t make me change my mind. You’ll have to learn to live with the fact that out there someone thinks this game is garbage. 
Pointlessly adding in that you hate the game makes you an asshole and then saying you specific hate this game because you hate all multiplayer games makes you look like a bigger asshole.
Then maybe you should stop responding since you keep saying this is pointless? You seem to care a lot. You're upset
It seems to me you can't control yourself... You can't accept the fact that I couldn't care less about your insults, while still aknowledging that you are in fact being rude and offensive. Those are two separate concepts. As all internet trolls do, you get all riled up with childish words like "triggered" and "hipster", instead of engaging in rational discussion, and you won't let go until you've convinced yourself you've managed to make someone out there feel miserable, as that provides you with the arousment you crave for. Unfortunately, it won't work with me. 
Well at least there shouldn't be a lack of Jae Crowder
What game will he play?
I'm guessing Fortnite since it's the hottest game today. 
I turned the game off at 30seconds left..FUCK ME!!🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Anyone know what unlikely result happened 4,315 games ago?
Westbrook lost it almost as much as we won that game. He shot like 3 stupid 3's in the last few minutes, all when they had plenty of time on the shotclock.
Damn, I've learned not to turn off the Brad Stevens Celtics even if it looks impossible. With him as a coach, and with the players we have, there is always a chance, no matter the chances.
I never stop watching any game ever since I saw Tmac get 13 in 35 seconds. Anything can happen in the NBA
He should finish games but that doesn’t mean he needs to start. 
https://twitter.com/celticsradio/status/976285971942539264


Radio Call of Mook game winner
this squad is insane! we bleed green
Travel. Sorry. 
Broadcast call was pathetic. It was silence. Wtf.
Maxwell went on a tangent there about what you need to do to kills this Celts team.  You gotta stab them in the heart, then burn them, then let the sun come up in the morning over their cold, dead body.

Cornbread got real dark.
Fuck the bots, the Celtics prediction machine also sucks. 
Abdul Nader hands down!!!
*"Oh...... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!"* WTF is that color commentary. 
Impossible. He was drafted last year
I mean what he wrote isn't inherently wrong, just a little hyperbolic
Sir Terence the Frightening 
It was a bad joke 
"last ___of the game" you always know what we want to see on  every close game 
Like Tatum after dunking at the end of the Rockets game
yeah that was some real weak "we've already won this game" D from westbrook right there
Doesn’t that mean he should be worried?  I’m confused.
Not sure if that makes him immature though?
Saw that on the post game show and busted out laughing. 
Holy fuck
Kyrie be like oooh that boy nasty
The third pick carries a bad team.  That’s his job.
Crazy how Horford, Brown, and Tatum were all #3 picks.
"players only" sucks.  They didn't say a damn thing.  There was some faint moaning after the shot went in, but that was it.
ayy I was at that game too! 
How can you not love this man. KG bleeds green
Seriously tho, what is with KG and the hoodie taped to his head
That TV shouldn't be on the floor, it looks like an uncomfortable viewing experience. Just put it on a stand so it's eye-level.
They should make KG watch in a near-claustrophobic sized room to watch a playoff game, see if he manages to bust down the walls it like the Hulk or the Kool-Aid Man.
“Who’s wrong? Not me!”
Seriously. Who the fuck was that guy
Marcus Morris a tough guy I like him.
Did Mike and Tommy do the game? If so anyone have the streamable?
What the fuck is this call 
What a shot. Only wish it was Heinsohn making the call instead of this Player Only crap. 
Dude the commentators were so fucking bad in this game. 

Completely silence while the play was starting

Morris gets the ball.. “oh”

Morris pump fakes then shoots ball

Ball goes in

“Ooooooooooooooooh”
Fucking ruined it
No it was a nationally televised game.
I mean they're in a crazy playoff race with no room for error and a vicious schedule and they're playing a team without two starters and Smart who is essentially a starter anyway. They did need that game a lot more than we did. 
Sorry, I'm so fuckin excited so I made a mistake. Really Sorry!!
That’s a horrible idea. Is this a new thing? Or have they been doing it all year?
What game
"damn tough loss"


-me, 2 minutes ago
#COACH OF THE FUCKING YEAR, DON'T @ ME
MARCUS MORRIS IS SO FUCKING CLUTCH
Ban me, I said the game was over
What a game!!! Heck of a game for Long Boi
I couldnt watch game at work and I saw we were down 8 with like 10 seconds left... WTF HAPPNED 
Sugar Shane, Money Mook, Scary Terry, Long Dong Tatum. 
WHAT A FUCKING GAME
Scary terry with the pull up three in Westbrook’s face to get it to one possession
MORRIS WITH THE WINNER!!! WHAT A GAME. 
Shame we didn’t have Tommy on the call. He would have been busting a nut watching sugar Shane ball the fuck out on both ends. 
TNT with the worst call of the year. Watch the last play where mook hits the shot. There was no enthusiasm whatsoever. Awful. I turned it off and tuned into Grande and Max.
Save me from this players only crap
You fucking naysayers
FUCK THE OKLAHOMA CIRY THUNDER
HOLLLY SHIT THAT WAS CRAZY

IM HYPE
The fuck happened to melo
LETS FUCKING GOOOO!!!!
Can’t believe I missed this game, ugh. 
Where the hell is the leash Jaylen Brown had last year? Nader is the worst Celtic of the Brad Stevens era...yet he gets big minutes, I know we have injuries, but give Bird/Allen a chance, they cant be worse. 
It is literally unbelievable how bad he is. THAT DUDE was the G-league ROY? I feel like he would struggle to get minutes on a mid-major DI team.

I feel bad for him because there's a chance it's just nerves but the guy flat out looks like he can't play. 
The fucking heart of this team. LET'S FUCKING GO.
With Tatum on the floor: +25.
Without Tatum on the floor: -22. Or something crazy like that.
Didn't see PG hugging Jayson :(
Remember when Avery Bradley for Marcus Morris was a horrible trade?
I've said at least 30 hail terrys
Hit the game winner three.
Too bad it wasn’t TELEVISED IN MY REGION
Don't worry, timi will 100% post the end of the game like he does for crazy games
I'm also an idiot, did this, and need to know how this was possible?
i mean for the playoffs
I was watching it on league pass and TNT games are always broadcast at weird angles. I saw it from behind Westbrook so all I saw was the ball going straight to the basket. 
No, you turning the TV off is what turned the mojo around. u/brianundies gets the game ball!
That was tough to watch 
Because Nader is a fucking baller 
It is, but my cable provider must have messed something up so it wouldn’t come up. So depressed. Waited all day for the game.
I wish Gorman was calling this game. 
Tatum getting ahead of the game and having a kid at 19 because he knew how dangerous the NBA is to your testicles
"The Tatum Game"
Wtf Westbrook shoves Rozier our of the way to get the steal and it’s a foul on Rozier?
Nader has looked awful out there..
terry
-
ROZIER
-
SCARY
I don't really think this is insane question yet I got killed for it

https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/85xa5i/game_thread_oklahoma_city_thunder_4329_boston/dw0yks5/
Call a fucking foul on Melo

Reaching all over him
Man, I thought James young was bad..... Nader has him beat
scary af
I wish they forced coaches to wear jerseys one night, so I could see Brad's guns
Tatum' s biggest weakness in his game is that he knows how to pass
Raymond looks gassed. Get that man a chicken wing 
I genuinely believe Nadar is the worst basketball player ive ever seen 
Nader is about to retire from basketball after this game 
Tatum still needs to work on holding on to the ball when he drives but MAN those quick crossovers and hesitations are fuckin filthy 
SCARY MOTHERFUCKING TERRY!
Jaylen Brown not on the bench anymore. Weird.
Here come the fucking refs
Semi’s shot gets uglier by the game. 
Oh shit is this players only?

Edit: yep fuck me
excuse me is nader fucking playing the 2?
Nader holy fuck bro
oh fuck you the redclaws thing is our joke.
Just play Larkin 35 minutes. No more Nader
Wtf is Nader doing.....out there.....on the floor 
Ojeleye has to stop hesitating and start saying FUCK IT... I’m going for it
I am usually a Nader apologist but this is bad 
Nader game winner calling it now
Cannot stand Nader generally being terrible at every aspect of basketball
Scary landing. Dunks have become stressful for me. 
tatum shaking his head like, "you putting this slow ass dude on me??"
AL wtf
Horford looks bad rn man
Players Only is awful. Give me Chuck.
Am I just getting old or does this John Cena’s daughter wants to have sex movie look terrible to you guys too?
Westbrook is so ugly 
These OKC jerseys are ugly af.
Nader is fucking awful
I just can't deal with Nader... I'm trying so hard...
This game thread > this game 
HOLY FUCK T-RO!
Horford is playing like a confused rookie. What is happening?
 refs hate Baynes
Larkin you filthy dog
MARCUS "FUCK OT" MORRIS
Pls Brad no more Nader....
I'm all for putting faith In the young guys but Nader is just awful
It’s weird how Adams will only ever be a portion of Baynes 
Im sorry but nader is trash..
just casually spy on that womans conversation
WHAT THE FUCK TNT I JUST SAW TATUM COOKING AND THEN IT JUST GAVE ME 3 FUCKING MINUTES OF COMMERCIALS FOR NO REASON
I don't usually get involved in discussions talking negatively about players but what the hell even is Abdel Nader like what the hell is he... how is he on a contract with the NBA I truly do not understand that
Nader has been embarrassingly bad. Even the commentators are calling him out.
Holy fuck yes jayson
Marcus Morris is a fucking gem
Terrible call wtf was that
Wtf Al. Playing scared 
Fuck their grabby ass defense and the refs not calling shit 
wtf was that area 21 segment baaahaha
Moose looked to the corner, saw it was Nader and was like "fuck it, guess I'll chuck this up..."
Cold as ice
WHY THE FUCK IS TATUM OUT
JAYSON TATUM IS A FUCKING MONSTER!
Horrible defense Al...
Adams held Monroe there. Fuck.
Bad shot Terry :/
Frustrating stretch of games. We need Kyrie
Al needs to get some serious shots up in the gym between now and the playoffs
Tired of teases like this.

#FINISH.
Im dead and cumming WHAT THE FUUUUUUCKKK!
THE MOOOOOOK

FUCK YOU MELO
Fuck all y’all who said this shit was over
jesus h fucking christ
I repeat. Nader. Sit. The Fuck. Down.
The Kyrie/Smart/Rozier conundrum is a real bitch. I don’t want to lose any of them :(
Shut the fuck up Shaq, LeBron would destroy "Your generation"
#Scary Shane?
Semi was dragged down by his arm how the fuck isn't that a foul 
Semi's two moves

1. Brick three pointer

2. Pump fake and brick floater 
My charter app is saying the game is blacked out. What channel is it on...? Wtf
Their ugly grey jerseys are worse then our ugly grey jerseys! They look like deodorant or shaving cream.
Slick shit Tito 
Nader in, game fucked 
Moose. BBQ chicken
I’m sorry, I don’t want to circlejerk, but Nader is truly fucking abysmal. I can’t imagine he’s worse than Jabari Bird.
SCARY

Jabari Bird can't be worse than Nader can he?
wtf defense was that Morris
Lazy
Fuck westbrook
Fucking refball seriously, even though we're benefitting from it this quarter. Tired of whistles
Fuck the Monroe haters
Ya know, I'm tired of whistles but after the Bruins OT last night, I'll take some questionable calls going our way
This might be the least excitable national tv crew I've heard
horford cant score under the basket anymore wtf
I tried to use that pickup line at a bar, but she just called me a creep, fuck you Mila Kunis!
Wtf is Shane Larkin a wizard?
wtf was that lineup by brad??
Fuck you 3 from Jayson!
FUCKING CARMELO
Oh fuck off Carmelo 
Fuck now they can’t stop hitting 3s
Scary Terry baby
He’s too scary
Damn tough loss
Wtf Terry
FUCKING TATUM HIDING IN THE CORNER WHAT THE FUCK
At least we have the two seed locked up unless we really fuck up these last few games. Cleveland and Indy can't seem to help but lose
not sure we're gonna brad stevens our way out of this one, but we can hope!
Jesus why the fuck did he not foul Brewer
Holy shit, we lost 1.2secs on the clock with that late call. 
OH SHIT, MARCUS MORRIS! MY GOD!
FUCKING MOOK BABY
That was sick haha
IM SO HARD WTF
Vell vell vell my brothers and sisters... "Evil is a point of view, God kills indescriminately...and so shall we."
WE FUCKING WON, BABY!
Fuck the Thunder
Typical Al pass as of late. Very lazy
Game over Nader is in. It’s garbage time.
Nader is bad at basketball.
Hidden behind the Nader hate Semi is quietly the worst player of all time 
Is this the worst commentator crew ... ever? Seems like random dudes calling a G League game.
Baynes is a useless waste of space sometimes
Oh fuck why nader
I've been trying as hard as I can to not jump on the Nader hate train and trust Brad but I quit. It's out of fucking hand. 
Not enough NBA players on this team rn unfortunately.
Can't fucking stand these announcers, they sound so bored of the Celtics
i bet one dollar on this game with my friend who is an OKC fan. i just kinda had a feeling 
coach stevenson? Who the fuck is coach stevenson/ Fuck off players only. 
have you guys talked about those ugly ass uniforms yet?
Jaylen and Kyrie look dope as fuck
JT says wake the fuck up garden
From afar OKC looks like they rolled in the dirt before the game
Shapin up to be a fuck the refs game
kyrie looks unhappy

Wrong Grant...
*In drunk Southie accent*

MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSE
*Drunk Southie accent part deux*

FUCK YOOOOUUU NADAAAAHH
Scary
imagine if semi had even an ounce of offensive game
These refs been on some bull shit tonight. Nobody fucking paid to see you guys
These refs fucking suck man 
Fuck off Zebras
"oh fuck"
Brad fucking Stevens
Holy fuck, Horford looks lost out there.
Horf's shot has been slumping hard
The team we've been playing with this past month tends to hero ball it every 4th quarter and it makes no sense. 
Al playing like trash again, no Tatum down the stretch, no Yabu at all, Nader and semi playing terrible. 😥
Still mad we couldn't score for 4 minutes. That was ugly. This run is too little too late I guess
These games are so damned painful to watch as much as I try to not care that we will lose 
Tatum could've gotten a hand on that regardless. Bad foul.
Fuck that foul dammit 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WHAT THE FUCK
Bad shot...
Fuck.
What a shit shot Rozier fuck
Damn it bad execution in these last minutes
Why the flying fuck did we not foul Corey Brewer. Fucking clothesline him!

Edit: Never mind. Thanks Melo!!
WTF IS THAT LATE WHISTLE? 
2 POINT GAME 👀👀👀👀👀👀👀👀👀👀
Uhhhh wtf
Fuck yea!
cmon I want this so bad
HOLY FUCKING SHIIIIIIIIIT
COLD BLOODED
MARCUS MORRIS IS THE FUCKING GOAT!!
MARCUS MORRIS OH MY FUCKING GOD 
Are you fucking kidding me...  This game is giving me flashbacks of all the close finishes last year.
EAT SHIT, ALL YALL THAT HATE MOOK. I HAVE ALL YALL ON A LIST 
I oh'ed sooo fucking hard. OH MY GOD!!!!!!!
FUCK FUCKING YEAH FEELSGOODMAN
Wtf just happened?!?
Tatum benched for his poor defensive decision?
FUCK YOU NADER
Semi sucks 
It’s not nader’s fault he’s the worst player on the team he’s trying bro 
Don’t hate on Nader 
He was putting up shots before the game
Before he hired Brad I wanted him as HC so bad
You beat me to it.  Wtf just happened. 
Am I wrong? AM I WRONG? 
This exact thing happened last year too. He was terrible between the ASG and the playoffs, then lit it up all post-season.
WHen 3ITKH is being upvoted you know it's bad
It hasn't been awful yet
I teach and we here in Maine we are in school till June 22nd its insane no more snow days please
Adams grabbed his arm and fell back into him, horse crap!
Too bad we need guards. 
TNT is the worst
Nah it looks awful (18 year old)
you mean like sign-and-trade him?
Isn't he a RFA this offseason? (I might be wrong about this)
Neither of them should be the ones shooting the three in the corner, Semi especially, at least nader can sometimes hit open shots
20-25 is a stupid amount of shots though. 
Yeah, their chicken breast is to die for
I mean, if we were hitting any of them whatsoever this q we'd be ahead
I mean I was expecting us to get blown out so I can't blame them there
OKC 's jersey is terrible, looks not clean
They are inoffensive, to Web-Milller-Barry's bad.
Neither team are shooting the ball particularily well tbh. At least the celtics are hitting their FT 
had to play Semi duh
Jokes on you’ve, ive been disappointed for a while

EDIT: NVM WE MADE A 3
Terry made 3, Melo missed both FTs, Morris got hit on the arc by Tatum and made game winner, Russ hit rim with 1.7.
Imagine being there in person lol boring and frustrating as fuck 
Refs were bad for both teams. We had them in foul trouble and took 6 straight 3’s
I'm not sure if Shane Larkin could even posterize a 1st grader...
He doesn’t make the same stupid mistakes and terrible passes and terrible drives
You haven’t seen Nader play if you think Semi is bad 
Is this a joke? Still a game
How difficult is it being stupid bud?
Our guard depth is completely depleted and Monroe & Baynes are going to have their work cut out for them :( 

At least Al can stretch the floor at the other end if he's at the 5, but I don't see him playing loads of time at the 5 tonight. 
oh fuck my bad
This Q I mean.
I'm so hardcore Android, I get turned off when I see guys use their headphones and those stupid ass wireless pods.
It just feels like he's played A LOT and it keeps getting worse 
I’ll have the chicken breast, hold the chicken 
Steven Adams is about the worst possible matchup for him in the post.
Yeah these OKC jerseys are ugly as hell.
I stand corrected. My stream was behind a little
I got fooled too. I was hoping one could eventually get banned for nonstop negative comments, but u/3ITKH has proved this theory wrong. 
Hmm my stream must be behind
He'll have to try and stop the Scary Explosion though
I just sit in a cube all day but could this also be a bad thing? If there is nothing wrong with his knee doesn't it just kinda mean its partially shot? A little worrisome for our franchise player if this is the case.
I think the hope is that the follow-up surgery fixes all this. but even then, danny said it a few weeks ago: this is probably something he'll need to manage for the rest of his career. it's certainly not ideal, but it's also not that worrisome either imo
not a raps fan.  just sharing hard truths 
The Warriors are a dynasty; we're a playoff team that hasn't made it past the conference finals
Scary Terry SZN gents
Is it me or is it always Shams that reports these potentially devastating blows to the Cs? It's getting to the point where the thumbnail of his face alone triggers me. 
FUCK
This sucks
We don't know shit. The fact he's getting a second opinion is a bit terrifying 
This season fucking sucks
Maybe this is what Kyrie and Danny were talking about at Chipotle :(
it sucks to say but if Kyrie is not gonna be at least 90% for playoffs.......let him have the surgery and move on to 2019. #banner18in19
Can we just rub some HGH on it or something? Ugh. This is not good if rest isn't helping...
FUCK rip this season :(
Mazz is fucking dumb and I’d be shocked if he got the scoop before Bulpett, Himmelsbach, or major national sources like Shams. Not worried yet.

Edit: delete my existence 
For the first time in years seeing the games day in and day out is not a priority for me. This is the worst season ever. Injuries are defientely the biggest factor but also seems the team has lost grit and passion that they had with the IT days. 
This is an extremely vague tweet. “Not play at all” could mean he’s out 2 weeks it doesn’t mean his season is over. Needing the screws out makes complete sense though, once something heals the screws can cause issues like this and need to be removed.
god I hate being right.  a lot of you were living in fantasy land thinking rest was going to do much for his knee.  all you could hope for was easing the current pain only to have it flare up again.  Even when Kyrie leaves the Cavs he finds ways to help the king out :(...First Hayward, now this?  Secret agent Kyrie doing work.
Can we ban you for the absurd, reactionary comment?
damn, not what I wanted to hear, but if it has to be done, then let's do the surgery before it gets any worse.
Does Kyrie ever sleep? He’s looking worse as the season goes on.
I like to this they're plotting something for no good reason. 
If Chipotle gives you the shits you have a weak af stomach
Or they just say “I just traded you” over a phone call like a cold blooded savage
oh no this is awful
Not exactly sure on his shoe size but they are size 12s and I'm an 11.5 so I'm assuming they were just one of his friends
That Wizards game is giving him a bad rap. He's shooting 82% on 3+ attempts per game. He'll be fine 
and once he starts getting superstar calls... league fucked
You’re crazy if you think peak Melo wasn’t a Superstar bro
I wanted to get my friends (all Lakers fans) mad during the 2008 finals so I rooted for the Celtics and have stuck with them since.
Playing music during possessions must be a very sad thing to witness, thank goodness I'm garden spoiled...
I was born in Boston and raised a Celtics fan, although I grew up in DC. I moved to LA after college and watch the Celtics on NBA leaguepass. I grew up hating the lakers and now that I live in LA I hate their fans too. Total trash. 
The acoustics in there are awful. So tinny and echoy
Verbal abuse. Give me a fucking break that’s so pathetic. It makes him sound like a fucking monster. Silver pull up you don’t want no smoke
Fuck the refs 


Well the refs don’t hand the fines out. The nba does. But the refs are fucking bitches. The nba is the father of the bitches, big daddy bitch. But you sir, you are /u/theultimatebitch 
who the fuck cries about downvotes?
Says the dude with no situational or social awareness about where lines are drawn with things.

That's fucked up bro, foh with that sociopathic shit.
No way Williams falls past the 15 range 
Will forever be angry the Celtics drafted him over giannis 
Yeah I never claimed we were the only team that had a chance, I’m not even saying kelly is bad, all I’m saying is we could of had giannis 
Can't wait to see him in the playoffs after being out for a while, he's going to be even hungrier than usual. 
Horford/Tatum/Marcus/Marcus/Monroe/Larkin

I might not have played this game usually, but Al was getting no love
Let's see, I choose to keep everyone except Kyrie. Fuck Kyrie. # notmyceltic
Theis over Morris is disgusting 
Its near the end of the regular season and we still have people on this hate train?
The Kyrie hate train started in Cleveland and will continue until the end of the line. 
UGH. I get it, but I hate it.
Thunder play down to their competition all the time so this could end up a lot like the game vs Washington. 
Man this sucks
Where would that rank as a starting 5 in the NBA? 
I mean you clearly want it to happen every game....
YOUR SMALL FORWARD NEVER COULD
This is not the Gordon Hayward highlight I hoped to be seeing this March :(
This is an absurd shot to hit with a hunting rifle 
Mods deleted this shit twice before when I posted it. Wtf?
:(

Mods here are terrible 
I want him to be our 6th man :( but I accept it 
I wonder if Jontay Porter might get some votes if he were in the dropdown? He's been a trending topic lately, at least. 
nope, I'm not on twitter. That makes sense, though-- I hadn't noted that you are picking 12 to ultimately rank only 8. I agree that you've got a deep enough pool to rank 8
I'm sorry but I don't want him back
weird thing to tweet
He’s isn’t even playing bad dude obviously deserves max 
This would be an absolutely terrible management of minutes
Rozier for Holmes? Fuck outta here with that bullshit.
Don’t trade Brown in any hypothetical my heart can’t take it. They’ll take Bamba/Rozier/Kings/Memphis and they’ll fucking like it.
That's a little unrealistic.  How are Kyrie, Jaylen, Jayson, Hayward, Horford, *and* IT gonna score 50 in game 4?
sorry to hear about your wife
What part of “some people” confused you?
You're making a connection where there isn't one. What part of my comment confused you??
What part of what I said confused you?
Fuck injuries
AD with 46 minutes?! That is some crazy shit I haven't seen in a long time...
WOW, what a fucking nightmare finish.
Yup. Would've put us within 2. Our FT shooting is *really* streaky. I'd like to know where we rank in the league
When I went to the bathroom, we were down 10 and then when I got back, 20! :'(
Definitely a rough game for the Bigs.
TBF every big has it tough against AD. But Horford missed a lot of shots he usually makes. Let's go home :(
Their obsession with us is annoying at times, but I gotta say I chuckled at "Saltics"
I hate Toronto fans
ugh, tough loss tonight
I mean he averages 28 per game - he lights everyone up. The team doesn't always pitch in though.
18th 76.9% entering this game
Yeah he was bad today.  
dude's awful on defense. way worse than I imagined. 
Theis isn’t terrible though
Correct, I hadn't been there myself since 2015. I'm usually in the HoB.
3/23 is so fucking stupid. please keep spamming it. 
“Did I say setback? I meant **come**back. Sorry, guys.... 3/23staywokeit’sAingesuckas.” - Danny Ainge
Jesus that Tatum layup. It’s hard not to compare him to Paul
Nader was the Gleague rookie of the year last year.  Shows how bad other players in the Gleague were
This goes beyond Nader. an overall bad game
Monroe is atrocious on defense holy shit
Disregarding the memes I do feel bad for Nader 4 straights gotta leave you shook.
AD's body control is absurd
I legitimately feel bad for Nader right now. He looks so defeated.
I fucking hate Nader 
NADAR SUCKS SO BAD
Nader shouldn't play a game for us for the rest of the season. 
Monroe does that spin every time I fear team will figure it out in a 7 game series 
This feels like it's going to be a weird game....
Fuck Nader. Fuck injuries
I mean, if it's not a close game at the end I don't see how we blame Nader. 
I'm so sick of Jayson getting blocked and stripped at the rim.
40 point AD game incoming
Wtf Nader just brought his defender over to help triple team Moose, ugh
That shit got me scared, please take care Jayson :(
Tatum is going crazy rn

No easy task to watch AD
Gentry really fucking creeps me out 
That was goddamn fucking pathetic right there
Terrible. Sucks to be this injured right now.
Crazy to think we were pushing the Rockets to last-gasp plays just a few weeks ago, these injuries really have come out of nowhere
where the FUCKING FUCK is tatum 
This is the worst game I’ve ever seen Horford play. Scary to head down the stretch like this 
Such hyperbole in this thread. "worst ever this worst ever that" I'll be another guy to say everyone needs to calm down we are locked for 2 seed pretty much. 
I was too lazy to fix myself a drink throughout the game, but I think it's time now.
The nudes Nader has of Brad must be some hard core shit 
NAdEr iSnT tHat bAD GUyS
These FOX TV shows look SO fucking awful hahahha
Bad things always happen when Nader touches the ball 
Il confused
Don't understand how Monroe is getting stone-walled by Mirotic

Edit: stupid autocorrect
Weak call
Not a good quarter for Semi.
We're cold af
that was real ugly to watch
JESUS FUCK NADER
4 IN A FUCKING ROW
are you fucking me nader

NAAAAAAAADDEEEEEEEERRRRRR YOU JACKASS.
I get not wanting to hurt Nader's confidence but just put in Jabari or Kadeem at this point they deserve a chance with how bad he's been tonight.
come the fuck on brad where is tatum 
Disgusting actually
Yeah not watching the rest of this one. Fuck injuries
That was sick AD
Jesus take Semi out for the rest of the game
just here to say Abdel Nader is straight fucking trash.  one of the worst momentum changes I've ever seen
Trozzay 30 pt game incoming 
That game during the break was atrocious. 
Morris jumper has been fucking nasty lately, hes killin it
Monroe has been really bad today 
WTF Nader? Ugly ugly shot
Semi 3? hell no lol
Weak foul call
Hopefully he didn’t pull a muscle. No more injuries please
DONT GIVE SCARY TERRY NO ROOM TO SHOOT BABY
AD missing a shot is a foul on Baynes this game
Anyone else's game thread not updating?
I hate Mirotic so much
Let Davis keep shooting from behind the arc. Just no easy baskets. 
My dead fucking grandmother could do that, Nader 
Fucking yikes!
That's tough
4 in a row missed ... Jesus fucking Christ 
I'm suppose to pickup food right now but it's gotta wait shits gonna be cold as fuck 
Fucking hate losing, it kills me
I hate everything
WTF I take a bathroom break and come back to this 
So didn't watch the game but is there a reason why Tatum played 27 minutes despite leading the team in scoring? Was it defensive effort?
Something about how Americans say Nissan makes me irrationally angry
What an unbelievably selfish player Abdel Nader is.
Get Nader out. What the fuck was that.
My only post for the night to remind us all we were due for a stinker.

Oh, and fuck Nader.
throwback to when we all hated Morris even though he clearly wasn't in shape 
can horford stop being garbage this game plz
fucking cut Nader
Your useless 3s are not welcome here anymore nader
honestly go fuck yourself nader. make a 3 when we are getting smashed and them foul AD for an and1. god just fuck off!
Is Monroe the worst defensive big in the league?
god what a shocking last 20 secs. should be a 2 point game. Maybe 30mpg is getting to tatum. 
We're not winning this game
Is this the worst half for shooting % in team history?
why the fuck isn't tatum out there 


God this is next level pathetic. Can Kyrie and Jaylen hurry the fuck back so we can try and build some momentum for the playoffs? Or we just gonna flounder our way into it?
Jesus Monroe is bad
At least we have Scary Terry. But I agree it's boring. Especially when the entire 4th quarter is garbage time and our 4th string scores 15 points in the quarter
David Nwabas pretty sick
David Nwabas pretty sick
Disrespecting the GOAT :(
Nader sucks
Knowing the move doesn't mean you can stop it.

Some players have their signature moves and even though every team knows them, doesn't mean they figure out how to defend it, you feel me?
The Rondo affect :/
Didn't look too serious to me
He's not that ugly.
Nader wtf man 
He did that a lot in the past, thought he'd gotten over the hump. A couple of slips here and there.
It’s not like he’s not trying he’s just slower than a turtle with 2 broken legs 
Why would we run the risk of him getting hurt in a game that doesn't matter and that we're getting arsed in?
Dude come on, the refs haven’t been horrible and are NOT the reason we’re getting smoked right now.
He’s been ok for two games. He’s been abysmal throughout summer league and every other game I’ve watched him play. He has the worst basketball IQ I’ve seen in a long long time. He’s bad.

(I didn’t downvote you btw)
The Fuck we are
 
Let's just say, don't eat salads during the game
Oh shit, that sucks
All that being true...still doesn't mean "took us out of this one". 
Merely provocative.
Dude that’s pretty typical to have the bench start the 4th and not put the crunch time lineup in until the 6 or 7 minute mark. Unfortunately by then the game was basically out of reach. 
Is he an NBA prospect of any value, or just an undersized, poor BBIQ, poor defense, unathletic-by-NBA-standards guy like so much of the G-League seems to be?
Brad disappointed in his son for not listening to his advice 
I'm going to the game on Tuesday tho 😢
Bird: walking through that door. 

League: fucked. 
He’s walking through those fucking doors
Just like a dreamed our last offseason and this one to go. Too bad. 
Well i mean Kyrie also threw the pass to Hayward, so assuming we dont have him means that pass probably doesn't happen. (Not trying blame Kyrie for injury that would be silly) However if i was writing this I probably would have assumed he would still get injured just for the sake of consistency.
I think this is terribly worded but I think there is a salient point somewhere in there 
You serious? Blaming a player for a freak injury??
Bummer, going to the game tonight 
Seriously, every comment from this cunt is negative and gets downvoted to hell. What does it take to get banned on this sub? 
How do you know it's impossible for Hayward to have an off year because of injury?
Math fail
League about to be fucked
Sorry but Boiler UP!
you mean 3,2,3

thick, jacked frame
Wrong sub.. but I approve!
> weights are just off camera

Guaranteed at least like 100kg or so
My bad Virginia is a boring ass team i turned on the paint drying channel when they’re on.
How would you rank those guys?  I'd prolly go Porter, Robinson, Tillie, McCoy, Wagner
Worse.  Not exactly sure what it is now but it was about 2% last time I checked.
That's the thing though. He didn't play that game. He was injured.
Was it bad? I didn't see it
Mike follows 0 people on Twitter, the mad man
Can some explain? I'm just confused.
The Janos dude is an internet-famous Celtics fan, and I believe he's the originator of the "where were you when [insert team] is kill" meme you see in every game thread. 

Mike zarren is basically Danny's Deputy
Not exactly, it's more like he's joining the meme
Nader played pretty well this game. I was disappointed at the lack of Yabu but it’s understandable considering how well Monroe was playing.
By a few years ago, do you mean Fall 2017?
It's so sad. I just don't know what the plan is. Honestly from the little bit I saw from Isaac last night I was so disappointed. His jumpshot is a long way away. He's quietly had such a horrible rookie campaign. Hopefully they figure it out for the sake of their fans...
username didn’t check out that night :(
It's downright mindboggling how Sacramento keeps picking in this zone of the lottery. Crazy
Has anyone bought one of the scary terry shirts or hoodies from his site?

I’m considering getting one but would like to know the quality of the material because it’s expensive to send to Australia.
:(
"Drug Charges" "Narcotics" "Marijuana" choose one you fucking hicks...
Yeah! Let's ruin ANOTHER person's life over lighting a plant on fire and breathing in the smoke!  

Fuck outta here with that bullshit. 
Sighs Americans....just don’t do drugs it’s not that hard!
Wtf is 125 grams? That just puts the price off for anybody dealing with... anyone not-American
Weed isn’t an especially dangerous drug, but it’s still very much a drug
Have you seen the guy outside the court? He always sounds like he’s on something

Or really stupid
But a large portion of the user base doesn’t use it as a medicine. 
Who gives a shit, not the government's job to go jail them using taxpayer money. 30k plus per person because they smoked the wrong leaf. Let them ruin their lives, none of your business.
Bucks. Playoff Kelly is scary.
I mean we just stick Semi on him loollll
IT: "Legends are made in game 7."

KO: "Hold my beer."
Kyrie > Giannis 


For now at least
I mean we just stick Brad on him lollll
Holy crap just for the first five minutes put Spo and Brad in like 80s gear and just have them play a game of 21 
# [THE](https://streamable.com/s129p)    


# [CELTICS](https://streamable.com/ob7ug)    


# [WON](https://streamable.com/er6a0)    


# [A GAME](https://streamable.com/sxv1h)    


# [AND](https://streamable.com/8dmdf)    


# [NOBODY](https://streamable.com/4n6ug)    


# [GOT](https://streamable.com/7zzec)    


# [HURT](https://streamable.com/nxm2d)    


# EVERYBODY PRAY FOR NO MORE INJURIES AND [DO THE BANNER '18 BOOGIE](https://streamable.com/w4c3n) 
Hot take, but I think Nader is bad at NBA basketball.
I was actually annoyed at Brad about this.  
Bad bot
Going from starter to playing two meaningless minutes?  We're gonna need an explanation about this.
Really? He's so slow and makes really bad passes, that often result in turnovers.

Would rather see Allen or Bird out there.
JABRONI! THIS FUCKING GUY!
Nader looks so awkward to me. I don’t know why but maybe its the shorter shorts
short shorts plus no leg sleeves makes him look weird
Your flIair. It makes me sad.
Now I want to scream EVIL whenever Nader gets a bucket.
Stewart on 98.5 is always crapping on Monroe even when he goes off. It's getting so annoying.
I’d rather him start than Baynes at this point. Baynes fouls everyone and doesn’t always consistently score. My opinion, Moose > Aussie... I’m also from Maine and moose are fucking terrifying so there’s that bias too
Feel like he'll always look that way because he has hardly any athleticism.
Baynes is the worst passer on the team also. 
Their bench units are just two of Curry, Durant, Klay and Green or just Chris Paul. Our defense has been awful with Monroe on the court and he can’t move in space at all. Chris Paul and two Warriors stars will have no problem exploiting that.
So? He's not out there to pass the ball. He's there to be a rim protector, rebound, and score easy baskets.

It's like saying kyrie is the worst rebounder on the team. He's not asked to be an integral rebounding cog...
And definitely enough to lose a lead with the wrong guys out there 
Scary Terry triple double watch.

8-6-3
This game could use Jaylen Brown 
How not to close out a game 101
Why does this feel like a preseason game... tanking sure is boring.
So when does the NBA game start?
Just showing up to one of the lowest commented game threads this season. Yabu just came in. We’re gonna get this W. Go C’s. 
These are the game that are gonna suck when Baynes is playing trash where we coulda put Theis in
How are the magic this bad? I mean, I know tanking, but seriously 
Let's goooooo! 

Oops wrong game day comment 

Jayson Tatum!
Why no Yabu so far :(
I'm only listening on the radio because I'm at work, is Tatum looking as bad as it sounds? I was worried that last game might mess him up.
How did they sell so many tickets?  This shit is brutal.  I think there should be no more lottery and the worst team should get 1st pick every time.  It's not like teams can tank even harder.
Man, this is boring... It's like watching a practice scrimmage
If I drove 6 hours, I could of seen this game, shucks. 
We are going to make this too close to play Yabu. Fuck me.
Time to switch to the Brooklyn game, well played, Celtics! 
Baynes is not good...
Nader is the worst player in the league
Wow, your food is an hour and a half late? That's crazy. 
It's fucking uncomfortable, he jumps recklessly with no regard for his body. He's gonna get injured soon............... and it's gonna be heartbreaking. I just really hope someone tells him to tone it the fuck down
I have a feeling it's gonna be the worst tournament in years
I'll miss you bad Marcus :(
However the pacers remaining schedule is brutal. They play GS twice. Cleveland’s schedule is easier. So I could see Cavs getting the 3 seed. 
:(
Well, if he is ready for the playoffs then this isn't all bad news.
Fuck my life
I'm with you. Marcus also directs defensive switches. He brings discipline to the guys when things are going crazy. 
I dont think the Celtics lose the 2nd seed.

Imo Washington and Philly are easier than Indy.

Cleveland i dont think they drop to the 6th seed, so i dont think we'll see them in the second round. Although i can be wrong because Cavs are dropping games like crazy rn.


I mean you should have said that instead of saying we don't have "any shot" and I wouldn't have responded. 
Cleveland is only half a game behind Indiana. Way too soon to write off their chances of moving up.
This reminds me of my parents and the "We need to talk" pretense.


Its never a good conversation.
That’s not good. 
:(

kyrie if u read this


play 5 min


i am at game
this is my first Celtics game and I was hoping to see Kyrie :( 
Sarcasm is the tool of weak men.
No more than 7 
Jesus, this is just dumb
Don’t get me wrong I like tobais. But if Paul pierce had a poor mans version of himself, and that poor mans version had a poor mans version of himself that would be tobais.




i mean LA will still have some ping pong balls in there for us... it ain't over til its over...
Too bad Danny is unpredictable/merciless
sorry, typo. meant 14 championships
Hayward/Theis pick n roll or fade. Makes me hard.
literally feels like what Monroe would do against us every game 
pair him up with defensive anchor in Horf, and the starting lineup could be scary offensively. Two passing bigs, one that spreads the floor and the other that'll bust you up in the post 
Rn we would have the 27th pick, the lakers pick would be if it falls from 2-5 which is really unlikely 
Yes you have, you are one of the biggest trolls on this subreddit. A large number of medical professionals as well as common knowledge have shown that you are just being negative and hoping for the worst.  Go be a Raptors fan or something, we don't want you here.
That Scary Terry shake and bake at 2:30 though....
Oh, my bad! Was suppose to be "Celtics-high" ; )
I feel bad for /u/Banner18Boogie. I knew s/he had been itching to click the SUBMIT button!

Miss u Boogie! 
Monroe is a terrible pick and roll defender. I know he had that clutch block on Beal, but he was awful most of the night. 

I hope Irving or Horford can come back soon...
Did the nba publish a last 2 minute officiating report? Curious if it acknowledges that bad out of bounds call that should have given us the ball to end regulation
Sorry can you give me a "for dummies" guide here, I don't see what's so wrong about their Post Game thread? They're just having late-night reactionary fun like we would.

100% agree on the rest. 
Wizards fan here lurking - What's so bad about that post game thread? Are you just saying that our sub is dead compared to this one or what? 
Yup. That's what I wish for this sub not to turn into. Absolute idiotic statements that bear very little or no reason unless heavily biased
It's like you gotta be a rival in at least two eras. Warriors, Lakers, Sixers, whatever team LeBron was on - although Cleveland could count. There's nobody else. 
Yeah this was not a good game for Tatum.  He just loses control of the ball SOOOOO often
Yeah it was Morris being an idiot and not covering anyone in that shot to close out ot
I'm never sure whether you're a troll or a manic depressive homer 
i feel like this makes the wizards look really really bad haha
We played a hard thought game without kyrie, jaylen, horford, and smart against a team like Washington managing to only lose by 1, I can't be mad
The fucking ball was off sato with 5 seconds left and a 3point lead... Don't even know why I watch ball anymore, fucking unbelievable bullshit.
God, can we fire this pathetic excuse of a coach?

Edit: *sigh* **/s**
So the refs are not only blind, they are also deaf...
Is this sarcasm? That Rockets game they refused to give Al a time out then straight up refused to give D'antoni a time out even though you could hear him screaming it on t.v. NBA officiating is by far the worst part of the NBA.
At least tonight even, where it seemed like every other play was reviewed. 
If that happens it's considered a flagrant 3 and a random fan is ejected.
The real March Madness is whatever the fuck just happened in that game 
Why the fuck didnt we call timeout? We had 2...
yeah I'm tired 
Tough night for Tatum in the clutch but I think these guys performed admirably all things considered 
FRIGHTENING TERRENCE RRRRRROZIER THE THIRRRDDDD
Dude the L sucks but holy shit Danny's man clutch
I'm not even mad
Hands down most painful game of the year

Edit: understand I’m not talking about the importance of the loss — just the cruel and prolonged manner of this loss
Well, that was quite a game.
Hope this loss doesn’t fuck with Jayson’s confidence.
I'm bracing myself for some injury report about this game tomorrow
I swear that out of bounds call at the end of regulation was out on Washington. Game should've been over there 
I’m not mad I’m just disappointed 
You could see the inexperience in those late game mistakes,.

Also the Wizards suck for struggling against our B Team
fuck

You can't be mad, these dudes put up one hell of a fight, but man I can't believe we didn't take a quick shot there. Why run the clock down while behind?
Stevens with some questionable choices at the end. 
can someone please explain how brad doesnt call timeout there? Our guys were exhausted down by 1 point.... with 2 timeouts
Baynes was fucking horrendous today, he got bullied all game.
Tatum lost us that game. Unbelievable.. TAKE A FUCKING TIMEOUT BRAD
The starting lineup is mostly dead, and we just took it to double OT and lost be fucking 1. What a game. 
Anyone who is mad... The Maine Red Claws just took the Wizards to 2OT. 
#FUCK THE REFS!
:(
If only everyone was as cold blooded as Tito...
Wish we won, but we played with a lot of heart tonight. Can't even be angry. GG to both teams.
Just an observation, but did anyone else notice how often Tatum was blocked going to the rim? Happened at least 5 times  
It's mind boggling how bad Washington is, even with wall sidelined, considering we needed Kelly having his Maple Dick legacy game to overcome that series. Wtf happened to them?
Tatum lost this game 
Tough loss Celtics. Let’s get the next game.
This game gave me cancer
I think one of the Waterboys logged some minutes in this game. Wizards squeaking a W against this lineup lmaoooo
This game was a joke until it wasn't and now I'm mad.  
FUCK THE REFS AND FUCK THE WIZARDS 
Can we dispute the outcome of the game with the league over the call that decided the game and replay the last 5.5?
hell yeah man, always tough losing games to stupid mistakes, it's alright man go celtics
I don't even have any animosity against the Raptors just their dickhead fan base. 
We choked that game away though. Can't blow 20 points no matter who's playing.
Seriously — what is the point of a dedicated “replay center?”
What was the AB game, again?
Nah I respect that he trusts the guys, also can’t give the defense a rest in between. Gotta keep them tired
No way. Cavs blowout loss was 1000 times worse.
Game 1
Hell no. The Cavs and Pacers losses were worse
The fuck? Our starters are dead and we lost by 1 in double OT. Nothing wrong with that. 
I was about to type an angry comment but then I saw your username 
Wtf this again
I want to like them so badly but I just can't with their fucking fans 
I mean it's basically ALL of Canada of course there's going to be a bunch of morons. It's a numbers game. 
I remember he drilled both FTs at the end of the Warriors game in November though. I hate that people are coming out of this game being critical of Tatum instead of marveling at the fact that we were out 6 key rotation players and pushed the Wizards to double overtime and almost won it. 
That 1% caused us the game tho
Saw about 6 or 7 missed calls in OT alone. Think you watched the wrong game
/u/3ITKH is slightly negative. [view results](http://ruadick.com/user/3ITKH/) - Ranked #263769 of 289000"
Getting your shots stuff back in your face 6 times in a game is bad.

I love the kid.  I still think he is gonna be a superstar.  But he played bad.  It happens.  
Not all Raptors fans are bad guys. Don't bitch about r/NBA hating Celtics fans and then pull this 
Cuz she said Fuck the Raptors in the vein of "Fuck the Lakers, LeBron, Oubre" and I just don't feel that way about the team. Definitely their fans tho. 
That's cuz we like laker beer, were just drunk
It always does. So easy to see bad calls for your team but not for the opposing one. One of the worst things about sports.
Did you even watch the game? Tatum was blocked or stripped like 6 times going to the basket.
That’s true, but I feel like you guys are the worst, or maybe Philly. It’s like a 1 sided beef where you guys just scream “fuck the Celtics” whenever you can, and we pay no attention 
I didn't mean to imply anything. Sorry if you took it sincerely. I just mean it's legit all of Canada which makes it no surprise there's morons. 
Clearly a fake comment 
it's clearly beal. wall's terrible when it counts
That was so weird how Jayson rushed that FT
When Kyrie leaves, it'll get scary Terry time
Thats a Scary Terry
When I get bored I play the "what-if" game with the 2007 draft lottery. I really believe Ainge was going to do something crazy and take Durant 1st overall.
that would've been insane
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA

IM HYSTERICAL

WTF IS THIS

HAVE WE FINALLY SACRIFICED ENOUGH TO THE HOOP GODS?
To my boss: “im sorry for being late, but the red claws played the wizards yesterday and the game became insanely lit and I had to finish it”
#Shoutout to that guy who was seriously asking if tonight’s lineup was historically our worst lineup 
I don't know about the rest of you, but I am hype as fuck.
The Wizards game thread has 34 comments..
Moose, Yabu, and Semi on the floor at once? We are thicccccc

Edit: took out moose right I after I said this :(
Can we change the game thread comment now 
*THEIS WATCHES GAME INTENTLY*
This game has reminded me that ANYTHING IS POSSIBBBBLEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
These refs are such fucking pussies
the wizards do moving screens literally every possession. wtf are these refs smoking?
Tatum lost us this game. He’ll grow from it though
I don't see this is a bad lose. Tatum gonna practice harder.
fuck, just got rejected from northeastern

fade me
Scary Terry's on-ball defense is Jordanesque... or should I said Jordan's defense was Terryesque
I feel like terry has hit countless game tying threes throughout the past year or two
CALL A FUCKING TIMEOUT WHAT THE FUCK
Not even mad, just tired 
Must be intimidating as fuck walking on to the court and seeing people like Yabu and Semi and Baynes
Why don’t we fucking foul on the last possession 
still hurt tatum missed the clutch FT that woulda sealed the game 
What the fuck is this game?
CALL A TIMEOUT OR SHOOT THE FUCKING BALL
Larkin to the fucking rescue!
Moose is a fucking hero man. What a pickup for the Cs
These are really bad shots to end the half.
Dancing bear has some game. 
I can't believe it's only Wednesday. This stupid snowstorm and cold ass weather, the Boston Celtics injuries, Daylight Savings, and my long work week! 
WHAT THE FUCK BULL FUCKING SHIT
So Baynes gets called for that and Gortat doesn't all game for his illegal bullshit 
Couple of weak foul calls in their favor...
Marcus is fucking cold blooded 
All fucking season he leaves the 3 open. This was the worst time to do it.
Brooooo fuck these piece of shit refs
When you remember the rookie is a rookie :/
I hate Gortat with a burning passion.  Eternal flame of hatred
SCARY TERRY LET'S GOOOOO
eww, terrible last play, couldnt they have taken a TO to get the play in?
Fucking blew it like 6 different times this game
#NO MORE INJURIES PLEASE ^PLEASE ^^PLEASE ^^^^KILL ^^^^ME ^^^^NOW
Injuries blow, but I'm totally pumped to see Rozier start again, dude is a fucking baller, IDGAF; dude will be an all-star in this league.
Nah don't take out Yabu yet Brad he was going hard.
In no way was that a travel. He took 1 step. 2 if you say he came down before passing the ball. Just because it looked awkward...
Fuck u Oubre
Get fucked Wizards!
I mean who wouldn't want to hug Yabu?
Every time I think Tatum is gonna take control of a game his momentum dies. 

Can't wait for year 2 Tatum.
FUCK YES MOOK!!!!!!!!!!!
Larkin.  

Fucking ICE
Marcus is trying to drop 35 so he had to extend the game 
Clearly fuck up the out of bounds call and then give the wizards 6 seconds to inbound the ball? AWFUL officiating 
Bro we getting fucked by the refs
wtf how is that a foul on yabu
Fuck the refs fuck the refs fuck the refs fuck the refs
Tatum is 7-20 from the field... not good.

But Morris can/may drive us for victory.
Wtf is this ref watching, is he bingewatching something on Netflix?
It’s so fucking ridiculous how long this game is taking. They’d rather review everything than make a fucking call
Holy fuck Scary Terry ankle breaker very very scary 
WTF TATUM I NEED TO GET UP AT 5 AM
Why are games against the wizards always so fucking stupid???
This game keeps coming back from the dead what the fuck
TERRY STILL SCARY
Tatum has a way of blowing it and saving the game at the same time. Crazy
HOLY FUCK
Fuck
Couldn't ask for a worse look tbh...
THIS GAME SHOULDN'T HAVE GONE TO OVERTIME
I’m sorry, Tatum is hot garbage this game. When is he gonna realize that move won’t work. Blocked 6 times on the same fucking move. Slow it down son. 
God I fucking despise the wizards.
TATUM LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO 
[Serious] Would you rather have Morris over Melo?
#Fuck Ubre
Poor Beal is the living embodiment of the Will Smith empty room meme rn. At least we have Terry and Morris plus Tatum Tot.
Honestly, let Jaylen take the week off. A mind is a terrible thing to waste. Al on Fri, Kyrie hopefully after that, Jaylen within 7 days.
We got fucked by the refs that last 5 minutes, but our offense was also abysmal
YABU IS ON FUCKING FIRE
Fuck off Doris
We cant lose this game I talked so much shit
Mike Breen, keep talking about Scary Terry
is the yabu dab count still at 0? that's awfully disappointing.
That ball rimming out might kill us fuck.
Jaylen Brand AND Jaylen Brown out. Fuck me boys
This game is a fucking heart attack.
Replay Center guys were bored.
Fuck these god damn refs man just handed them OT.
0 IQ play by Morris right there. I’d feel like an idiot for doing that in a rec league.
Why the fuck aren’t we attack sadoransky. He has 5 fouls
Weak
Fuck me in my dickhole boys!!!!
But....I’m so tired 
This fucking game
Is this the longest game ever? It feels like the longest game ever.
No foul on nader wtf
Wtf is that ft differential 
Man fuck these refs
He literally didn't even fucking touch him
This game is on Tatum if i had to say...TWO game sealing FTs choked at the line 
THIS FUCKING GAME
SCARY TERRY
Scary Terry!
Fuck i got work tomorrow
fuck
FUCK THIS SHIT.
Fuck
Mook! Go to work man! What the fuck?
I hate my life
needed a two... :(((
God fucking dammit Tatum 
I hope they remembered the lube BECAUSE TATUM IS COMING IN THERE HARD
I’m afraid of the bench
That was nifty as fuck
BOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUCK YOU OUBRE. THE NORTH REMEMBERS
Fuck Oubre
Treating Yabu like prime Shaq wtf
SCARY T!! FUCK YEAH
Yabu was close to a Tragic Brunson situation there.
Is it horrible I got nervous when I saw Rozzay rise up that high.. Sigh the PTSD!
Refs hate the shit out of Baynes.
FINALLY WE JUST HAVE TO FLOP TO JUST SHOW HOW FUCKING ILLEGAL GORTAT IS
A Raps fan with zero knowledge of what's happening with other teams trolling our game thread. What a shock.
LETS FUCKING GOOO
Tatum looks frustrated that his high percentage shots are not falling today
Damn Nader, bad foul but I like the hustle. 
Nader's bad but he also has the absolute worst luck.
Mook is going crazy
Beal fucking walked 
Damn, the ole spin out fuck me
Maybe they should call those illegal screens that scrubini does everytime down the court
Dagger in his brothers grill.  Leading scorer in the game.  Morris balled out tn.
Brad doing them dirty with those ATO's mannnnn
THIS IS THE MOTHERFUCKIN MOOK GAME
call a fucking foul ref what are you doing.
WTF was that possession?
Its OT at worst now
Wrong call.
How the fuck is that wizards ball?
Cmon we HAD that, fucking D up.
God damn it. That was a bad mistake, he just reacted poorly
Fucking bullshit
Wtf is happening I'm not saying the game
This is the worst opening to OT I've ever witnessed
Fuck these refs
Longest game of the year?
Espn guy is a moron
Refs have been absurd
Please don't fuck this up
im shook at that scary three, call me satoransky
Rookie making rookie mistakes. Are people seriously going to get angry about it? 
Fuck it shoot a 3 I can't handle anymore game 
Tatum with the redemption game winner. I'm feeling it fellas. 
TATUM LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
Jesus fucking Christ
This might be the dumbest game I've ever watched.
fuck me
what a game, if morris doesnt contest that dunk theres probably no OT...
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST! TAKE YOUR FUCKING TIME! FUCKING HELL!
Lakers/Golden State game will end before this one
Fuck these refs
Everythings a weakass call on celtics wtf
Baynes has been fucking annihilated by Beal tonight
That's tough. 
THIS GAME IS SO FUCKING STUPID I LOVE IT
ONE POINT GAME! LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO!
Scary Terry 
Gortat fucking pushed Baynes and made Nader fall overtop of him 
SCARY TERRY BITCH
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST MY BODY CANNOT HANDLE ALL THESE HEART ATTACKS
FUCK THE REFS
This game was so sloppy on all three sides. ( refs, Celtics, Wizards )
TRoz was feeling himself WAYYYY too much on his drive.  Terrible shot.  Twice he's gone left down the stretch and missed...You're not Kyrie
Not mad (just disappointed) but damn Tatum essentially lost the game for us twice
What's the point of these reviews if you're still gonna fuck it up
Can't be overstated how bad Tatum has been tonight
CALL A FUCKING TIMEOUT 
Scary Terry fucking around with another triple double tn!!
Raise your hand if you’re at the game by yourself 🙋‍♀️
Y’all I’m here in Boston for spring break from atl first ever game at TD Garden. I get to see son Tatum!!! I am only 20 I’m so fucking hyped 
This is insane actually
So fucking Scary.
This is my first ever celtics game from atl for spring break also I get to see my son Tatum!!!
How are we kicking their ass this hard
Got some Celtics slippers for Christmas. Wore them for the Christmas game versus the Wizards, we lost, and I haven't worn them since as I figured they were cursed. I figured I would throw them on tonight just to see what would happen. I'll keep you guys and gals updated.
Get your head in the game bb 
shit!
Aw Theis :(
Theis looks so sad :(
Fuck the refs 
Jesus, Jayson, don't hang on the rim like that.  Didn't you see that Jaylen literally almost killed himself doing that?!?!?
moose's mid-range game > demar derozan's mid-range game
So damn scary
2 scary 4 me
SCARY MUSCLES 💪💪💪
These injuries are making me sick
This broadcast team is not very good. Fuck espn 
Rozier is indeed scary
LETS. FUCKING. GO!
lets fucking goooooo
Thoughts on closing lineup? Mine would be Larkin, Rozier, Tatum, Morris, Ojeleye/Monroe, depending on if Washington goes small. 
Scary
Nader made a three I FUCKING LOST IT!!!!!
Fuck you Oubre
We still have our secret weapon Lebron James Jr AKA Anthony Bennett 
Larkin played him so hard but jumped up with a second left :(
When he let that go I'm like, "WTF!" then, "Oh."
How about reviewing the shot clock play also. Wtf 
Heart Attack game #23758.
LET'S GO CELTICS. LET'S. FUCKING. GOOOOO! FINISH THIS SHIT OUT!
Fuck yes.
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOO
this is a game
Hit these 4 point game forced to foul les go
What awful luck, Tatums shots are legit halfway down and then pop out
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HOLD THE BALL
WTF
fucking MONEY from the line for Larkin
Oh I’m sorry I thought you were asking if we could without a timeout. Sorry man. 
Bald ref 81/61 can go fuck himself.
You've gotta be kidding me. How do you collapse when they need a goddamn 3 to tie you moron. Know situations
Cant fucking let a wide open corner
wtf marcus
Fuck
FUCKING WEAK ASS MEEKS ARE YOU SHITTING ON MY FACE
Wtf Morris?
Off the fucking wizards. 
I can review the play on my fucking cellphone, and these morons can't do it properly when they have a whole building dedicated to it
These refs fucking suck 
That was an ATROCIOUS foul on Baynes. Atrocious. 
Not fair when Terry is the clutchest player in the league
Mook is crashing some serious glass
wtf terry
Fucking Joke
Time for a game plan Brad!
Fuck me
Fuck
God fucking damn it.
Well.. fuck.
GG threw the game away
CALL YOUR FUCKING TIME OUT
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT
Tatum has done everything wrong down the stretch. Jesus H. Christ.
Whew this game...
Brad's end of timeout game is ridiculous, the offense is a known entity, but his DEFENSIVE end of timeout schemes have been legit this season.
And just like that, all the Tatum hate goes away.
FUCK YALL THAT SAID TATUM IS TRASH
Oh my god i hate my life
HOLY FUCK!!
fuck!
welp i didnt plan on staying up this late
This game is something else
These refs are fucking pathetic by not calling the NFL wraps/tackles that Gortat does on screens.  Fuck that trash.
Tatum all over the place this game
These soft ass fucking calls in 2OT? Fuck off
that wasn't a foul. idiot refs
Ah fuck. I can't believe you've done this
Well fuck this... 
I feel like this is slipping away, prove me wrong :(
God I'm so sick of gortat's illegal bullshit he just gets away with automatically
This game man
Wtf is this game
SCARY TERRY
Holy shit this team! It's never over.
disappointed the phil collins song didn't make it to the epic drum beat
Fuck me gg
Fuck that game. Fuck the refs
Fucking hell
Don't forget the bad inbounds.  Tatum needs to etch this bad game into his memory so he will work hard to never let it happen again.
That ref is guilty of fat shaming!!
Mike Scott has the worst tattoos out of any professional athlete
Rozier sucks at pullup 3s.  Stop fucking take them.  
Yeah uh...Tatum no more inbound passes. This shit was terrible 
Ahhhhh 1 pt game whyyyy a 3....
We blew this game. Sucks but that’s what happens when you don’t have your veteran players.
Nader is soooo bad
Flopped so hard it injured him
Tatum :( scaring me 
We're in black. Playing the Wizards. It's the funeral game
I want Baynes to put Gortat in a gimp suit by the end of the game 
Let's fucking go!!!! Keep it up!
Scary Terry baby 
wtf
I don't know what I hate more: Nader, or Nader's cheesy ass tattoo
We're too sick
Shane Larkin: Fuck you, that counts as space.
If Bobby Jackson can score 20 in game 7 and be one of 2 Kings who came to play, fuck it Nader deserves a chance.
Was Oubre confused that that was a foul?
Theres alot to like about this game

wtf is Oubre complaining about?
Fuck yeah Monroe 
Wtf did I miss? didn't rush home because I thought I would only have some iso-nader
flopin against Baynes cuz they know theyll get the call fuck thaaattt
Serious question.  Please don't down vote me.  But can Tatum palm the ball?  When he goes in for a dunk, he seems to "palm" it with his hand and wrist.
SCARY
Scary Terry baby
some sloppy defense and forced offense in the third quarter
SCARY T!!!!!!!111
Ay fuck you ref you can't call it just because he complains.
The refs gonna give this game away
In today’s game 20 point lead is not a lead 
Fuck it Brad. Pull out the trump card. Bring in Larkin, Nader, and Dabudelly. 
Wtf man.
Prediction machine don’t fail me now. 
Too bad Thies is injured. We'd be up by 30 if he was in this game...
Scary Terry baby 
Scary terry
Tatum is cold as fuck
COTY ATOs fucking fight me
So Morris’ picture alway has that weird white headband but I don’t think he’s worn it in any game this year. Anyone else notice that?
Jesus Tatum has been terrible today
Another illegal screen not called
Someone please face guard Beal the entire rest of the game 

These corner 3s are annoying
what a fuking game
Wtf Celtics ball, no??
Mook! The king of difficult shots!
Morris takes some TERRIBLE shots
FUCKING HEAT IN THE BUILDING MADE THAT ROLL OUT :(
Fuck
Fuck, we don't have a closer like Pierce or Kyrie so someone's gonna have to step up now.
I hate this
What the fuck was Terry doing....
What the fuck was that terry
How the fuck they call that
FUCK ME SIDEWAYS
Fuck
FUCK
Wtf was that 
Wtf man
Well that was fucking bad
At least I can go take a piss now jfc 
:(
Whelp that's why you don't triple team late.
Oh fuck off
How can refs be this blind with HD technology and super slow mow reviewing, pathetic. 
got damn it i got my hopes up and everything i know its the bench but still sucks when we cant close
why the fuck were we guarding the paint?!?!
ball movementtttt:(
Wtf
Wild and crazy Overtime!
Mook holy shit!
"The Morris Game"
SCARY T3RRY!
SCARY FUCKIN TERRY
Scary fucking Terry 
SCARY FUCKING TERRY
OH MY GOD THAT WAS SICK 
Thats game

Well that was fucking stupid
WTF refs? So fucking confusing.
Those are some pathetic ass celtics fans leaving.
These 3 refs are complete morons
lmao the fucking marbling on their jerseys are atrocious
Beal just bailed us the fuck out
#FUCK YESSS!!!!
THIS IS FUCKING NUTS. One last chance boys!
Holy fuck
LET'S FUCKING GO
COME ON MEME GAME
ALL YALL IN THE BARBERSHOP TALKING TATUM AINT BOUT THIS TATUM AINT BOUT THAT... SHUT THE FUCK UP
LETS FUCKING GO FUCKING EVERYONE THAT SAID THIS SHIT IS OVER
BALL GAME
FUCK YES
HOLY SHIT, THE L O N G B O Y E DOES IT! MADLADS!
Tatum sucks they said, Tatum can't finish they said, Tatum... oh wait.
To everyone shit talking Tatum fuck you, he's our rookie and can do stuff like this. Leave your jersey and your bleed green card at the door 
JAYSON TATUM IS NOW A FATHER OF TWO. FUCK GORTAT 
LET'S FUCKING GO TATUM!
Fuck it, we're still tied.
Fuck me are you serious 
HAHAHHAHAHHA

ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME??????
What the fuck
FUCK YES JAYSON TATUM
Fuck
Fuck 
WTF!!!

Nerves got him on that one, unfortunate
Hoy fuck I bet those fans that left feel stupid now.
Hahahahha this game is something else.
My blood pressure FUCK
my poor heart can't handle this
My bad forgot about rule 37c.3
that was the biggest moving screen.....refs are literally blind tonight
I FUCKING HATE OTTO PORTER
Tatum and beal both being from St Louis is slowly turning into Jimmy graham played basketball 
FUCK THIS REFS WTF
 Horrible
bruh who the fuck fouled him
Are we relying on hero ball these final minutes :(
Dagger. Fuck this game man.
:(
Fuck this i’m done bye
Do something already...

Fucking Joke
He looked like he landed on his arm awkwardly
I wanna see this go to triple OT just for the novelty of watching someone fall asleep in an NBA game
Miss Theis so bad... the bigs cant keep up at all
May this game never end 
SCARY
WHAT the fuck is this game?
Can this game end? Is this hell? 
jesus fucking christ we just won't quit!
Terry is a fucking beast
Remember that the fact that the game is close at all is a victory for us, under the circumstances.
Make those fans look dumb plz
#Terry Fuckin Scary
Doris can shut the fuck up that was not a foul
The refs hate Boston 
Question: is the prediction machine fake or nah
Call a foul you blind farks!
Wizards getting every 50/50 fuck off.
Fucking refs
I mean, we went to OT with the wizards down 4 starters so that’s something 
God Rozier cannot finish for shit, and someone please tell me what the fuck Larkin was doing not shooting the ball? Just ridiculously stupid to pass it back to rozier there. '
Morris is stone moron. 
Morris is a fucking idiot. Like what the fuck are you doing? Holy shit man. How dumb can you get? Hope he knows he wasted the game of his life too lmfao. Give me a fucking break man. 
Game over
I hate how the Celts got tooled twice in a row by the same damn play.    But damn refs, call a 3 sec maybe?
I’m sick to my stomach 
Fuck this spaniard lookin fuck
what a fucking choke job. i know this is our reserves but still so frustrating to watch
Fuck, this game and the Syracuse game are crazy
fucking hell tatum
We did what we could and put up 124 with mostly no names. But we choked away this game with no names too.
damn moose looks so slow
Tough job, NBA refereeing. Everybody hates you.
That's game
Might have been a bad TO Brad, but hopefully the ATO does wonders.
Jesus this sucks. We just hate winning.
Yawwn. Blowing a 20 point lead is awful. 
Tatum ballhogging is ugly as fuck. He's gotten blocked like 4 times
Monroe is so so bad man. Jesus man. Stop trying to feed him on offense. 
Fuckin Tatum smiling - no.  Do not smile, jackass.
#SOMEONE SHOW THAT MAN A 2007 GAME WITHOUT PIERCE
The hard hitting questions 
FUCK THE RAPTORSSSS
It’s already bad enough he copied Avery’s last name, but this... this is bad.
I can't fucking stand it. He's always just throwing himself around. He's gonna hurt someone
Not a bad loss but definitely a tough one, close ones are always the worst, nevermind double OT games all for an L.
no need to get mad just because you lost. 
Game threads, man... Game threads.
yeah brad turned the slider all the way down before the game
I feel bad enough that I don’t 
Horrible
Is he drunk already? I'm not even drunk already damn Scotty
unable to find confirmation of this
Seriously? God dammit.
All the snow decided to wait til March this year :(
Baynes is afraid to touch him.  I know he'd probably be called on a foul, but I'd rather Baynes put him on the floor.
well now that theis is out at least he is.  Theis used to get no call ever, and called for breathing on a guy
Morris game of the season
You might be disappointed. Wizards were dead and got second life thanks to refs and fail defense. They'll be playing with house money now.
Because DC is a dumb place and makes everyone associated with it dumber
No. Ugliest game ever
Well he's a 7th man forced by circumstance into being the go-to guy.
Needs to realize he gotta kick the ball out. Jayson pls :(
I don't necessarily think it's unlikely? We only have to pay him like 6 mil which I thought was doable. But I might be wrong.
His eyes are scary
You pronounced it wrong
it's hard to get by all of australia ya know
You can do that after Rozier hits the game winner.
Imagine if LeBron had an OT like that. The hate would be palpable. 
He has small hands so he has to cradle the ball when going up and by doing that, he releases it from a lower point. 
> can't be too angry about it

Oh shut up. The game was in hand and they punted it twice.
We can be angry about the botched out of bounds review at the end of regulation, gifting the wizards an extra possession and sending the game to OT
Wtf
:(
he'd be picking everyone off just like the end of the pacers game
the black one is sick
They fucked it up
Miami :(
We did worse
Seriously?
Tough area, the lot isn't that bad tbh. I'd recommend that because the surrounding area is Northeastern territory. See the Takashi Murakami exhibition! And students go in free after 4 pm on weekends.. I use mine even though I graduated years ago.
Bigs shouldn't guard wing players.  When that happens you see even a cripple IT dance on Jokic.  I know switching is the new norm but Monroe isn't doing a bad job.
yeah seriously he put him on clamps but satoransky killed him with that last fake
> Kenny Mauer

:(
yeah kid's got game
You're correct!!! :(

A botched review needlessly sent this game to overtime
Sadly yes :(
It’s that fucking haircut
stay mad
I don’t think you are wrong at this point. When emotions run higher at the refs then focus on the game it’s out of hand :(
Fake fans
There's still heaps of time wtf
I'd say so, he had a step on both defenders at the least.

If it was late and reviewed I think itd be called
i would pay serious money to have brad whisper that in my ear
yep, we did:( i agree we should've called one.
i dont think they can. At least I've never seen it before ever.
Yah but you're still a scrub and my boy fucked your mom
SHIT! your loss everyone.
you mean every 90-10, with 90 being us
it was a 10 sec count because it wasn't us. Every freaking game that's close we get screwed
Oh fuck off
Her voice is awful.
I mean. He's 20. Let's give him some time to develop no?
Go the fuck away troll
Are u dumb
*gets game tying clutch layup while being fouled*  


Is he falling apart????

What a stupid take
Fuck you, scrub 
Shut the hell up. We're missing 4 starters dumb ass 
If COTY is what’s on your mind I’m confused about your priorities ...
he hasnt missed a shot this game
I remember that time when 12 points on 100% shooting was bad too
Shut the fuck up
Cold take bro
Marcus is our leading scorer rn 😂😂

I know recency bias is a bitch but can we look beyond the past 4 minutes? 
I mean... wait what? Our bench's bench is playing 30 mins
Can leave now, missing half of our team basically and we bring wizards to double ot if that is bad your delusional 
Was wondering when your negative ass was gonna show up
You are such a silly person
Wasn't Baynes an opening night starter? 

edit nvm I'm wrong
Could give a fuck less where they're going. I know they're shit.

I fucking hate their players. 

Beal is a bitch.

Oubre is a bitch.

Wall? Hypocrite bitch.

Porter? Total bitch.

Fuck that shitty degenerate team. 
Not the point. Usually dudes who are about to foul out play softer D
Not sure I’m watching on tv :-/
The grey ones are just disgusting.
If Tatum is benched in the second half I'm assuming it's because you've been unfaithful to Based Dad Brad and I'll be unhappy
A terrible, terrible word; you should be punished.
He's been terrible all game. 
Players gave it their all. Just got tired watching Beal abuse Baynes on the switch every time, and ending a hard fought game on a Tatum prayer over a set play.
Double OT against this squad makes Wiz looks like the worst team in the league
You're an idiot. I'm not a Celtics fan because I disagree with you? Suck my dick dude. 
Celtics fans are insufferable, this is why everyone hates your fanbase. No where in the parent comment is there anything related to analysis, my comment simply stated "don't be mad" and you get this salty. 

Why do people even talk to Celtics fans about basketball, you're unreal.
The ones labeled "Boston Home", I saw at least one.
Because they ran the clock down and didn't try to drive. He was forced to shoot at that point. Bad play all around.
Fuck off,

I hate the wizards. Watching this game all the way through double OT and losing last second sucked.

I was frustrated. 
I KNOW IM SORRY
Oh, then maybe we aren't.  The one I saw wasn't ambiguous, it was an officiating error.  The prior one where the Celtics freaked out, they were in the wrong, there was a shooting foul.  But then they .blew the one against Baynes.
I read the question wrong I thought you were asking if we could without a timeout. Im sorry. 
Worse*
I don’t understand the hype for Yabu. Dude is way too slow for NBA game speed. 
Brad has gone mad scientist 
get your positivity out now because once the game starts the game thread comments will be insufferable listening to everyone talk mad shit
I ask myself that during one game every week
6 weeks brings us to late April
I mean isnt he restricted anyway so we can match whatever offer he gets?
He’s in a contract year. Sitting is the worst possible thing he could do.
yeaaaaaaah, that's not gonna happen unless this team is playing in late, late June.
I was listening to Locked On Celtics the other day and they said that if all that's needed from the surgery is (forgive me if I get some of the words wrong) removing a part of the meniscus, that would shorten the recovery time a lot.
Hey man, enjoy it! I have been to Fenway a bunch but never the Garden or Gillette. Sorry about us missing 90% of our salary though :[
Don't forget to check the fan cam after the game!
Sick. I haven't been to the Garden for a Celtics game since Howard was on the Magic. 
Try the mobile app Gametime, has a seat map and you can sort $ to $$$. Lots of people dump their tickets on there the day of and leading up to start of the game.
Got banned by Reddit permanently for something dumb. Messaged the admins about it but it takes a shocking amount of time for them to respond. Just for them to reply to two messages it took them 16 days. However, I’m fine now.
Jesus 

Fucking

#christ 
Maine Red Claws and 4 random /r/BostonCeltics users  v Washington Wizards
Holy crap that's crazy. And isn't Shane Larkin still on a minutes restriction??
SCARY TERRY DROPPING 50 PT TRIPLE DOUBLE TONIGHT BOYS ITS HAPPENING
Scary Terry starring in All my Friends are Dead
At least you’ll see Abdel Nader drop 20
We still have Baynes. At least we got that going for us
Sorry I’ve been out of the loop - is this related to him punching the picture frame still? Smh
Fuck
Nah it's from the Indiana game the other day. He lost his balance after stealing the ball and used his hand to break the fall, but the way his thumb pressed against the ground was awkward and injured him. Not hotel incident related. 
Nah we still have 5 NBA players: Jayson, Scary Terry, Australia, Mook, and Moose. We've had worse at the start of the Brad Stevens era
If Horford is out too...it’s pretty damn bad. I kinda wanna see how competitive the kids can be though. 
Prob worst line up since 2013-2014 season. 
It will be ugly, but nowhere near historically bad. See the Szabo era for comparison 
We are definitely going to need a Scary Terry sighting tonight. 
2014 was pretty bad.
Yeah, there's gotta be a bad one in 13/14 before Rondo came back and where both Green and Bradley were out with something.

We were probably looking at some combination of Pressey/Crawford/Chris Johnson/Faverani/Shavalanche/Rookie Olynyk...
Going through the 13-14 season, worst lineup I could pull up: Phil Pressey, Jeff Green, Gerald Wallace, Brandon Bass, Kris Humphries

And I'd still take that over this from the 06-07 season: Rajon Rondo, Allan Ray, Gerald Green, Ryan Gomes, Kendrick Perkins

I'd take tonight's lineup well ahead of either of those.
Post-Rondo you mean?
I’m going to disagree because Pitino was fucking cancer. Brad at least has guys competing for We instead of Me.
Oh crap, I think I Big Al did start that game now that I look at it.
This is what I was afraid of. Don't know if we can afford him now
[Archive.is link because fuck you ESPN](http://archive.is/X9FPh).
Is that the same Scary Terry from Rick and Morty ? 
If you're noticing just now, then it's already too late. Terry R.>MJ
[Never forget](https://twitter.com/CBSSportsNBA/status/614243589871288320?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fboston.cbslocal.com%2F2015%2F06%2F25%2Fpuzzling-pick-celtics-draft-guard-terry-rozier-16th-overall%2F&tfw_site=%2Fwbz)

Fuck CBS Sports
I trust Danny to keep doing his thing. And if the scary Terry ride ends after next season, I hope he knows it was a damn pleasure 
I hope he has a couple 40 point games just to show the league... look out for scary terry!
sleeping at night and waking up in the morning are so damn hard these days 😥
No wonder he's sick, he's outside in the snow smh /s
Whenever I hear Al is out sick and at home, I always imagine the same thing. Him, sitting in a dark room, alone in a recliner. Wearing a bathrobe and slippers, with the foot rest up. And eating out of a pint of ice cream, with nothing but the tv lighting the room.
We all had a little cabin fever behind that blizzard yesterday in Boston 
Reading a book, 'The Fireman' by Joe Hill, and the (IT Era)Celtics literally die. 

Suddenly real life isn't so bad.
He ended the picture frame’s career, not sure he lost that 
Shirt guy here. Should I bring the bad shirts out of retirement, in preparation for the bad streak that we are likely to go on here? Or just keep on keepin on with the current shirts?
Danny about to come out of retirement for this game.
God damn that formatting is hard to read. Thought Al was out and Kyrie was questionable :(
The fuck is up with horfords illness 
And the backups: Larkin-Kadeem Allen-Nader-Yabu-Monroe

Sucks that Jabari Bird is still out with his back issues... with our thin guard rotation this would have been his chance.
People get sick? It's only been 5 days or so
Yeah trading players should be illegal tbh 
Such a sad life. Make a new account just to say stupid shit on nba team subs
He has been bad. Him being on the court is almost always not good for the team
His athleticism is really underrated too. He was elite at every single combine drill and is jacked as fuck. And god damn is that first dunk there nasty af.
Fuck this season, fuck this season so hard
Fuck shit ass fuck, fade me fam
Definitely all things considered. Christ our injury luck as been absurd this year
I've been screaming for it since yesterday. I'm so frustrated and exhausted from it
No I'll always watch every game (that I can) no matter what. Still sucks though
Seriously though, what the hell? This place is depressing...
It’s been like a game thread here lately. 
So don’t fuck this season?
I’ll be honored to see Scary Terry drop 60 on 20-72 shooting
At least he still has Jonas
Damn no love for shane larkin 
Maybe 10-11. Seriously

But: Don't think we should "pay attention" to the scoreboard (standings) unless something gets really bad.

The next 5-10 games are an opportunity to **play mad scientist...** (and what a mad scientist.)

Then of course, hopefully, we have a few games to work everyone back in, get it humming.
No Kyrie

No Hayward

No Horford

No Brown

No Theis

No Smart

But at least we have...

Jason Manganello: He’ll buy or sell your home and send you to a Celtics game while doing so
don't worry guys its just a sprain.  last time i twisted my thumb the wrong way i flew to NYC and had a 2 hour consultation with the #1 hand orthopaedic surgeon on earth as well.


i just like hanging out with surgeons in my spare time... what can i say /s
So he's fucked....

Well at least the pressure is off for the rest of the year 
He stole the ball in the game Sunday against the pacers, then tripped while running toward the basket. He dove trying to control the ball, fell on his hand, then some MFer from Indiana picked it up and scored...
On D he popped the ball loose and then dove for it it looked like he jammed it up really bad on the ball or the floor in the process
I think we'll see 30 shots per game from Terry and 22 from Morris instead.
15 is doable. 20 is a lot to ask of him. He is still adjusting to the speed and physicality of the NBA game. He's going to get exhausted if he has to create 20 shots a game at this stage in his career.
The morris stat is a Little bit Exaggerated... How could he possibly have 22 Shots if he's only projected to have 22 Touches in the game
he doesn't have the take-over mentality yet unfortunately. he needs a killer instinct 
If he's getting 22 touches a game, he's putting up 26 shots a game
and didn't fuck his life up by having a baby at 19.
averaged 4 fouls a game for his career
I wanted Khyri Thomas but then I realized his stock went way up lately.
and I got tix months ago to see them tomorrow :/ guess I'll be cheering for Scary Terry all night.
It's so frustrating.

I know we're set for next season anyway with Hayward coming back, but we would still make a lot of noise in East and maybe even have a chance to get to the Finals.

Without Smart and Theis (out for the season) and our key players getting injured often, this season will be very disappointing in the end... feels bad.
Man if I don't get to see Kyrie play on the 26th when I go to the game im gonna be heated!
Preceded by a season with a fuck ton of injuries and a ring
it's Scary Terry's time to shine 
Philly fans live to hate Boston sports... 
At least Gordon gets a rehab buddy :/
His form is pretty ugly when someone is guarding him. 
You’re also pretty ugly 
Brad's probably got some playbooks in his 'fucking around' cabinet for just this occasion
Tendonitis can really slow you down and hurts like a bitch.  
"There's confidence"?!? Is that like "Mistakes were made"? Is "there confidence" that Kahwi's quadriceps injury is fully recovered? Or perhaps "there's confidence" that Markelle's scapular muscle imbalance is psychosomatic?

Whoever your "league sources" are, they're whistling past the graveyard, rolling the dice with someone else's body. 
Jesus fucking christ just kill me. Looks like it's time for point Yabu
What are we missing, like $100,000,000 in salary now? We about to play a 7 man rotation fucking fade me.
SHAMS ARE YOU FUCKING FINISHED??!
I WANT TO FUCKING DIE. FUCK OFF

FUCK EVERYTHING. I AM INCONSOLABLE.
Well this day sucks
Who the fuck cursed us? The fuck is this bs
crap again
FUCK SAKE MAN
Fuck my life.
I'm dead inside. At least we have the Bruins.
We thought it was a lost season six minutes in. We've been cruelly teased into thinking otherwise the last five months. No we're back to Lost Season (TM) mode. Bleh, round 2 exit is gonna blow.
well fuck.....
Everyone say it with me. FUCK DROSE
No kidding, I'm not sure where we stand now
Idk but the juxtapose of you saying you're an MD and using the wrong tense of "tear" twice leaves me scratching my head 
NOT ON "SCARY" TERRY ROZIER'S WATCH!
YOOO WTF IS GOING ON
FUCK THE PACERS
God this is the fucking worst. Fuck everything.
The plague is hitting our team all at once wtf
What does the under scrutiny part mean?
Probably seeing if it's something worse or how bad of a sprain it is
Fuck it, start 5 rookies 
initially read this as Al Horford is "home sick" and immediately thought of all the backlash he would receive on this thread 
At least we have Brad.
My bad everyone. Cancel the season. 
Smart ded :(
If he is making it worse by playing, then I agree.
This is almost as dumb as you not going on Barristers
Holy overreaction. Jaylen will have plenty of time to get back to 100 percent and all reports are Kyries injury is just a pain management thing and won't make it worse by playing on it. The Celtics wouldn't be risking their franchise letting him play if there's a chance it could bring on a serious knee injury.
They said it can wait until the off season, so why the fuck would he get it now
What the fuck
I was hyped for playoff Theis :/
It’s time for the Dancing Bear. League fucked.
crap
Wheels are falling off right at the worst possible time. We need to rest everybody, fuck the 1st seed. 
This sucks, but this at least gives a chance at seeing Yabu Dab in the Playoffs. 
Fucking Oladipo, so sad for Theis. Such a passionate guy and it shows on the floor.
Thats not nice!
fuck
FUCK. 
What. The. Fuck. 
Fuck 😭
Big fan of Theis and his energy. Poor Brad. Poor all of us.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck the basketball gods
Fuck injuries
Awful news. Much respect to Theis, he earned everything he got this season and had a role to play in the playoffs. Next man up.
Oh fuck
Theis fact:
I’m sad. 
Fuck this season 
fuck me
why doesnt this happen to GS players? WTF fire our fucking athletic trainer 
this fucking sucks
well fuck...
What the fuck. Wheels are off.
*sad fongos noises*
:(
Poor poor man, we got your back
Ya this sucks. Him and Marcus means our D is going to be suspect.
Dancing Bear + Moose + Cobra = a bunch of animals you don't want to fuck with
You knew Yabusele was going to get some run between now and the playoffs. I'm sad that it had to happen this way. When the playoffs come around, though, I think this might actually trickle down to a small role for Semi Ojeleye. It also means that Marcus Morris is locked in to 30+ minutes per night.
We have no more roster spots. Probably got by to roll with Ojeleye and Monroe off the bench
I bet Monroe will soon not be negative 
Always negative
Cobra has a torn thumb tendon.   :(
Miss me with this bullshit :/
I bet that you’re a negative 
Nah i know don’t worry! This injury fucking sucks. Hayward gone, theis gone, Jaylen and Kyrie banged up. I am not satisfied 
If he can survived the Houston game, we can play him against anyone.
He's getting downvoted because he deserves it. He came into our sub to spray his diarrhea and then ends it with " Casey COTY 2018! ". It's bullshit made to incite us, he's baiting so hard.
Fuck the Lakers
Fuck the lakers, but all I want is for my boy IT to do well again.
"Fuck y'all I took Kobe down single handed" - Rajon Rondo
> Still, Allen wrote that of all the teammates he has had, “If I had to choose only one to play with, it would be Kevin Garnett. No one else comes close.”

Oh what could have been in Minnesota. Too bad Stephon Marbury happened.
> You could make a case the Celtics have two crazy people on their team -- Allen and Garnett -- who would be thrown into a mental institution if they behaved in a grocery store like they did during the average NBA playoff game.

[Bill Simmons, 2008](http://www.espn.com/espn/page2/story?page=simmons/080425)
I would like to make an apology to the people who I argued with saying Rondo wasn’t a locker room cancer. He is I’ve learned. I was young and stupid 
>Rondo told his teammates, “I carried all of you to the championship in 2008.”

If he actually said that he's fucking delusional
Wtf is that from
It could also be deadpan sarcasm. I had dinner once with a few friends and when the waitress came back and asked how the meal was, my friend's husband said "it was terrible, I'm never coming back again" and the waitress left looking a bit down. Had she noticed that his plate was complete empty, she might've figured out it could be sarcasm.
he must've been referring to game 6, if he said it at all
Game of Zones. 
He's a complicated character. I like him despite all his flaws.
KG doesn't strike me as the deadpan sarcastic type
"Sorry, we don't cover space saver disputes"
Not fitting in doesn't make him a dick, and it's not like he left any of his other teams on bad terms.
Why do you say that? Milwaukee was definitely on bad terms. Boston was definitely on bad terms. 
Is tonight's game going to be postponed?
Are these the worst nba refs ever???
Who is the Fail Whale named after?
This a tough loss for us...missing Jaylen and Al and later in the game Kyrie, still we can beat the Pacers in the playoffs.
I feel like this game is almost a w for us, I mean we did lose but the pacers now have the third seed in the east
It's unlikely Boston gets anything but the #2 seed at this point.  May as well rest who you need to rest
Fucking hell. Going to the game on Wednesday. Gonna miss Brown and Kyrie? Punch me in the nuts.
> Boost Scary Terry’s trade value.

Was with you until that. U-N-T-O-U-C-H-A-B-L-E-!
oof, unfortunate
I actually hate all of God's creations right now. 
FUCK
He done for season. :(
So weird that the team that’s spreading out it’s minutes is now having 80% of the payroll out
Should take all the time he needs... felt that the injury might have affected him in the Houston game...
Kyrie should of got knee surgery last summer instead of filming his movie. It's just one of those things that's stupid to put off.
I think it's the game against OKC went he put up 26-8-3 on 9-14 while Westbrook went 5-20 and we won by 15. He played well tonight but he couldn't stop Oladipo down the stretch and we lost.
Smart turned into fucking Ray Allen in Game 3
Well at least the games aren't boring!

*/throw hat across the room*
Based off what I've seen on r/nba , Raptors fans are the happiest fanbase after that game
FUCK INJURIES
Frustrating 
I kissed the game why did kyrie play so little minutes?
THAT BAYNES "GOALTEND" WAS WORTH THREE FUCKING POINTS!!!
I had a feeling those extra three points from that awful goal-tending call would be the difference in the game. Oh well, we'll rock the Pacers with Kyrie, Jaylen, and Al.
Two times we were fucked by the refs.
FUCK THE REFS
I'm a big Oladipo guy but you're insane 
It's an unhealthy obsession of theirs 
What was wrong about that call? 
God your analysis is shocking bad. You are a joke. An actual clown. Keep it up big guy!
Blah blah blah blah. Mods need to permanently ban your negative bs
Get the fuck out of here.
I don't think we would've needed to be bailed if the game had been called even close to correctly
I'll say this, Kyrie and his dad resented the Cavs for making him play through injury.  Kyrie may actually just do it.  Im so sick of this shit where he's injured every other week.  And then the excuses flood out as to that being why he sucks lately.   I find it a bit irresponsible of him not getting it done in the offseason.  Instead he saves it to use as an ultimatum against his team.  Quite the character guy!
Jaylen Brown and Marcus Morris didn't play in the game Oladipo missed. I was at that game.
You're right I'm just upset about the loss.

But refs were bad both ways this game so I think they deserve criticism in general. However, regardless of officiating we could've won that game if we made a few shots down the stretch, or didn't have those several sloppy turnovers
We’re all tired of it. We’re all weary of your schtick. Why are you like this?
This was a lost season as soon as Hayward shattered his ankle.  Let the core build up some experience.  I think getting through the 1st round would be quite an accomplishment.  But mark my words that cripple Kyrie is going to rear his ugly head in the playoffs at some point and we're fucked.  Seriously, Kyrie has had all matters of leg injuries this year.  And now his knee is flaring up just from running up and down the court?  And this isn't a "ouch, my knee hurts a little" ache.  This is a "fuck it I'm heading home on crutches" ache from, I repeat, NOTHING.
Nah, its his opinion. However, any "Kyrie is shit" opinion is by nature base.
You tell me which part was wrong then?  At least IT gutted it out last year (as reckless as it was), but he had REAL heart.  Kyrie checks out whenever things get uncomfortable.
Fucking google him and show some respect. 
When Marcus left the game with his thumb injury I was immediately like "FUCK HE'S DONE FOR THE SEASON!".

Then he was back in like 2 minutes. 
I don't know if I agree or disagree - it can be managed but there's no doubt it can be inconvenient and at times bad.
I don't think Simmons and Lebron work. If you take the ball out of Simmons hands he's useless, they wouldn't have any spacing either. 
That’s a tough pill to swallow but I agree
Yeah, i mean IT is in LA, Crowders in Utah and the Cavs got Larry Nance, Clarkson and Hood. So basically we got Kyrie for Larry Nance, Jordan Clarkson, and Rodney Hood. 
I’m just yanking some chains. This does suck though, could go bad. 
Cavs I understand, but can’t beat the fucking raptors in a 7 game series? Lunacy 
Yeah and we have Scary Terry.


No but on a serious note, that team has been a regular season powerhouse for years and they’ve yet to show up in the playoffs. Maybe this is the year that changes, but the biggest threat in the east is LeBron James 
Tatum is so damn awkward 
The most clutch worst flop ever
Come on, he grabbed him right on the fucking arm. How do you not call that!?
Heinsohn (flu) is listed as active for tonight's game
Watch them drill a 3 because of this. I guaran-fucking-tee it. Unfortunately.

#Edit: FUCKING CALLED IT
Whoa even Mike said it's bogus! That's serious.
Turner is usually trash against the Celtics. This is a surprise.
FUCK THE CAVS 
tough game for monroe so far, i bet he turns it around though
Smart is insane 
Tatum 30 point game incoming 
This game is sloppy as hell.
I hate this disgunsting dance styles
Holy fuck.
This is some ugly basketball 
This game has been ugly
THE FUCKING COBRA
Sigh the fucking trolls nowadays.
my bad guys, we're doing poorly because I haven't re-filled my beer. Bout to grab another so we can finish this
Wtf now you call a foul 
#That call — right there — is one of the worst calls I’ve ever seen in my entire life. And also one that could directly impact the outcome of the game.
It's so hard to get calls at home 
Horrible shot selection Marcus
That girl horny as fuck wew
We will fucking kill the pacers in the playoffs
HOLY SHIT, THERE'S STILL LIFE!
That's gonna get A LOT of hate 
Scary Terry 
Monroe is getting fucked in the ass by the refs on offense, defense, out of bounds calls
Smart you filthy filthy man I love it
Shit, there's a fucking storm of injuries
These refs hate us
I'm getting scared there's been no update guys :(
You Brad was lighting kids up wtf
fucking ridiculous momentum swing the refs just gave the pacers.
And there's the makeup call. Just overturn the other call you fuck.
tatum's killing us :/
**TATUM YOU ARE FRUSTRATING ME**
Weird decision to foul Tatum like that
Why is it so hard to officiate a game the same way throughout?
Anyone else remember that absurd comeback last time we played Indy? 
TOMMY HEINSOHN! So grateful for him, and a game on this cold Sunday night before a horribly busy work week.
Left knee for Kyrie, not good that it has gotten to the point that he had to come out of the game
Yo fuck this season.
These refs holy fuck
OH FUCK YOU
Wtf a foul?!
FUCK OFF REF
Whoever controls the slow motion replay is fucking awful
Theis with a dumb foul. Didn't know the situation and dove for the loose ball
Tatum what the fuck happened to your hands 
Bow down to Scary Terry!
how did terry not get a fucking call there?
Fuck please miss one, God DAMN IT :(
What a disappointment 
Fuck Myles Turner 
DOUBLE FUCKING UH OH
I thought I was crazy for a second but they did have the score wrong 
terry so scary
Do the refs hate Monroe?
Why you showing it again then warning us afterwards the fuck.
Scal showing off that chest wax with that open collar. This game's in Boston, not Miami, Scal!
Everyone is getting injured wtf
I fucking hate bogdonovic
I just hope kyrie is feeling sick like al
I swear Turner turns into Steph Curry every fucking time we play the Pacers
Time to get scary
sabonis has a stupid smug face
FUCKING BULLSHIT
Bailout of all bailout calls. Fuck you ref.
Some weak stuff.
Tatum loses the ball so much, it’s ridiculous 
Our offense is painful
I won't be too mad if we lose this game tbh
My man is too fucking clutch and you all can’t tell me differently.
**SCARY**
Paradise City is bad mojo. Should be Eye of the Tiger.
Our guys get penalized for not exaggerating contact when they get fouled. Hate that shit
Checking in late, what happened to Kyrie? 
That is fucking ugly. I hate flopping, regardless of team. 
We got fucked by the refs this game. 
This Al commercial so random
Hickory Pacers are never a good sign, but I like our chances tonight
Terry: "I'll show you how to shoot a fucking 3, Marcus."
Terrible pass by smart
That was one ugly possession.
Scary
Thank goodness for Jayson. Our defense is awful right now
These refs are terrible, but damn Monroe is so slow and cannot finish even moments after contact
Monroe is still working really hard despite being shit on by the refs.
What in the world is this game it's so ugly 
Filthy crossover
WE HAVE THE WORST INJURY LUCK IN THE HISTORY OF SPORTS
And now our 6th man might be out fucking hell.
I keep getting confused and think we're playing the Cavs with those damn Hickory jerseys.
Who informs the media about injury updates during the game?
Oladipo going for 30 this game. 
Not a good time to be cold, Mook. Let's get it
Jaylen closed kyrie inside the locker room, you silly bugger
Terrible pass moose
No the knee!! Fuck 
Fuck
Kyrie out for the game
Fuckin fuck
8/23 is an absolutely brutal quarter. 
This sucks
At least we got an update, hopefully soreness is all it is...
Anyone know the worst offensive quarter the Celtics have had this season?
I'm so tired of injuries guys
Might need to shut Kyrie down until the Raptors game. We can still go .500 until then without him
Turner's range is crazy now, wow.
smh Brad your record got broken by an off-brand IT.
I think that's the most pathetic foul call ive EVER seen
Oh fuck off ref
Refs are BAD
The only guy with slipperier handles than Jaylen is Jayson :(
I'm getting annoyed by Tatum always losing the ball!
Tatum lost the ball on a drive to the hoop? Color me shocked 
I forget how much I hate Morris' signature tough shots when they don't go. 
Tatum what the fuck are you doing? Terrible hands
Damn Morris is cold :(
not sure about that one but ill take it
i'm late to this, where has kyrie been?
TIE GAME BABY
I have a bad feeling abt the freethrows...
Terrible call deserves to be even worse. Give us the flagrant free throws 
Wtf was that
i hate gods plan
Monroe needs to get out of the fucking game
#i feel so bad for IT omg
Fuck these refs. Eat 37 bags of dicks 
Kyrie should of got knee surgery last summer instead of filming a stupid movie.
What in the actual fuck was that. Not happy. Marcus should be taking that shot.
Im sorry but Tommy is so wrong on 95% of these calls
Absolutely dead at that pull up 3 by Larkin. Know your game
That was pretty terrible defense by Mook
Laughable 
Fuck, I thought that was going in from that camera angle.
Terrible offensive coaching by the Celtics in the 4th. Pacers in the bonus for 6+ minutes and they chuck up threes and make no attempts to drive and get fouled
Game over guys we lost
Hood rap/hiphop is the worst.
Monroe sucks 
correct :(
But he sucks /s
Between them and the Lightning, I'm getting really frustrated lately. I just wanna close some gaps in the standings man
Andddd Kyrie isn't out there. :\
I was once at a Hornets Lakers game and saw someone rocking a Vin Baker Celtics jersey
I'm shocked because Rev tickets are pretty expensive
Hopefully nothing serious 
I'm game. 
He was 100% at the Chicago game. They kept showing him on the jumbotron
Never came out after halftime... :/
All refs hate us
'Refs don't change the game'
I hope somebody dunks all the fuck over him in the 4th. 
A lot of people predicted they'd be horrible, so can't hate too much for them playing a lot better than anticipated.
Time to wonder if he should be shut down until a few games before the playoffs. Not good.
I think have the score wrong. There’s no way Marcus or kyrie were on the line, they showed 9 points when we should have had 10
Hopefully nothing serious? 
Yes that guy was weird fuck him
Game is close, we might not need him if the rest of the team steps it up
Yeah, would def have a silver lining if the Pacers go into the 3 spot at least
I was wondering the same thing. He is getting buckets but playing awful D right now. 
sloppy
Smart is killing it on both ends of the floor. Also drawing several offensive fouls. Sloppy game, lots of bad passes and decisions.
Yeah there's no way they're getting a shot off there, no need to go crazy for the ball
Unless it’s under 2 min of the ball game 
If we are just playing rap by celtics fans we're gonna have a bad time.  
me too it's so annoying 
Fuck Larkin.  I hope he plays zero minutes in the playoffs.
just leave. you want us to lose every game, you constantly troll every thread, you always assume the worst and want the worst. No one likes you at all. Literally there are 45,257 subscribers to this subreddit right now and all of them want you gone. 
What the fuck did we have to do without kyrie,Al,Jaylen and Gordon ffs 
We was afraid of the switch on oladipo
Don't generalize just because Cardi B is painful to the ears
Mods can someone do something about this guy? He feeds off Kyrie's misfortune, its really sad
The game isn't even close to over wtf
What's it matter to you? I thought you thought Kyrie was one of the worst players in the NBA?
Get the fuck out of here
Go fuck yourself, troll.
Fuck you 
Are you stupid?
What? He just needs a minor knee surgery at the worst bro...
Trolls are repetitive and predictable. They should also be banned. 
All refs hate humans
Remember that crazy up and under, falling down reverse and 1 layup against LAL?
Point God Al Horford is sick.
Weird ass song for halftime at a family event.
Before the shot. It was a bad angle layup.
Yeah, GTFO like Kyrie every other game.  Mr. Glass is the PG.  Guaranteed his knee fucks us over these playoffs.  What a waste of talent.
I didn’t mean like *dagger* dagger, just that hurts — game obviously isn’t over 
Fake account
Just a troll from earlier who talked about how Boston shouldn't have black people on the team and how we all hate Isaiah and Lebron because they are black.
Sorry to be so uninformed and unknowledgeable, but how does that apply to this rn? 
That is some random ass stuff... is there a citation for that.
I can understand blind homerism, but this is "the house is burning around us" level willful ignorance.
It doesn't. LBW is a common term in "cricket." 
The fact that he hasn’t been COTY yet is disappointing 
IT: but is he really sick or just pretending?
Fuck it, rest Kyrie 
Hmmm, that's weird (and it's working on my phone) but that is probably the cause. 
I’m not too worried about any of them. Giannis could be scary though.
Guys what if we played cleveland first round :(
Just need to end it before game 7 or we're screwed
I think they mean spaced-out schedule once the playoffs roll around. No back-to-backs. 
Al Horford is such a vital part of this team no matter what idiot radio pundits say. 
I hated those grey ones with the sleeves but this years greys have actually grown on me. 
I thought I was the only one that didn’t hate them
I mean I’d rather the Cavs upset the Raptors. 
if the Celtics aren't getting to the finals this year, personally, I don't want anyone else making it other than LeBron and the Cavs (and yes, I know that sounds awful and immoral for a Celtics fan to say). I *really* want us to be the team that knocks him out. 
Poor take. Wizards can’t beat lebron
Wtf? Yes wanting arguably your toughest competition not named Cleveland to take out your toughest competition, definitely a bandwagoner. /s
Because Raptors fans are fucking terrible.
That’s not the point. The road is through lebron, but if seeding allows someone else to take him out and get tired doing it while we get an easier matchup, I’m 10000% for it. Don’t be dense. 
Not denying that, but Raptors fans stay trying to push a rivalry that ain't there. Our fans are terrible, but I don't see them going to they sub and discrediting them like the Raptors fans do with the C's.
I don’t think you can say calculating is for the weak in an analytics driven league...
Honestly I'd be shocked if Cleveland, Washington, and Philly all weren't ahead of the Pacers by the time the season is over. 
Terry = Scary
Marcus diving on the floor in a preseason game up 20.
dude...... [SCARY TERRY!!!!](https://youtu.be/L8TZHG-b8rQ)
Morris is clearly behind Tatum in the depth chart.
Tatum I'd say. Doesn't mean he won't see alot of minutes, just that he doesn't start. 
I'm just saying there will always be a place for the Torture Chamber ^^TM but unfortunately players like McHale don't come along everyday.

Okafor is terrible now, but he had a good rookie season, I shouldn't have brought him up
Now this is the guy we drafted.  Sully was a bad influence on him.
Terry's stutter-step is scary AF.
fuck i hate seeing this happen to such a likeable dude
Well Handled. 

In regard to Al’s option: I’ve wondered if he and the team would look at extending him at that point. It seems like his game is/will age well and that 2019 offseason seems like it’ll be a difficult one regarding the luxury tax. So spread that money out over a few years and keep Al around as the vet.
My concern is I'm not sure Al would be motivated to do that. Like if we ask him to opt out and then take a 5x20 million dollar contract extension, he would probably look at it and say, won't that still be on the table in a year after I collect my 30 million?
Well whatever, Lakers/kings pick is what I mean.  
Fuck yeah
FUCK YES! LETS FUCKING GO TIMI!!!! Wait I don't see all the videos yet? Is it going to take a while for them all to be restored?
Fuck yeah timi!!! 
fyi: [youtube-dl](https://rg3.github.io/youtube-dl/)
They hate him cause they ain't him.
They got to hate someone. 
Celtics are 4th class citizens on Boston radio.

But also the Warriors broke the NBA so, no title chances = no good things to say
I think you mean Banner 19, it’s a common typo though, don’t worry about it
I mean even Shaq ragged on Horford's stats.
No more Holley :/
I was driving my moms car, which doesn't have an AUX port so i turned on the radio. Next thing i hear is two jabronis on WEEI talking about how Horford is a shitty player with a shit contract and im here like

"Didn't he make the fucking ASG this year?"
Believe it or not a lot of times they blast the pats too. They just like being mad I guess.
Could someone fill me in on what all of this means? I've heard of Janos and I remember there being some article discussing all of the weird stuff but how did it all start?
As of now the Lakers are the 11th worst team, which means we have a 2.1% chance it conveys.

We got a fuckin leprechaun as our logo

So basically, we're getting the pick. 
You’re dumb, go test it out for yourself
What is horrible ideas for a 1000 Alek 
Honestly not a opposed, he'll hold up on defense at least and just spot up from 3 
I just don't get how he's bad at offense. Could be wrong but I swore he averaged 20 ppg in college 
As expected. He’ll probably miss a few games and he should rest up. Concussions are no joke. He’s also lucky that’s all that happened to him. That shit looked terrifying. Rest up baelen
Overreaction because how bad the fall looked. 
My wife had her first concussion from a car accident where her head didn't hit anything last February, she still has bad headaches from activity, they can be bad even in the least of situations.
I get your point...but he looked like he may have broken his neck. Every celtics fan and everyone in that arena was ecstatic that he "only" got a terrible concussion. That tells you all you need to know about how bad that couldve been
Concussions are not as serious as a spinal injury 
What in the heck is it with fans and not wanting players to play cause they got spooked from an injury. Jaylens fall was terrifying but he can play when he clears concussion protocol. Not wanting someone to play cause it makes you feel better is a weird trend I’ve seen a bunch this year.
Here now. The line fucking sucks. 
It costs hours of a wait! Fuck I don't think I'll make the cut. 
Turner is easily better than what we’re expecting from the Kings pick, that draft class looks terrible.
raw raw
“raw raw” or “rawr rawr” ?
*CB talking trash to kg*

KG: "Raw raw"

CB: " I apologize" 
FUCK OFF WITH THE TEASING IM ABOUT TO BURST 
I was fucked up after game 6
Fuck Chicago for that one 
As a Yankees fan, we both know exactly what they're talking about :(
Probably not a good look to have 5 all stars and host the game 
I would think it'd be tough because of the Bruins
Various corners of the internet have taken credit but I doubt the nickname would exist without Rick & Morty randomly having a Scary Terry character
Didn’t watch the game last night, but saw the Jaylen clip. Thank god he isn’t injured worse.
Do the Wolves' fans hate... anybody? Like, who could they have beef with? Milwaukee because of geography?
Oh hey, still riding my dick because you can't handle opposing views? Fucking pussy. 
I thought he was gonna say "listen to the crowd, the respect they gave to Jaylen" but no he proceeded to want to listen to Jaylen's body hitting the floor. Fuck sake, Reginald...
That freaked me the fuck out, fuck that guy. 
this was fucked, last thing i would want to hear, what a random thing to point out
Nah that was a fencers pose. He had some level of brain damage and was slowly recovering.

Probably a concussion, which is a godsend
It’s STILL crazy that Kyrie Irving actually plays for the Boston Celtics. Like, I am still shocked that Danny Ainge did all this, what a GM.
I almost felt bad for the things he did to hernangomez. Almost. 
I didnt get to watch the game but now I must see this superman like play, someone please help.
I hope he realizes (he probably does) just how close he was to having that injury be much, much worse. Him standing up, holy shit, what a sigh of relief. 
Jaylen is a goddamn freak. I was holding my breath watching him streak down the court. Knew he was going for the monster dunk. 

It gave me goosebumps seeing the reaction of his teammates and really everyone in the stadium. It was so similar to Hayward's injury. I thought we were witnessing one of the worst injuries in NBA history. 

I still can't get over that. Phew
I might have had to take a break from basketball if I had to watch two of my three favorite players suffer horrific injuries on national TV three months apart. 
No more games on TNT for the rest of time.
He is such an idiot.
This could have been so mich worse. Thank god
Yup, I hate seeing players have to quickly slow down to avoid running into the crowd and camera people. Fuck that shit, they need way more space
I don’t think people understand how fortunate this is. Jaylen could have actually fucking died. Like, that was in the cards with a landing like that. If he’s a couple inches shifted one way this ends in a horrific, nightmarish way.
This is a poorly written tweet 
Tuned in on the game 30sec before tgst happened i wad so scared at the time. ...
That’s terrible timing! I was listening on the radio on the way to work, then just followed the play-by-play. Didn’t know until my lunch break when I watched the highlights at 1am. Ruined that meal for sure...fucking hate to see anyone on the ground for an extended period like that.
Yeah the landing wasn't quite as bad as it looked initially. 
When I got concussed I felt like shit for weeks. wanted to randomly puke at work.
What? I’ve never heard anything bad about him
That was so fucking scary
That was so scary I thought he was paralyzed 
Fuck reddit
Wow. I guess it's encouraging that no matter how shitty or crazy you ever think you are, there are always people who are way more petty and fucked up.

Or terrifying I guess.
I could see it happening. You could miss a hard face palm and face plant the desk
I retract all the mean things I thought about him.
As a Celtics fan I'm hardwired to hate LeBron on the court. But damn if he isn't a class act. 
He really isn’t a bad guy at all (just look at his philanthropy). I just wish we could beat him.
this fucking sub is ridiculous 
I like LeBron a lot and was never his hater. Bronsexuals, however, those are the people that I hate. 
> He's never done anything wrong in 15 years.

You mean like taking a 7 word announcement and turning into a [75 minute nationally-televised spectacle of narcissism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Decision_(TV_special) )? 
Why? People didn’t respond and react the way you thought they would? 

Edit to add I now agree this sub is ridiculous. Prayers up to all   
I personally find Bron haters to be a thousand times more annoying tbh, but they're both bad.
Oh fuck off these things happen. Wasn’t intentional. Just tried to make a play on the ball. 
Fuck Reggie Miller on his insensitive commentary. 
I usually watch the games in the morning (UK). Couldn't even finish the game after the injury but just skipped ahead to know whats going on with Jaylen
Horford's "Fuck Hank" game.
Stevens saying they aren’t anticipating any serious injuries. 
Thank you sir, concussion still bad but I thought it was a whole lot worse
As bad as concussion can be if that's all Jaylen has he'll be very lucky with how scary that fall was.
Stevens just said they aren’t anticipating any serious injuries. 
Yep. He’s just a slight movement away from having this be a potentially life changing injury. Terrifying.
Yeah you got grade 1 2 and 3 concussion 3 being the worst. 
Holy fuck don't think I've ever been so relieved to see a player stand up. 
Yeah, that looked pretty bad. But at least he got up on his own power, so hopefully it isn’t too bad. Let’s go Jaylen!
Jaylen literally could have lost his ability to even walk.

Shit scares me, but im grateful it wasn't worse
I was screaming at my monitor telling Wiggins to hold him. This sucks. Get well JB!
I legit dropped my phone the moment he landed on his neck. Hope nothing too serious happens to him. Hate to see young talent wither like that.
I think I would’ve taken a break from watching basketball if the worst happened. That and Hayward is too much for one team 
:( so scary 
Teared up almost 
Fuck I thought he was dead/paralyzed 
Fuck that was scary. It looked like he just got concussed, but that could mean anything. On one hand he could be back in a week, but the last time I saw someone get concussed like that they couldn't even do schoolwork for months, let alone play sports 
Wasn't there someone who commented on his careless dunks like two days ago. 
That was a really scary looking fall. Seeing him stand up was SO relieving. Hopefully he doesn't try to hang on the rim again!
I'm atheist as fuck, but I was instinctively praying after that shit! Scary as fuck! Heal up Professor Brown, look after yourself cause concussions aint to be trifled with either. Lets hope we see no more injuries across the rest of the league this season, too many already.
My heart fucking stopped for a second there. Get well JB!!!
Son of a bitch that was scary. 
I almost cried man. I was thinking the worst (maybe broken neck/paralyzed)
Me too, man.  I can't take these injuries.  I feel so awful for everyone.  
I guess what he did with his hands is common with concussions. Let’s hope he gets well soon!
I mean it looked like a pretty bad concussion, out at least a week maybe 2
I’m thinking maybe a stinger? I remember Pierce had a nasty one a few years back & he looked “locked up.”
If you’re talking about the stiff arms that’s a concussion symptom. 
I fucking hate him so much for that.

Don't talk about shit if you're not sure about it. If you see some one break his arm you can talk about his broken arm, don't fucking guess about serious injuries you idiot.

I'm maybe a bit emotional and my reaction may be over the top, but still.
What is wrong with you
What's wrong with you
If by freak you mean he freaks out everyone else in the NBA with how bad their knees could get...
It's a boy! Small world
You replied to a comment about jaylen walkin off the court with Stupid remark about Hayward somehow being clumsy? How the fuck is he clumsy? 
I swear Brad has some tears forming. So the fuck did I. 
My fucking Jaylen 😰
Sick dunk tho 
That couldve been a lot worse.

Thank God he doesnt have spinal damage!
God my heart is still in my stomach. That was tough to watch
Poor Jaylen. I pray that he'll be alright. 
I was sick after I saw this.... I’m not watching it again 
i never want to see some shit like this again oml that was scary
Holy shit that’s tough to watch in slo-mo
I thought he broke his neck or collarbone at first...that was brutal. 
could’ve been a hell of a lot worse. he took a wrestling bump thru a table though. he aight! 
It’s always us, man. Bias, Lewis, Hayward, now Brown. Obviously Hayward and Brown aren’t gonna die, but like, it’s always us with these insane things. Jesus Christ.
It feels weird hoping for "just" a concussion but God Damn I thought he legitimately might be paralyzed. Get well soon, Jaylen. 
“He might have a broken neck” - Reggie Miller

Disgusting. 
I for one have had enough of these awkward falls this season. 
That was just so shocking and gruesome, it was different. This one was just legitimately horrifying because it was neck/spine
The way his hands went up. For a second it looked like it might have been something as serious as a broken neck. Blame Reggie for a lot but not this 
?? You just don't say it. Regardless of what it may or may not be. You don't, while the kid is laying on the ground like that, start speculating shit on national TV like "he might have broken his neck". Yeah just don't. 
Was at the game- felt like half the crowd was Celtics fans. This ruled. JB landing on his head was absolutely fucking awful to see and hear though.
OMG Wtf I know
Jaylen is shooting lights out from the FT line the past month or so... 92% since ASB and 82.4% since February (47-57)...
Something tells me it's easier to approach someone who doesn't have a totally fucked up leg. Most of them were about to lose their lunch when GH got hurt. While Jaylen's was extremely scary, it wasn't as gruesome. That being said, I think I'd be more worried about "oh shit, he fell on his head" rather than "damn, he broke his leg". You're not dying from a broken leg, generally. 
"listen as he hits the ground"? WTF
Acting job by Horford? stfu reggie thats all you fucking know how to say
KYRIE saw JB go down and already checked this game under the W column. playing for his boy, this one is written in stone
When Kyrie does shit like this its really hard to disagree with him about geography
Faith, Consistency, and Hard Work Pays Off
Can you guys imagine fucking playoff Kyrie???
Does anyone else feel less into this game after that fall??
That screaming girl annoying af
ok but how about Jaylen's DUNK though, that play was nasty even though he got hurt
That finish would’ve disgusting 
Holy shit Jaylen Brown that was one of the worst landings I've seen. Fuck that looked scary. Hope he's alright.
I was so disappointed to find out this was a national game. Don't get me wrong I like the exposure but... ugh this shit. 

Edit: Specifically TNT. 
fuck you too Chuck
Kick fucking ball
Fucking Turtle 🐢 Power 
Shut the fuck up, Reggie. 
I'm still in shock from that fall. My god. It's so crazy how they have to go back and start playing after that. Would be so traumatizing for me...
SHUT IT THE FUCK DOWN! THATS IT GAME OVER!!!

NOW I KNOW WHY JAE CROWDER TYPES IN CAPS HOLY SHITT
He's moving his feet thank god :(
How can a season be so fun and yet so fucking awful at the same time. Fuck injuries
I’m all in on Scary Terry. He’s got it.
I hate TNT games!!! They BS way too much in the studio and never give any "professional" analysis :(
This team gets me so fucking wet💦 and hard🍆 at the same time⌚
No better way to look tough after a poster then to cry your way back to the bench.
Bad night for anyone in the negative camp for divisive Celtics players. 
Fuck not Jaylen not Jaylen no more injury no more
stop fucking showing it you cunts
Injuries this season across the league have been insane. Seriously getting hard to watch games at times - just constantly worried something is going to happen. Maybe just still rattled by the Hayward injury.
[Brown out for the rest of the game, he’s being evaluated for a concussion](https://twitter.com/ESPNForsberg/status/971946393760919552?s=20) 
Reggie Miller what the hell is wrong with you?? 
I was so worried that might’ve been a Ryan Shazier-type injury. No more injuries please I don’t know if I can handle shit like this anymore
Where is the fucking kickball? 
jesus reggie shut the fuck up you smug asshole
Get Baynes the fuck out of here and put in Theis
Jaylen almost fucking died... fuck
Fuck why

FUCK

FUCK
I feel absolutely horrible, please be OK.
Holy fuck thank God he's walking off 
That was absolutely terrifying. My God. 
The way Jaylen landed head 1st on the court is just to scary to watch. My heart can't take anymore of these scary Celtics injuries.
No more dunks for the season please.
Still super shaken up..  can't stop checking  Twitter for an update now :(
That's just ridiculous.
kyrie irving is a bad bad man
So can we all agree no more jumping when Harlen is calling games?
We didn’t even get to celebrate that sick dunk
Fuck Chuck Barkley, the borderline NBA champion.

All hail King Shaq
Fuck the Rockets
why the fuck are they doubling every post up 

why???
Terry has REALLY improved his finishing at the basket this year.  I remember even in game 1-2 he would throw up really awkward looking garbage layups routinely.
Oh my fucking god you needa call a timeout after that 
Well...I need new fucking shorts AGAIN! GOD DAMNIT CELTICS STOP RUINING MY CLOTHES!
God... just fucking pay that man
Smart is insane holy oh my god
Smart is filthy tonight jfc
This is absolutely awful
Nothing is broken. He's concussed. Please. I hope. God damnit.
FUCK NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!
He’s up thank fucking god
Jaylen is a tough kid. 
It’s always us, man. Bias, Lewis, Hayward, now Brown. Obviously Hayward and Brown aren’t gonna die, but like, it’s always us with these insane things. Jesus Christ.
that landing seriously reminded me of Marquis Daniels' awful freak neck injury.
I wonder how watching that must've affected Hayward. Gotta be tough for him mentally 
Kyrie is a fucking god
Kyrie just sayin fuck y'all we aint losing this game
Gibson just grabbed Kyrie around the waist to stop him from getting the ball. Fuck you refs 
TNT games are brutal to us
YEAH YOU WALK THAT SHIT OFF YOU TOUGH MOTHERFUCKER. FUCK YEAH
Hope Jaylen is ok... Man, that was horrific to watch.
on tnt with harlan as the announcer = bad mojo
Yo, fuck Charles Barkley.
bad lob kyrie
Morris takes ridiculous shots and makes half of en 
Terry "Scary 'Usain Bolt' Terry" Rozier III! 
SCARY
shoutout to the people who hated Morris last month
Come the fuck on.
HOLY SHIT!!! 

Holy shit!!
What the fuck?!?!
Holy shit!
Some of these offensive rebound putbacks are ridiculous! LET'S GOOOO CELTICS!
Holy fuck marcus
That was a terrible fall 
Just a concussion please.  I know that's not good either but no structural damage please.
FUCK
This is a horrible moment, everyone pray for Jaylen :(
pls pls pls just be dazed
fuck. that was terrifying. hope he's ok. 
WTF Why? Is Boston cursed?
STOP FUCKING REPLAYING IT 
At least his should hit before the head, but damn that was a hard hit
please be alright Jaylen :( 
Tough motherfucker 💪💪💪
He is up wow that was terrifying.
This game has a lot of Smart-esque plays 
Thankfully we don't have a game until Sunday, and then Wednesday after that, so our boys can rest up. It looks like everyone is shaken up, despite the fact we're closing out this game well.
You what the fuck why does Marcus always refuse to pass to Jaylen?
Wow, Thank you for standing up and walking. Holy shit man. That was so scary :( :( :0 :0 :'( :'(
No more Kevin Harlan on Celtics broadcasts please.
Jesus that was scary. Hopefully he just got the wind knocked out of him
Dude if he is alright though....most badass fucking play ever. Damn 
SCARY T!
Fuck the Rockets
chucks just mad he doesn’t have a ring 😩
Jesus I wish we had one of those “fuck you” spot up shooters
So, when are we gonna give Scary Terry the max, and an untradeable clause?
Tatum wtf
Crazy to think that not that long ago we had Kris Humphries and Gerald Wallace on the team. 
WHY YOU SOOO MEAN SMARF
DONT DO EM VICIOUS LIKE THAT SMART holy shit
Can't watch the game. At work. :( 

DRose playing tonight?
Jesus Marcus Morris takes a fucking beating on the court
Marcus can fucking defend almost anyone.
Mood:  basketball players acting like bitchy, preppy teenage white girls whenever they have to touch poop or vomit or anything nasty whenever a ball goes out of bounds.
Oh fuck
Are you fucking kidding me 
Fuck everything
Oh my fucking God, fuck no no no 
fuck fuck fuck fuck
Fuck this fucking season with all its fucking injuries.  Fuck.
Oh fuck me man
Why does shit like this keep having to fucking happen this season
God fucking dammit 
Oh my God.... That looked awful. 
Please be a concussion and not a fractured vertebra or anything. I always am afraid of that happening when guys drive the lane for a dunk... Never seen someone come off like that but always been afraid of it... Fuck
Stop fucking showing it, jesus
oh my fucking god what the fuckkkkkkkkkkkk
HOLY SHIT he's walking! bless up
can we agree to just layups for the rest of the game/season. Two awful fucking injuries
FUCK

SCARY BOI
HOW THE FUCK DID KYRIE MAKE THAT?
SCARY T FOR THREEEEE
Scary Terry double digit scoring streak up to 15 games
Rozier developing some nasty handles 
FUCK YOUUUU MERLONIIII
Careful Al. Dunks are scary the rest of this game. 
I want to have Rozier and Smart off the bench for us for years to come. Very unlikely though :(
Fuck Reggie miller.  
are people seriously still asking for a update on jaylen? he's got a concussion if you didnt notice from when he was knocked out cold
I'm so sad
SCARY TERRY AND ONE.
Fuck
Fuck Chuck. That's all. 
Those fucking lime green sneakers are pulling all my focus.
These guys have an insane presence of mind on the court to do what they do.
wtf is going on those last 2 possessions. 
dirty
Fuck Kat 
Thibs always looks so distraught and forlorn 
I didn’t know Brown has the floater game. 

Maybe he doesn’t and he just decided to go for the Hail Mary 
Is it me or does anyone else feel that tatums legs are shot? He looked bad on that blow by 
Marcus challenged the fuck outta that
SCARY
Smarts ridiculous 
 this game has made me start to dislike KAT. Just seems like a dick. Bitching and throwing elbows al over the place
I feel like when Baynes as the ball in hands at midrange somebody should be cutting for him so that we don't have to settle for that shot.
So many bad shots, even that Al hook was bad. 
can we please get a fucking rebound?!
FUCK NO
fuck
Why the fuck does this shit happen to us??
FUCK not jaylen nooooooooooooo
Fuck my shit up
I’m sick. Omg.
Oh my fucking god please no
Can someone let me know what just happened because I'm not watching the game and on the verge of running into traffic
Fuck
That was horrible
Just heard it on the radio. Did it look bad?
Terrifying. Hoping they’re just taking precautions here and it’s “just” a concussion. Ugh 
God fucking damn, the thud on the replay...
He walked out at least
what the fuck MAN SHIT
commentators said they saw arm & leg movement, thank god. that was fucking terrifying  to watch :((
Please close the game out guys 
THAT WAS A BIG SCARY T3RRY THR33!
Lazy foul by Tatum , gotta move your feet
I just saw the JB fall. Looks bad, but probably a concussion. If it was spinal, he probably wouldn't have walked off
Talk about the game holy fuck
Where's the energy? And can Al please start hitting shots? 

Edit: God what the fuck is Baynes doing
Whats the worst possible outcome regarding the injury?
Baynes and Al have looked so bad this game. Put Morris back in
Why the fuck is Marv calling the game like it’s a radio broadcast?
Who else lost power and had to go to a bar to watch the game?
Bout as bad as you could look coming into the half
Harlan is so fucking annoying. Acts like every 3 is a game winner in a game 7. 
FUCK OFF MORRIS
Fuck these brakeawy dunks with defenders around you! This happens every time someone does it, idk why players keep trying it. 
move your fucking legs
I'm not worried about Chuck thinking we're irrelevant, actually it works in our favor. because it seems like every time Chuck has a take, he's dead wrong. He's done a lot of apologizing and back pedaling this year alone.
And it’s a matter of who’s gonna show up in the playoffs. Kyle Lowry and Derozan or fucking Kyrie Irving and Downtown JaylenBrown?
Yeah. Could even have broken his neck with a fall like that.
Dude he was close to no more basketball ever...Could have broken his neck or injured his spinal cord.
I thought he might have broken his neck. His body was perpendicular to the ground and his hands just slipped off the rim.
Seriously. It looked like a soccer play.
i mean it literally is a followup to his surgery before....
yeah that was nasty lmaooo
Probably sore as fuck as well
Those dirty whores
wtf guys!?
Seriously.
Ever since he came back from that nasty fall and bruised his hip he's been on fire
It was worse for me because it's the damn neck. God that scared the shit out of me 
I was worried he tore something in his arm the way he landed.  If it’s just a concussion it could keep him out a couple weeks.  It looked serious. 
There was another screaming in the rockets game she was annoying af 
 same. That was scary as fuck
I think it's a classic concussion reflex. It happened to that Texans QB somewhat similarly this past NFL season. The twitching is scary. Man this is a gruesome NBA season. 
No shit.  That mother fucker needs to quit speculating.  Fucking talking about a broken neck shit the fuck up.
Next time he just rips the fucking rim off the backboard.
it looked pretty bad, he is getting to his feet now
Yes. He is moving, a positive sign, but that was vicious. 
Looks like its just a concussion. Still awful, but could of been worse. Walking off on own power
'an listen when he hits the ground'
WTF no?! 
He’s walking, which if there was ANY risk of anything they’d stretcher him off. I’m shook as fuck but imma keep watching. I’ve been hardened like a Vietnam soldier after the Hayward injury.
Dude i fucking feel u gn bro.  my heart is still going crazy
He really is the worst. 
Thibs can get rough sometimes if u know what I mean
No.

Sincerely,

3ITKH
Concussion seems likely based off his reactions on the floor. If it's bad, maybe out until the playoffs or close to.
Just one of each highlight, I mean you can watch that one posted billions of times as I will. Gotta leave room for the rest of the putbacks. 
Fuck you Jean-Jacques Rousseau 
Fucking a right? It's brutal to keep watching
It's not your fault, just the dangers of the game. He'll heal up hopefully and be back in a few weeks
They are not calling this game. Huh? 
yeah I heard that, what the fuck. We muted it instead.
fuck me I hope not 
Nah not yet - went small to counter the speed on defense. 
Jaylen went in for a fast break dunk, a little out of control.  Dunked it, but fell horribly on his side/back, kinda like Bogut, but without breaking his arm.
Jaylen dunked the ball, fingers slipped off the rim and he lit very awkwardly on his back/neck
Out for the game and is being evaluated for a concussion.
broken vertebrae. serious concussion that puts him into protocol. pinched nerve or some shit. broken wrist. who knows. hard to tell. 
He's 20 and his friend almost got fucking paralyzed. Cut him some slack.
> Not to be negative as fuck but I'm going to be negative as fuck
Basketball is a game of runs 
Yes we are, stop it with the negative bullshit.
What a sad life you have. 
Downvote this idiot
It was badass but I don't wanna see our guys doing this. The alley oop to Hayward and this were flashy, unnecessary plays gone horribly wrong.
>talks about being irrelevant

>is the timberwolves
you're a shit fan considering what just happened to jimmy

at least our coach rests our players
Is this what you do with you're life troll.  How sad 
You’re a fucking horrible person. Just looking through your comment history. A miserable piece of shit. At least it seems like you’ve failed life.
Fuck off cunt
CUMONNNN, MAAHN!

Reggie wants to be Charles so bad.
No more blunt rides with thots and eating bon bons while he gets blown.
Could have been a helluva lot worse.
Hopefully a concussion is the worst of it.
Yes I saw, I mean before he got up. It was a very scary fall
Damn this game was cursed from the start.
Gordon didn't land on his fucking neck. This was scarier.
I guess i'm sporting my Bird jersey the rest of the season. Feels bad m8...
3/23. Shh. Don’t tell thd real Bradley Stevens or he’ll be mad.
Sorry, it had to be done.
Didn't intend to be. Literally praying he would move his fucking legs. Same way I felt when I saw Shazier's hit. Fuck you, for implying otherwise, prick.
It's like any other pizza. When done wrong, it's awful. When done right, it's the tits. And if you eat enough and they'll give you tits!
Dude he could've broken his neck. Give it a break
Smarts a bitch and fuck Boston 
Can you order ME a pizza? Fuck those other guys.
Sorry, I only have Papa Brad’s number:

323-0020
Oh wow he had a bad game. Look at Kyrie and Al playoffs stats to the raptors star players it's not close bud.
Related MEME Tweets: [Smarf before the all star break vs Smarf after the all star break] (https://twitter.com/Jack_Michael17/status/971902512805695493)

[Smarf as Luke Skywalker] (https://twitter.com/Kl11A/status/971903687152095232)
If we make it to the finals, I think we should stick with the group that got us there. Throwing in a guy who would absolutely not be at 100%, not to mention rusty, and has little to no chemistry on the court with the team yet, would be a very bad idea imo
No, the severity of his injury calls for full-on recovery. Just the thought of playing a 80-90% Hayward is absolutely terrifying in my mind. If we just made it to the second round, I'd be stoked. We grew a lot as a team so far, and that was completely necessary.
Not sure i would say losing in game 6 ECF to prime lebron is choking...lol 
IT played in games 1 and 2 and you guys got spanked...and aside from a couple guys having games of their lives in game 3 you guys were never in any game...#helladumbarguemets
is your brain fried? Lay off the arguments buddy it's doing you no good. Actually feel bad for you a lil
what did that mean? I like it a lot whatever it is
It's not often I recognize usernames but yours is always popping up with negative shit, I'm just accepting you're a troll
If we want to give kyrie a break would it be a terrible idea to have terry start and drop another trip doub while kyrie has a lighter load off the bench?
So Scary
Because his specialty isn't rebounding, I hate the "can't bound" label people have on him
No, you mean Lou Merloni. 
Well...maybe Felger too? I don't listen to that shit, I just saw Merloni gain notoriety (and hatred from Anna Horford) over "Average Al".

Nah Felger gets what Horford does. He's from Milwaukee and idolized Kareem growing up, seeing a center shoot 3s at a 42% clip is blowing his fucking mind.
Sick of bum ass raptors fans lurking in our sub
Nah, just when I see posts and comments that some of you guys post. Kinda pathetic tbh
What was pathetic OP post?
Also IT wanted to play through it. It’s not like the Celtics forced him to play, players have some agency. 
Kinda crazy that regardless of if he's back this year, that he may still return before Fultz
It’s a fake injury philly made up to redshirt him. It’s the process
How do you shut someone down for the year who already isn’t playing? You are using that term really weirdly.
Yeah I'm tired of the games and the circus
Fake news 
Never forget game 2
You can see Powe if you go to the game in person. He works with those kids that play during half time. Not sure what his other duties are
Does anyone else have a Leon Powe jersey? I rushed and got one after his game 2 performance and its gotta be a collectors item now lmfao people are always shocked when im wearing my #0 celtics jersey that doesnt say Tatum or Bradley on the back. I feel like its gotta be just me and the Powe family that have it
I was there....best game of my life
Fake news media 
I mean there’s a difference between getting a little lift on a jump shot, and jumping with the effort to match the amount of athleticism that’s around you on a nba court 

I don’t think Gordon is there yet at a stationary position let alone off a cut or run or gather. I think that’s what he meant. 
yeah. a guy can dream...but now it's time to wake up unfortunately. 
Shut the FUCK UP 

3/23 ☘⚠🏆
I'll be at the game tonight and **I AM PUMPED**.
Here’s where I’m at: I want Isaiah to score 50 points every night, as long as it’s a Lakers loss. Because fuck the Lakers.
I like watching the Lakers right now. Their players go hard as fuck and KCP is the only annoying one to watch. IT4 would probably drive me crazy too if I wasn't pulling for him so hard but still.
Yes you were :(
Yeah that was a frustrating series...
He even turned his ankle and you thought he would slow down...


Nope
Exactly, half the battle is having the confidence to want the ball when the game is on the line and believe you're gonna hit it every time. You're gonna miss some and you're gonna make some. 
Missed game tying shots vs Spurs, Heat, Pelicans.
Yeah, LeBron has missed game tying shots as well. Belive it or not, even IT missed game-tying/game-winning shots in his Boston time. Mind-blowing, I know, but try to get over it and stop shitting on Kyrie on every thread for everything. 
I’m torn between two possibilities. Either you are a Boston fan still salty about IT being traded for Kyrie or you are one of those Cleveland LeBron dick riders salty about Kyrie leaving your king. Either way it’s pathetic. 
I would not like to play the Heat in the 1st round. Spo too dangerous with that squad and we have had issues with them this year. 

Bring on the Bucks. 




Scal (Brian Scalabrine, our broadcast analyst) said it was Miami he worried about. That was during a game, so he didn't get to expound on it much, other than to compliment Spo's coaching and the Heat culture. He didn't specifically cite Maple Dick Olynyk, but he didn't have to for a Celtics audience.

I figure his opinion was better-founded than mine could ever be, but I'd agree in any case.
Give me the Bucks cause I know we always have a hard time against the Heat
Not tryna be rude but I feel like either series would be a sweep maybe 5 games
Same it's weird how Giannis plays really bad against us, we swept the season series because Giannis had a bad games for all 3 of them.
I’m hard
What a joke. Can’t believe the NBA doesn’t just fine themselves. 

Watch the game and you can see Harden grabbing and pulling and getting away with it. 

It’s pathetic and the NBA should be ashamed. 
I hate how the NBA fines players for telling the truth Harden gets ridiculous calls and so does Lebron yet Kyrie gets little to no calls 
Fuck James Harden
Some of us love him, some of us irrationally hate him because he’s not flashy and doesn’t get insane stats. But the man literally can do everything. 
If Brown or Tatum were on a terrible team in a situation like Booker they could both probably be putting up close to 20 a game. They'll get the recognition they deserve after they start racking up some NBA championships 
This list is terrible, especially if they are going on future potential, and also Chris Herring is a joke. 

Rank| Marks | Pelton | Herring
---|---|----|----
No. 1|	Anthony Davis	|Giannis Antetokounmpo	|Giannis Antetokounmpo
No. 2|	Giannis Antetokounmpo|	Anthony Davis|	Anthony Davis
No. 3|	Joel Embiid	|Karl-Anthony Towns	|Joel Embiid
No. 4|	Karl-Anthony Towns|	Nikola Jokic|	Ben Simmons
No. 5|	Kristaps Porzingis|	Joel Embiid|	Karl-Anthony Towns
No. 6|	Clint Capela	|Ben Simmons|	Brandon Ingram
No. 7|	Bradley Beal	|Bradley Beal	|Donovan Mitchell
No. 8|	Nikola Jokic	|Kristaps Porzingis|	Nikola Jokic
No. 9|	Devin Booker	|Lonzo Ball|	Kristaps Porzingis
No. 10|	Gary Harris	|Clint Capela|	Devin Booker
No. 11|	Steven Adams	|Donovan Mitchell	|**Jayson Tatum**
No. 12|	Ben Simmons	|Andre Drummond|	Gary Harris
No. 13|	Andre Drummond	|Devin Booker	|Bradley Beal
No. 14|	Donovan Mitchell	|Otto Porter	|Lauri Markkanen
No. 15|	Otto Porter	|Aaron Gordon|	Kyle Kuzma
No. 16|	**Jayson Tatum**	|**Jayson Tatum**	|Andre Drummond
No. 17|	Brandon Ingram	|Jamal Murray|	Otto Porter
No. 18|	Dario Saric	|Gary Harris|	Steven Adams
No. 19|	Jamal Murray	|Steven Adams|	Zach LaVine
No. 20|	**Jaylen Brown**	|**Jaylen Brown**|	Andrew Wiggins
No. 21|	Andrew Wiggins	|Myles Turner	|Dejounte Murray
No. 22|	Julius Randle	|John Collins|	Aaron Gordon
No. 23|	Myles Turner	|Lauri Markkanen|	Lonzo Ball
No. 24|	Lauri Markkanen  |Brandon Ingram	|Tyus Jones
No. 25|	Josh Richardson|	Fred VanVleet	|Markelle Fultz

Can someone post the article so we can read this dumb paywalled content? No point in posting a headline if we can't read it.
Hmm... alright, I guess I was interpreting that to mean max age of 25
Maybe Chad Finn felt the need to write this because Al's bashers on Twitter have been relentless. Even the Locked On boys, Kyle Draper and Blakely are irritated by the Horford hate. 
Yea, that's all that bugs me about stuff like this. Criticizing Al =/= we think he's a bad player or don't appreciate what he's done. He's been in a slump, but I hope he steps it up in the postseason. We'll see.
All Star.  You just said it yourself.  He was a fucking all star this season.  Do people like you complain just to complain? If we beat the Cavs in 6 will you bitch because we couldn't get it done in 5?  Dude is allowed to have a bad game sometimes plus regular season don't mean shit.  Can't wait to watch him silence the haters in the playoffs again
As someone who has random panic attacks all the fucking time, I can tell you how debilitating they feel. Sometimes I feel like I'm dying, they are so bad - and they come out of nowhere with no warning. 

I can't imagine being a public figure and trying to play in a basketball game with it going on. Props to these dudes for bringing some knowledge to the issue and that it can happen to anyone.
They have gained a new respect from me , sometimes i have panic attacks and they are the worst thing ever.
The Smart hate specifically has gotten pretty bad lately.
Not sure why you felt the need to post that on this thread
I know the sympthoms from hypo , since my sister and my mom are type 1  , so im certain it isnt , but yeah isnt a bad idea to check it out
Didn't blame him said that i feel bad he has to go through all the drama in Cleveland
can't wait until he hits every game winner in the playoffs 
its crazy to think he'll be back in 16 days. Can't wait
SPEAK IT INTO EXISTENCE MICHAEL GORMAN, YOU FUCKING LEGEND.
And nobody should ever be said to be wrong for simply believing, Michael. It's all we got. #realtalk
Just because he's working hard to get back doesn't mean he will this season. At any rate, 3/23 is still on.
Hayward and Gronk completely silent. Got fans going crazy
Why do we need game winners when we are up by 49 every game?
Yeah but it could also mean 8 hours of rocky style workouts a day
985 = 360

WTF
I mean that could've already been the case if Gorman and Ainge weren't saying stuff like this every other week.

3/23 stay woke.
Woooshhh, sorry it's going over my head. How does that relate to Hayward?
It wasn't that bad, it was like 16 points.
That just feels so dirty and calculated 
I was gonna mention this while watching the Bulls game. Fred Hoiberg should be fired immediately... there's a difference between just losing and losing with the ability to teach the game. His players look completely lost...

In that Grizzlies game, you could atleast see a semblance of direction and competitiveness from them.
Portis at the 3 spot is about as blatant a tank move as you could possibly get. He's slow for a 4, never mind down a position. 
Did you watch the game? The end score definitely does not tell the story of that game.
I usually park at the garage on Somerset st, its like $13 for weekdays after 4pm until midnight, if I can't find street parking.
This is frustrating. In baseball which is already extremely boring (AT TIMES) beer ending at the 7th inning stretch is very sad. 
My wife says Tatum looks like Drake every fucking game
Kobe was the youngest all-star ever at 19 years old, that's crazy. Not only that but he started in the game too.
Holy fuck are you a dumbass.
Were you literally waiting for anything negative to happen to him so you could come back here? Sad
I mean I like KOC too, but he's basically a Simmons mouthpiece
1 karma 1 year, say no more 
I mean ya we’d want ayton but what’s the alternative? No kyrie but we get a rookie ayton? Pass I’ll take kyrie 10/10 times over ayton and injured IT
Not sure I understand what you said, do you mean you’d rather have the number 1 pick than Kyrie?
I was legit using YOUR definition for an all star, but you had to change it again when you realized it was a bad definition. 
care to prove me wrong?
Yes I understand. This is a subjective exercise. One reason I don't like to define metrics very narrowly. It is case by case. 
> About half the fan base believed Hayward was the better player. I don’t think that’s an insane belief.

Where are you getting this from? That is a completely insane belief and I'm literally the biggest Gordon Hayward fan here lol.
What's Jose done lately? Couldn't get minutes for two of the worst teams in the league last season, while Hill was arguably in career-best form. He's closer to All-Star than average.
TB to opening night in 2011. Hypest game of that season!
I will always remember Shaq on the floor crawling like Mission Impossible.
Chicken parm fries, also probably the cheapest 
Fuck Harden.
Man fuck this league sometimes.
It's insane to me that Harden still gets the benefit of the doubt on any calls. 

It's like the officials don't understand that what he's doing is attempting to get them to fuck up and look foolish. They should take offense to that shit tbh.
I dunno about that. Just seems like they don't want people talking about how they change the rules of the game for superstar players. Can't be talking about what everybody knows.
yes. nhl officiating is just as bad as the nba or nfl. and if it wasnt for goodell, bettman would be the worst commissioner in sports.
Do you have a reference site? I'm terrible at looking up stats 
ESPN minutes per game 
For 4 goddamn years I never realized his birthday was his number. I feel so stupid now.
Defense. Thomas was better on offense than Kyrie is, he also is one of league’s very worst defenders. 
Kyrie is not more athletic than Isaiah. 
If Robinson drops to us I think it would be crazy not to gamble on him 
If the Clippers make the playoffs I'm hoping we package both our picks together and move up a few spots and grab someone in the late lottery. Something like 11-13 probably.
Are you implying that this year's cavaliers are a threat..? *Awkwardly laughs*
*awkard laughing turns to depressed realization that lebron will destroy everyone as usual*
I'm not him but I don't think its impossible for us to beat the Cavs at all. 
Oh this, this annoyed me when I visited. But then you can go drinking before or AFTER too. 
Annoying but there are so many fake IDs out there that a venue like the Garden has to have some sort of policy like this
Might be getting ahead for 2019 too. There was a tweet the other day of someone observing him scouting and their were noted 2019 players at the supposed game.
well he's usually in the studio for those games...
If you don't think rest is important you have not paid attention to what's been going on in sports. There is no reason for anyone to play 82 game 36 minutes a night it's bad for the body.  
He definitely does have some flaws in his game but I think he can overcome them considering how much he’s already improved. It’s your opinion though and I don’t think its outrageous enough to be down-voted. 
> I don’t think its outrageous enough to be down-voted.

then you don't know that guy. he literally makes it his intent to bash Jaylen and praise Tatum in any comment he makes on here. he's an obvious troll, he goes out of his way to discredit Jaylen, and praises Jayson for playing much worse. 
Wow I should’ve known that. My bad
crazy how one game can have playoff atmosphere and the next can have exhibition atmosphere
To everyone giving al shit and calling him average, go fuck yourselves. We don't need you around here. 
Nader with -17 in 12 minutes.

Jesus Christ man, that's fucking baaaaaad
Michael Jordan was so derivative of Jaylen Brown it's crazy people gave him any praise in the 90's, jeez.
wtf, larkin with 100% 3p shooting.
bulls revenge game 
Holy crap that was an ass kicking. Felt worse than Hornets game. 
When we were up 32 I turned to my wife and said k im gonna give up on this game like the Bulls did 

Brown is making a strong case to be the main Robin to Kyrie Batman. Holy crap that guy is scary charging to the hoop. Flashes of his dominance 
I hppe your wrong.
That's why I hate blow outs in a way, I think we held the Warriors to less points in Boston then Bulls scored today. 
Part of what's been encouraging since the break is not just that we took Houston to the wire in their building, but that we've treated every bad team we've played like a bad team. Blew out the Pistons, Grizzlies, and Hornets, and in spite of a close game we beat the Knicks by 9 on the 2nd night of a road B2B. 

Contenders are supposed to put away the bad teams, and that's what we've been doing. 
Thick, jacked core combat muscles
Don't get me started :(
Well based on those passing plays in the Rockets game, I'd say this makes a lot of sense
This halftime show is insane
this is jaylen's game
nader and ojeleye have to be the worst garbage time duo of all time.  
Man I kinda feel bad for the bulls right now.... jk fuck em
I feel bad for the elbow that had to go against these balls of steel.
I fuck with Larkin
Fuck is our defense doing
anyone else rock hard over how this game will affect our defensive rating?
This is getting boring. We are absolutely destroying them.
this crowd is so fucking creepy. it's like an echo at a dead mall.
119 ppg ties 3rd in the NBA the past 5 games? Holy fuck
Terry please no more oops you're gonna kill someone.
Jaylen fucking hangs in the air.
apparently we're at the point where we can make the worst teams in the NBA suffer after our tough losses. I love it.
Jaylen said fuck the NBA
Let's go home holy fuck bulls fans 
Poor Theis 
hey guys, take care of our defensive rating. don't let down!!!
Abby is jinxing us wtf
Horford gonna make up for the Rockets game 
Monroe so smoove. Felicio's gonna have a hard time on him rn
This lineup is fucking yuuuuge
TBH I find these games extremely boring.

It's like beating a dead horse. I thought Bulls were a bit better?
Now the goal is to hold them below 60 points.

But seriously, this level of tanking is embarrassing...
DON'T YOU FUCKING HURT JAYLEN YOU FUCKS
Professor Brown: 
#Fuck
Fuck you portis don't hurt Jaylen 
Just turned on the game and holy fuck 
Theis that block was nasty
I get the hype surrounding this draft class and that you have to trust the process and all, but this must be brutal for the home crowd. 
YOU MADE JAYLEN MAD!
Don’t forget that Mannix said this was a trap game
Jesus Christ and I thought the Charlotte game was a beatdown...
This was the fastest game ever wtf
Don’t overrate this game 
The Morris at 3 experiment hasn't worked in the past (small sample size) but let's see it against the Bulls if that means anything
This is some terrible basketball hahah
terrible offense this Q
I feel horrible for any modern Bulls fans.
This stadium is so quiet it's making me uncomfortable
The bulls looks worse than the grizzlies 
If they were going to clone Micheal jordan and trade him for jaylen brown. I'd stab the gm in the face saying the trade to me with a pincil, a fucking piincil
brown didint score in the 2nd quarter :(
OH SHIT WE CAN GET A 2-FOR-1 LET'S GO!
Put your dicks away boys they have real shit on the internet for ya
I refuse to believe trading Mirotic made the Bulls this incompetent on offense
Lmfao fuck the bulls
These halftime shows are practically useless I'd almost rather watch commercials. 
Can we just put Theis in? Baynes on Portis is not a good matchup
Scal is awful.
Did Monroe just play defense? In a game?
Anyone else remember the pre-KG days when everyone in Boston hated Scal? Phony motherfuckers.
His spin move is DEADLY in 2k.  I actually default to Brown in isolation instead of Kyrie now because of how filthy that spin is.
Right? I feel kinda bad for bulls fans
There were a few “let’s go bulls” chants at least
Excatly, they didn't feel bad for us when they embarrased us earlier in the season, go for the troath if you ask me.
Same.

I actually hate staying up until 3am to watch a blowout.
Why do you force me to make these impossible decisions
Specify playoff IT at least, where he has no teammates that know how to handle a basketball.

|#DontforgetTheGoat
He said “THAT’S CRAZY.”

I want to know what he and Marcus were talking about
I hate the reactionary shit on this sub. 
Kinda is tbh

We don't do well on Mondays in Chicago usually
Weird...he’s usually the fastest player on the court.
Fuck I think I jinxed it
Not enough minutes to go around for everyone sadly.
Freedom coffee sucks
You are so pathetic 
Ur awful
Scal was never good enough to be hated 
Why would you hate this hard on one of your own team's players? Pathetic man
"WTF Mook contest the jumper!!!"
and I ran out of chips :(
Seriously? That's weak.
Would you marry Abby if it meant the Celtics not winning a championship ever again?
Agreed but they gotta be announcers silly
>Scal was never ~~good~~ bad enough to be hated 


I think imma sleep, I'm sick anyway :(
I think he just means the Wolves game, next game after that is Sunday.
Playoff Toronto will choke in the 2nd round. When the rotations shorten, nobody's afraid of sending an all-star against Fred VanVleet.
Brad playing 4-D chess as per usual
Crowd in the paint, bad pass.
That's some evil genius shit. If you told me anyone but Brad is pulling that shit I would them an idiot. 
I mean, even on a minutes restriction he led Boston starters in FG%, Assists, and Steals—just throwing it out there...^I ^might ^have ^an ^irrational ^affection ^for ^Shane
There would be 20 jump balls every game because of both Smarts wrestling over every loose ball.
My bad, but at least there's still time to increase that stat this year!
You right I hate AB too 
Smarf is about that life tho. The real answer to this would be the refs would end the game since they would just get too frustrated with what to call and not call and just give up.
* he lost his sister before the Bull series, you insensitive hater
* in 2016 we would've been swept by Atlanta without him
* 27/7 on 45/46/85 shooting vs Washington, 29/12 in game 7
Please tell me he did at least one Dab Arrow 3.
we won that game imo
Sam Sheehan will be disappointed that posts featuring him and his hot wife did not make the cut.
The article cuts off half way into another article about restaurants. What am I doing wrong?
Very weird
Hope it's nothing serious
Nah. They are resting him obviously because there's a chance it gets worse. That won't change in the playoffs, so i'll ask again, why should we expect him to play every playoff game
There is a chance that any and every injury gets worse, it’s maintenance. Troll harder
I noticed Kyrie looked banged up / gassed at the end of the game Saturday.
im hoping this is just resting against a tanking team. 

#SCARY TERRY QUADRUPLE DOUBLE?
FUCK man I'm so sad. I'm in Chicago and have tickets to tonights game. I was at the game a few months ago and kyrie didn't play (we got SMOKED, it was ugly). I was so excited to see Kyrie live and in person this time, I told myself no WAY I'm that unlucky to have him miss both games in Chicago. I just got my black #11 jersey and everything. All I wanted is to see those handles live.... Damn

I mean at the end of the day I'd rather him get rest and be 100% for the playoffs, but still... fuck.
It's about to get SCARY!!!
Scary Terry
Buys tickets to both Celts games in Chicago, Kyrie sits out both :'(
Hate this "sorenesx"/rest bullshit
I am in the exact same boat. This blows!!! Why do you hate us Kyrie :(
Here’s to hoping we get a god tier Scary Terry game
Seems like you're always mad about something
[There is one thing in the NBA that is hard to stop though](http://gph.is/2df1CGb)
im asking why you hate it
he had one clutch 2 min span vs the Pacers.  otherwise he's been woeful to end games.  It's gotten so bad you even see Brad draw plays for Horford, Brown, Terry, and even Smart to take the last shots.  Kyrie does NOT want it in his hands to close the game because it's predictably a dribble dribble dribble, hoist up a fading 3 from the same spot he made his finals shot.  Even LeBron has hit game winners this season.  Without a star to help him, Kyrie is not a great closer.
fuck outta here 
This season is fucking getting to me. I’m creating a report at work, and instead of writing “change orders since 2/13” I wrote “change orders since **3/23**. 
If we need offense badly i d rather rely on Gordon than Marcus to create something 
Sorry, I don't know what you mean?
Oops! Sorry, idk why I switched from "Moose" to Baynes.
All I got was ads and a shitty game recap in the video
Have boobs OR be a small child. 
This is false. 
Edit: Lil' not Lol
some of the replies on that twitter thread are just terrible
Imagine being that obsessed with a player that you hate another player for wanting to be on a different team 
He is awsome in everything he is in. Have you seen insecure?
At this point Jayson has very few moves and it makes him easier to be stripped. His hands will hopefully improve with time. He doesn't have the luxury to exploded by people like Jaylen can so his handles need to be a bit tighter. 
small hands for his size. definitely a little worrisome.
This one and done rule is killing the league! KILLING THE GAME! Geriatrics coming in at 19/20 ffs! Can't even handle the rigors of the game. I'm telling ya, the Rookie Wall wouldn't even be a thing if you got them in during their prime. Let in the teenagers I say! Get them before they hit 16 so they've got time to develop with the *right* type of coaching and S&C coaches..WILL SOMEONE PLEASE THINK OF THE CHILDREN!
His sandwich is disgusting 
Thank you. I've never heard it called that, I thought he was working on a secret sub recipe or something.
He's been bad since the break. Points, Rebounds, Assists are down. Defensive rating has shot up to 114 from 103, Offensive rating dropped to 93 from 116, TS% down to .502

Small sample so it doesn't mean much but I hope he picks it back up because he's been very frustrating lately. I've noticed him grabbing at his lower back a ton lately too, he could have some nagging injury.
If you think that Al is bad based on his stats alone then you’re very clearly not watching the games
I hate the Celtics and their fans but I support this message
They went through all the trouble to do Toy Story themed shoes, but nobody thought to incorporate an "Andy" on the sole of the Woody shoe? WTF?
He had them for the all star game, the ones with the championship years on the laces
Puts much less pressure on Gordon for if he suffers a setback or something 
That ain’t even the whole load tho :(
Poor officiating*
Are you kidding me?  You obviously didn't watch the game because the C's got screwed in the 4th on calls.  Watched the game with a bunch of Spurs and Rockets fans and even they were commenting about how blatantly biased the officiating was in favor of the Rockets.  That being said, we didn't do ourselves any favors and also got outplayed.  Still unsure why Horford didn't call timeout when he was on the ground.  
You don’t understand what ‘blatantly biased’ means. 
Blatantly biased - as in obviously one sided in regards to officiating.  Arbitrarily unfair.  
Unfortunately didn’t play well last night 
Download theScore app and setup 'Start of Game Alerts' so you can know when a game is starting, and then also 'Close Game Alerts', so you can turn on the last 5 minutes if it's a close game.
I prioritize the Celtics. I like hockey but even a shitty Celtics game will take precedence over a Bruins marquee match up.

Sometimes you just gotta accept the schedules will conflict and you have to choose.
damn what a game. The NBA needs something new... LeBron is boring now
i am absolutely shocked that jokic is mentioned in this post at all
That's stupid 
AL would have to go for AD. And that is not that stupid at all.
Fuck Houston
I’m looking for Terry and Moose to get something going in the playoffs. Those two can seriously make our bunch scary.
The tech on Morris was weak too, unless he said something really egregious, but the other guy (don't remember who) didn't even react, so it couldn't have been that bad. 
What’s with the Kelly hate? That literally NEVER happened. Kelly stops shooting when he’s cold. 
That lineup is 32-1 together and we had them beat for 46 minutes. Definitely frustrating, but encouraging
I don't hate the Rockets, I hate that the refs give them preferential treatment but Harden isn't calling those fouls himself.
Think it musta just been a hamstring cramp. I was so terrified when the cut to him down holding his knee, but obviously it wasn't that bad.

It's easy to forget how totally crippling a nasty cramp can be while it's happening. So painful; can't move at all. Then it's just gone.
Rozier never has bad games these days
yeah why the fuck is marcus the one chucking the game winner again tho, i feel like its always him
Harden is a selfish bitch. It's nice to have an adversary to hate. Too bad the refs are on his tip.
We got very sloppy with the ball in the final two minutes
Sounds like you're doing an awful lot of crying and excuse making
Maybe in Miami, for us he took on average 6 3s a game
I surely hope so, that type of play is just so annoying and tedious to watch
I rely on memory, not stats. Stats tell you jack shit. Memory tells me I've gotten tired of him shooting and missing and couldn't wait for him to leave.
What do you mean by “tips?”
Wow. A lot of stupid comments in this thread smh
Dude look at the past month, his statline has been a joke and there's no reason someone can't vent about it. He played like crap when we needed him and I'm sick of excuses being made. 
He shot like 60+% TS in Feb. Wtf are you talking about?
So what is there to build on from this game? What did we do that is sustainable
As if that's the only indicator that a guy is good or not. Ignore he can't even post up a guard, gets his ass whipped in the paint by Julius Randle, constantly gets bullied, and has completely lost his aggressiveness from the beginning of the yr. He's had a bad stretch. Forget when i said "month" just look at his last 10 games. Terrible. And that's what i mean, he's had a bad stretch. Everyones gonna manipulate the argument however they want bc god forbid anyone gets criticised here. 
It's frustrating watching him fail to back down a point guard then throw up a shitty hook that bricks or fail to attack the glass and watch them get another offensive rebound, then have people say "that's just not his game" like it's acceptable from any big man, let alone a max contract center.
that we're the worst team ever and not worth watching, obviously
So basically what you're saying is a game where Mook, Moose and Rozier all go off is sustainable correct? Because it's clearly not. I'm more concerned with the fact that we had no idea how to close out to Eric Gordon and that our pick and roll coverage was mostly terrible and Ariza got a lot of open looks. 
if smart made that shot i would have nutted a gallon

also shout out to that kid for being annoying as hell
FUCK. THAT WAS SO CLOSE TO GOING IN.
Rockets took 49 fucking threes.

Forty. Nine.
This team can hang with Warriors and Rockets.  Both of those teams would be scared as fuck to see us in the Finals
Those turnovers late in the 4th and the no call on Horford really killed us... So sad, but no time to complain... Up to the next! Go C's!!
Refball.

I dont even fucking care, tell me that I'm using refs as an excuse but this was fucking outrageous.

We outplayed Rockets in the every aspect of the game and refs decided it when it was close.

Fuck off NBA.
Look, refs were super soft that game. Brad tech wasn’t a tech, Marcus Tech wasn’t a tech and neither was Jaylen Brown tech wasn’t a tech. Refs still got calls wrong tho on the rockets behalf. Refs just fucking sucked but 3 quarters sucking>1 
That game was annoying as all fucking hell.
FUCK THE REFS
Fuck these NBA refs.
Refs fucked us
Not even mad about that shot from Marcus
Did anyone else unfortunately hear that screaming kid in the background. 
GG Boston hell of a game 
The good: 

This felt like a playoff game, and we rose to meet the challenge (something I was worried about since that CLE and TOR blowout loss)

Our bench.

Moose.

We almost won, despite Kyrie having arguably his worst game of the season (just had like... zero impact out there)

The bad:

The officiating.

Could never seem to get that defensive stop to seal the game.

Turnovers! (Passing so sloppy)

Tough one, but given the horrible officiating, I'll take a moral victory in how hard we competed.
I hate smart, but that wasn't his fault. It actually almost went in and fuck anyone saying we didn't olay well tonight. These are the fucking rockets 
one of the worst officiated game of the year
Fuck a whip, whip

Fuck a Nene, Nene
I didn't realize just how much I hate that team but damn they are loatheable
bad rebounding at the end did them in. oh well. meaningless in the long run.
Can someone give me an official ruling on when Terry got stripped late in the game? There were two people around him and I saw some people saying he was fouled and some where saying he wasn't.
I wish that was Terry :(


This game has made me want to root for the Warriors if they get in a series with the Rockets. 
At least it was an evenly officiated game 
No timeout when Horford was on the floor? What a terrible job by the refs.
fuck that kid

I hope he gets polio
Big Game Al stepping up once again. 10/6/3 on 4/12 with 3 turnovers and a team worst -22. This is why we pay him the big bucks.
Harden and Ariza had cold shooting nights. It shouldn't have been that close. We are not on their level despite the score. BTW...thanks Jaylen smdh
Horford was terrible this game. I remember a couple times he didn’t even attempt to defend harden as he was going in for a layup
Worst loss of the season. Fucking choked it.
Agreed. That was a very bad call to have Al replace Monroe at the 4th quarter.
Al had -22 yeesh. I think this was Als worst game of the season.
Reminds me of that Ref are you an idiot rant by a kid at the Garden.
Seriously. How does a production the size of a nationally broadcast NBA game not get that kid away from the mic? 
He had a few that rattled out tonight. Bad time to have an off night
That rolling late TO by Horford was the nail in the coffin..

Honestly tho why did we start running the offense through Al at the end when he was playing his worst game of the season. 
That was the play of the game, I knew it to, he hits that Boston wins. This was arguably Kyries worst game of the season so far. 
Kyrie was broken after that.  He wanted to get the ball out of his hands so badly he gave it to Ariza (and DIDN'T FOUL), signalled for Horford to shoot a 3, and then threw it up to TRoz to do something.  his leadership was abysmmal. 
like i’ve been saying all year, kyrie is overrated af, literally lost us the game. But holy cow Marcus almost hit that shot!!!!!
Our starters +/- tonight.

JB : -10
JT : 0
AL: -22
Kyrie: -17
Baynes: -9

We can never win a game with our starters playing like that.

Why? Because he's cheering for his team?

Edit: apparently hit reply to the wrong comment. Was meant for the person saying the kid should be smacked.
These hack job officials need to be fucking punished.
I actually cannot fucking wait for Warriors to stomp on this shitty fraud team.
Damn this thread is sad af
“Jesus was hated too” 
He called for a timeout after falling in that rebound and didn’t get it, so he panicked a bit and lost it. Soft fouls and dumb refs fucked us tonight. 
Sorry for your loss bud. May your uncle rest in peace, fuck cancer.
Jesus Christ man, I’m so sorry. That’s terrible.
This seems like a weird thing to say. But sorry if it's true 
I'm so sorry for your loss. :(
Sorry bro. My condolences.
Fuck cancer man. RIP to your uncle
Sport subs are pathetic with the overreaction to losing a game. Al played bad Kyrie played bad shit it happens we are still a great team. 
Coach Brad lost us this game with his blind faith in Kyrie/Al
Cuz he usually misses
Why would you be mad about a designed play? 
This was a statement game for the bench.
Why do you hate Smart? Like I'm not high on him but I don't hate him.
Harden and CP3 are so unlikeable that I'd rather root for the warriors to sweep the fuck out of them
Can't blame refs for bad d at times, terrible rebounding and poor shot selection at times
I get the analogy, but I remember seeing one of vins games years ago and it was sad AF.
Fucking ghost of FDR is gonna haunt your life.
What?

Kyrie & Al were cold tonight too.

It balances out.
I mean it makes sense that it would take him a bit to get acclimated
Couldn’t hang onto the ball all night. Felt like if they weren’t getting an offensive board then they were stripping us after a board or we’d force a turnover after a board with an unnecessary outlet pass.

Just butterfingers all night. Frustrating.
Seriously. Why was horford in there over Monroe when Al was ice cold?!
YES.  he destroys bad teams, but he's 50/50 in big games.   He's a shell of a closer he was with the Cavs, and that's because he doesn't have a bball GOAT handling it 50% of the time.
Yea Kyrie played bad but he shot 70% last game and scored 34.
Most boring superstar in the NBA
Harden even choked in this game, in late game situations, force it in Hardens hand
Fuck off.
Sorry to hear that bro. Let me know if you need to talk to anyone cause I feel what you’re going through.
I'm very disappointed by, not only the loss, but the way we lost. That being said, I still have respect for the Rockets, where or not I agree with all the refs calls tonight...
You mad?
He did call a time out though. He and Brad both did. They were ignored by officials, who should have been expecting it and paying attention. I hate leaning on bad officiating because it feels like a cop-out, but we absolutely got screwed over tonight. 
SO GD ANNOYING. THESE DUDES ARE HUMAN IT HAPPENS GET OVER IT
Come on man he had like two game winners this season. Dont count a man out like that. He had a bad game. 
Sissy boy! Def lepard sucks!
Can blame them for those horrible one way calls though 
I know but they were so fucking bad
Yup. Sometimes you gotta vent and say it man, he's been terrible lately. Everyone is gonna come to his defense and freak out but it's true. If he was in any other uniform wed want nothing to do with his contract. 
Yeah, I thought so too but I couldn't even get a bloody replay to confirm...
Horford had such a bad night, that turnover then a missed 3 then another missed shot. 
He wasnt even playing badly, his interior shots just werent falling. It sucks that that will happen sometimes, but it doesnt mean you should go away from it. He was getting high percentage shots
too bad Kyrie's an even bigger choker without LeBron to carry him.
Just seems pretty inconsiderate to compare your uncle's death to the work performance of someone who's referring something that's ultimately a silly, meaningless game.
and then he threw it away 

he should have held onto it and then keep calling for it or at least take it to jumpball instead of passing to the rockets
And he missed a gimme layup the game before. 1-2
The three was wide, wide open :'(
bad teams.  and yes, Pacers are a bad team.  Him hitting those shots then was miraculous because he sucked balls up to the last 2 min.  Kyrie has choked in EVERY game this season when we needed to tie a game.  Especially in big games.
In which case he still deserves downvotes, that kid is annoying as hell
Oh that hurt so bad
Horrible bball iq. Looks like he lost his cool and just threw it away. Dude had a horrible game
I don’t disagree with any of this. But those calls were atrocious, granted I don’t watch every Rockets game but if it’s like that even 41x a year that’s fucking absurd. Jaylen had 1 foul, yet somehow he plus Technicals added to 8? I understand the principal of not blaming the referees and taking accountability, but this was truly some next level shit 
problem is Kyrie has had multiple games this year where he claims ownership of the bad loss and expresses a desire to learn from them.  He never does though.  Kyrie is the king of rambling sentences and empty words.
No it's not bud it's one game and he gave nothing on offense and was his terrible self on defense.  Al at least plays defense when his shot isn't falling.
You literally made a joke about officiating and compared it to a disease that killed your uncle last night. Sorry for your loss I guess we handle grief differently 
Ariza scored 8 straight points. 2 fuck you 3s and a lay up fucked us.
The one where he threw it away or..? 

What do you mean?
Luc Mbah A Moute? PJ tucker? Ariza? CP3 FUCKING DEFENSIVE PLAYER OF THE YEAR, jesus christ you are truly dumb and biased, cya bro, gl in the east, hopefully you get to the finals and we meet you there, and beat you. 
Kobe type shot. I remember him hitting a nasty high arc fade over Ray Allen in the 2010 finals
My man Monroe getting it done at the stripe. TRo doin what he do. Hell of a way to finish out an annoying quarter.
Terry Rozier has actually become fucking scary all memes aside
#THAT KID WAS SO GODDAMN ANNOYING
God I hate watching Harden so much.
Harden's fishing so hard for fouls 
#OFFENSIVE FUCKING REBOUNDS ALWAYS LEAD TO THREES GOD FUCKING DAMN IT
This game is fucking nerveracking
Al calls time and they ignore it this game was rigged.
I ain’t no Horford hater but goddamn he’s been useless tonight
Hell yeah.... starters played like crap and we’re up 6 at the half.  I’ll take it.
This 4th quarter is about to be crazy
Horford is going to hit a 3 and everyone here is going to feel dumb 
Also this little girl behind the ABC camera is annoying as hell
The two ridiculous techs cost them
I can’t handle the game threads when they are this negative. Y’all are acting like we are playing the worst game of our life and this team isn’t even making the playoffs. Like wtf. We’re a great team and this is a fun game. Stop overreacting.
No sport should allow teams to benefit from fouling on purpose. This is stupid.
#pisses me off how a bad call could totally ruin jaylens groove 
Monroe our leading scorer

wtf is going on
Mook is in fucking Kobe mode
That no call fucking sucks
terry got absolutely fucking mauled under the basket. literally looked like an intentional foul. fuck basketball why do i watch this sport
Honestly fuck everyone who isn't us
KYRIES IMPOSSIBLE PLAYS GET ME HYPE
Fuck off refs
Dad brad did nothing wrong
FUCKING PUNCH AN OFFICIAL ALREADY BRAD THEY'RE GONNA EJECT YOU EITHER WAY
I want Monroe to take all of Al's shots in the paint in the 4th. He's so fucking efficient 
Shut the fuck up JVG
Morris and Monroe are fucking gods.
MOOOOOK IS ON FUCKING FIRE
Morris and Monroe today are showing why we brought them in.

FUCK THE HATERS
Morris is a bad motherfucker tonight. C'S UP BOIS LETS CLOSE IT OUT
That little kid can fuck off
Holy shit IMAGINE! That was so close.
fuck james harden, fuck the rockets 
This isn’t a Baynes type of game. Have to play small with Al @ the 5
Rockets be like "how in the fuck did we lose the quarter".
I put my Scary Terry tee on and the madman immediately drops a three.
Rockets players complaining about calls is like Bill Gates complaining about being poor
#HOLY SHIT AND 1 FROM BEHIND THE BACKBOARD
#MARK JACKSON IS A FUCKING DIPSHIT
Shut the fuck up, Harden.
Irvings defense on Ariza has been horrific
Jesus these refs need to be kicked out of the league.. Absoultely fucking ridiculous
Two uncontested 3’s, two offensive rebounds, uncontested layup. 

#PATHETIC EFFORT.
Rebounds are disgraceful wtf
I don’t believe that Horford is anywhere near as bad as the comments in this thread are telling me.
WHY DOES TERRY GET FUCKING RAPED BUT NO CALL 
THAT WAS A FUCKING FOUL FUCK THIS 
How we gonna be this sloppy with the ball in the final 2 minutes
The fuck al
what the fuck is going on, why are we just handing them the ball over and over and over, first marcus forces a terrible pass to kyrie, then rozier can’t secure the rebound and gives it up to cp3, then kyrie with his 4th forced pass of the game, we should have sealed this away multiple times and now there goes the lead...
Brutal. If Kyrie was on his game this is so different.
Horrible game but hate the Horford hate more.
Off Tucker. Scary Terry for the tie
Can that fucking kid shut the hell up
fouling like this at the end needs to be addressed forcing players to miss and not giving them 3 or something is stupid and slows the game down
How was that not a delay of game violation in harden ?
gReG mOnRoE wAs a tErRiBLe sigNiNg
Im sorry but these refs need looked at, I get the celtics got some shit calls but my god did the rockets get their dicks VACUUMED 
I'm going to have to mute this damn game. This announcing is terrible. 4 straight minutes of kissing the Rockets' ass.
That was scary af 
Scary Terry man
#COULD THEY CALL THE FUCKING GAME
Fuck the rockets
The fuck was Morris even doing there?
Horford got fouled like crazy..

Anytime Ky loses his dribble your fucked
I hate Harden, but holy hell is he filthy.
LMAOOO wtf
We got ourselves a game
Hard not to root for Capela, but those motherfuckers gonna have to lay down tonight.
Not ideal
im actually so fucking done with the refs
Annnnd.... The refs have entered the game.
These refs are cunts. I fucking despise them with every fiber of my being.
The fuck does Kyrie need to do to get a call
Too bad Kyrie Irving isn't James Harden, they would've given him that foul
These refs are fucking atrocious. This needs to be addressed.
Celtics players getting visibly frustrated at the no calls 
refs have money on the game 
GAME OVER GREGGY MAKING THE DIFFERENCE
Greg Monroe has stolen my heart this game 
That was scary as fuck for ten seconds.
Thank fuck he stood up and walked. I was freaking out there
The defense on Gordon is pathetic

In Harden's eye. Brutal.
Feels like a playoff game
Ball not bouncing our way :(
WOW. HOLD ON TO THE FUCKING BALL
Anyone gonna help Terry on that board? WTF
#HORFORD WHAT THE FUCK
Fucked by the officials again!
WTF ARE THESE REFS DOING?!
Fuck these officials. What a fucking joke.
he CALLED FUCKING TIME OUT 

Al Horford couldn’t have a worse game 
Refs decided this game. 
STFU KID, IM ANGRY AF
Had the game, couldn't finish. Bummer.
Even if Horford isnt getting the timeout called, you dont fucking throw the ball away, your fucking 6'10 use that muscle.
That's a foul, fuck that. He grabbed his arm
some annoying as fuck kid next to the crowd mic going AHHAHAHAHAHHHHHHH
kyrie hasnt hit a game winner/tier as a celtic lets see if he can now
I've ~~watched~~ years of my life watching this game.

Edit: *lost*

I'm so distraught I can't type correctly.
Rockets players going apeshit running after the refs after they called Boston ball. No T? How shocking 
We need a scenario like the pacers game at this point...
Vell my Celtics sisters and brothers...

 "Evil is always possible. And goodness is eternally difficult."
OH my fucking god I would have exploded if that went in
HE LITERALLY CALLED TIME OUT FUCK THIS
Kyrie and Horford lost this game
This game was rigged as hell
harden is so boring to watch 
#FUCK JAMES HARDEN WITH THAT 
Ha fuck you Harden
I am extremely hyped for tonights game

Hyped for this game
Bruh I’m convinced the ball has been soaked in Harden’s tears from last game cause there’s been some sloppy ball handling on both sides
Mark Jackson wants to gargle JVG's balls so bad
Why does every Celtics game turn into a Dwayne Casey slurp-fest? 
BRAD STEVENS IS COTY FUCK OFF
Got down voted on the main r/nba thread for pointing out we got the trifecta of stupid with Breen, Jackson and Van Gundy. I appreciate them proving my point by forgetting there's a game going on.
games like these need to be reffed like a playoff game wtf are they doing with these small calls 
Holy moly, Kyrie, that was filthy
I’m fucking tired of Van Gundy. About to put this game on mute

I hate Harden so much.
Harden always fucking whines but never gets any techs 
God I hate ESPN so much!
I hate Harden so fucking much
I can’t fucking stand Harden 
Marc Jackson is a fucking joke.
I hate Harden. If the entire NBA got the calls he gets, I'd quit watching the league. 
Fuck this nerd

http://beardstyle.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/James-Harden-Without-Beard-42.jpg
Bandwagon Rockets fans are the worst man. Zero southern hospitality, all of ignorance
#james harden is a fucking disgrace to the game with his foul bullshit
Kyrie been a bit cold today. That last tech on Jaylen was horseshit. 
CALL A FUCKING TECH ON HARDEN
Refs just tryin to hand the Rockets this game 
#Just put on a fucking rockets Jersey already refs!
A fucking tech on Brad now? WHAT THE FUCKING SHIT IS THIS FUCKING SHIT FUCK YOU REFS!
STOP GIVING TECHNICALS FOR PEOPLE BEING "MEAN" TO EACH OTHER
I can't wait for this fucking game to be over so I can not be angry anymore
End of quarter situation has gotta mean Terry gets the shot 
Is Monroe hurt or did he just hit a mean stanky leg
Jesus Christ that was terrifying 
This game is nuts.
And to think I use to hate Morris... Guy developed a clutch Gene this season
Our bench is making me so hard rn
MOOK! FUCK! MAX CONTRACT!
GRAB THE FUCKING BALL
You've gotta be fucking kidding me.
That "Steal" is a fucking penalty. How are you allowed to fucking rape a guy and not get called. These refs deserve to get their teeth knocked out.
Where the fuck is Greg Monroe?
Horford got fucking fouled on the offensive rebound 
FUCK OFF REFS
These fucking refs
It isn't tough, it's off Tucker.
Tough call? You guys fucking blind???
FUCK THE ROCKETS
Rozier game tying three.
FUCK THE REFS
A game that they should have won, but threw away.
Why didn't Brad call a timeout during the run?
Harden is a fucking bitch 
Houston is so boring
This reffing is making me so damn mad
Refs game in my opinion 
You know i hate the warriors a lot. I mean A LOT.  But if they beat the rockets i wouldn't be mad
Think we can all agree - fuck the Rockets.
THIS FUCKING MUSIC IS SO ANNOYING
Oh god they're going to talk about the Rockets' hunger all fucking game aren't they?
Sloppy turn overs man 
God damnit I hate JVG and mark
Fuck Harden, what do you want Jaylen to do there?
THERE YOU FUCKING GO BROWN RUN EM OFF THE 3Pt LINE, MAKE EM EARN IT
Gotta admit NeNe has the nicest locks in the league (worst goes to Elfrid).
Scary muthafuckin Terry boys
Rozier is making me so fucking moist 
When you go to Reddit to check out some talk about the game cuz the announcers aren't doing it and everyone is talking about the announcers
Get fucking stuffed
He fucking grabbed him
Watching Harden in late shot clock situations is cancer. He knows exactly how to force the refs to make a bad call.
Harden is the worst super star to watch II don't like hearing whistles every possession
Fuck JVG and Harden. 
How the fuck does Kyrie do that shit
I FUCKING HATE HARDEN SO MUCH
SCARY T FOR THREEEEE
Lmaoooooo the fucking missed Capela dunk
NO WAY WTF
Playing the refs and the rockets is almost impossible.  We need to go off fuck the nba
Shut the fuck up Marc Jackson.
HE THREW JAYLEN WTF
So uh fuck James harden
Damn I wanted Jaylen to make that.. but at least Baynes was there to convert
Fucking embarrassing refereeing
Angry Jaylen about to murder a man on his next chance
About fucking time they called one on PJ Tucker's fouling ass. 
Harden is sooooooo fucking obnoxious 
Harden will never be my MVP with the way he plays the game
[Went to check /r/nba game thread for a bit, what the fuck is this Raptors fan on about](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/81u9nv/game_thread_boston_celtics_4419_houston_rockets/dv5e2wj/)
There announcer is fucking annoying he announces like hes talking to slow people 
What the hell was that crap?
Fuck me. Grow a pair of balls, NBA.
These officials are fucking awful. This is a disgrace to the league.
FUCK THEM UP BRAD TELL EM WHY U MAD
This is a fucking circus. Is this this real? Adam Silver fix your fucking house.
This is fucking bullshit, how do you get away with this shit on national tv
What a fucking joke
These awful refs are out of control
Where the fuck is Terry brad 
FUCK THE REFS 
I know it's cliche to say this, but I really mean it because I'm not one to say this, but man are the refs so garbage it's affecting us... hopefully not the result of this game.
Send these idiot refs back to the fucking G-league.
Nene with four steps this is just laughable 
This is the type of game that could be decided by a Mahcus Smaht 3
Someone on the celtics needs to rip the refs after the game
Oh God, my fucking heart
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE STAFF?
Fuckity fuck fuck fuck
holy shit how annoying is the rockets pa guy
FUCKING GUARD GORDON
#get that dude off the fucking PA
Morris with the fuck you 3
the marcus morris game?!?!?
MARCUS MORRIS YOU BAD MAN
#THIS GAME IS ABOUT STOPS NOW. THATS IT.
FUCK YEAH MARCUS MORRIS
LET'S FUCKING GO
i know they called a foul for horford but cmon al get in the game
Didn't Tatum get pushed at the end? Wtf
TOO SCARY
Scary Terry Bitch!
wtf is Al doing 
game is on kyrie if we lose now
HOW THE FUCK IS THAT NOT A FOUL JFCCCCCCCCCCCCC
pathetic turnovers 
Thats a fucking walk by Ariza, what a joke 
Not a good look for Kyrie here
What the fucking hell.
come the fuck on kyrie what the fuck is this
I really fucking hate turnovers 
Those stupid ass technicals gonna come back and haunt us
This has been horrible down the stretch. Just don't pick up Harden is transition and give them the ball on the other end.
Man horford has been so bad, can’t even get a rebound 
refs just fucking stopped recognizing fouls. rockets noticed, we didn't.
I dont care if Kyrie is having a shit game he should be taking those shots 100% of the time in these moments
This is a hell of a game! Fuck the Rockets though!
Just everything went wrong the last 4 minutes.  Unbelievable.
This fucking sucks
I feel annoyed 
FUCK
Fuck the NBA but go Celtics 
Kyrie has thrown like 3 bad passes so far not good
HORFORD WHAT THE FUCK
Time for Kyrie to redeem himself for this subhuman game he's had. 
I want a Horford or Kyrie 3, just to spite all the people spewing hate on this thread
What a referee screwjob. Fuck this.
Refs were kinda trash this game tbh. 
Fuck harden 
i want to fucking kill that kid shouting in the background oh my gahd
SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT AL YOU WERE ALL SUCKING HIS DICK LIKE 3 WEEKS AGO WHEN HE HIT THE GAME WINNER AGAINST PORTLAND
Kyrie has now fucked it up twice. FFS.
Damn bro what a fucking choke
Al missing a wide open 3 and turning the ball over for 0 fucking reason really fucked us in the final minute.  Shocking stuff from Al whose normally sharp, but that turnover is something I expect from fucking Mark Blount.
Those 2 bullshit technicals fucked us from the refs. 
Horford did nothing all game and in the end threw the game away.
Is "we will rock you" the worst song in the world or what
God I wish I had scal and Mike for this game. Jackson sucks van Gundy sucks, they don't even talk about the game. 
This game will be rough, lets go Celtics!
God I hate the way Harden plays
Tatum getting learnt by Paul...

Someday, the shoe will be on the other foot for some poor rookie trying to defend Tatum.
Offensive rebounds. Just fuck my shit up.
Very sloppy so far
This commentating is disgusting
Fuck off that was a charge by Harden
Refs are ass every fucking game
C’MON LET’S GO CELTICS! Slow it down and work your spots. Let’s make it rain.
SCARY TERRY FIRIN IT UP
Extremely scary Terry 
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO, people gonna stop sleeping on us after tonight, I promise that 
Scary fucking terry 
Scary fucking pullup!
Call the game man🙄
Bench comes in, 0 drop off. Everyone on their A game lately.
Foul my dick! Fuck you mark jackson
Morris looks cold from that corner. Wrap yourself in a blanket Mook.
It’s just so laughable.

Be harden, get ball, flail, get foul.
Harden gets every fucking call.
They called a foul, these refs are fucking SUCKERS
harden just runs into you, throws his arms up and gets the whistle...totally ridiculous.
How the fuck do you have the balls to complain to the ref as they give you that bullshit call?
jesus fucking christ that was disgusting Kyrie!!!!
disgusting
You can't show that on tv. Disgusting.
Kyrie's handles are just filthy. 
Horford is really bad with the ball on offense 
Harden's beard is silly to me.
Harden is such an annoying player holy shit
Kyrie has arguably been our worst player tonight 
Dude fuck these announcers
Wtf was the last minute and a half of basketball
how the fuck was that a foul on Jaylen?!

FUCK THIS
#FUCK HARDEn
Like fucking Christ this is stupid
Wtf how is that on Brown. God I hate Harden's playstyle. 
HE DOESNT SPELL HIS NAME THAT YOU DUMB CUNT MARK
Seriously fuck Harden
About fucking time something went against Harden.
Marcus Morris is stupid.
These refs weak af
Fuck the refs
Oh fuck off zebras
what the fuck is that
That's a weak tech
Fuck you trash refs
the two c's v rockets games are like the two worst officiated games of the season wtf
Shut the fuck up JVG
Why are refs so terrible?
oh mY FUCKING GOD THESE REFS
We're getting fucked by the refs
Rockets getting ref calls..... these T’s are ridiculous 
guys wtf is d'antoni's accent
Tough SOB
Just a cramp false alarm 

FUCK NO!
"chris paul fakes the pass" i think u mean "carries the ball"
This game is giving me a heart attack. And im 26
Holy shit that PA announcer on that Chris Paul three was annoying as all hell
WHAT IS This GAME
Burning calories watching this game.
FUCK OFF GORDON
This game is fuckin lit 
MORRIS GAME!
Mooook is fucking feasting tonight
Marcus fucking morris
Once again fucking MORISSSSS!!!!!
Holy shit this game
I bet if Harden hadn't thrown his head back in an overly dramatic fashion he would have made that layup
WHAT A FUCKING GAME
MARCUS MORRIS IS THE MOTHER FUCKING GOAT!!!!
FUCK ME
R u serious refs
Holy guacamole, this game man!
I know they’re tired but we HAVE to stop just watching these rebounds 
Scary Terry 
What a surprise, a weak ass call against Harden.
These threes are ridiculous.  
Why is Al so lazy at contesting shots today
FUCK
This defense is ridiculous
Fuck
What the fuck is happening
Just don't be lazy with the ball. Seriously.
What a fucking choke
Kyrie has played like shit all game 
Can't believe we've given them lazy passes and allowed them to rip the ball away from us when we had the lead with under 3 minutes to go. So fucking pissed rn
Fuck me horf trash tonight
Are you fucking kidding me Al 
Brad needs to do something dramatic. Break a clipboard or throw a chair. Make a fucking statement.
Time fucking out.
Refs had to give this game to rockets.   Need to keep the intrigue going.  
GRAB A FUCKING REBOUND YOU FUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4 starters with worse than -15+/-
FUCK CHRIS TUCKER!
I changed my mind. Fuck Breen! I credit him with the 4 turnovers.
Holy fuck I can't watch this

Someone FLOP HARD
Kyrie sucks at missing FT.
Marcus do some Marcus shit!
Fuck that almost went in
Why the fuck did we leave Horford in this game
Shit guys. I forgot Horford can't have one bad game. Definitely not worth the max. Not like he's an all-star or anything...
Terrible announcers. Terrible refs.
WTF HORFORD? WHY DID YOU TAKE THAT!!! Fuck I know it was wide-open...
6 rebound 4/12 3 TO -23 Al Horford dicked on all game on the glass. 
Guys, we just gotta chill and realize we still have a two-way, play-making, all star small forward that didn't even play.
Horford has no idea how to use his size. Small guy on him and he always, always opts for a fall away. -25 on the night too 
Wtf is Baynes' purpose here?
mOrRis SuCKs
This is ridiculous. What should be the must exciting part of the game is instead a slow, boring free throw fest. Make intentional fouls 1 shot and the ball to stop this crap.
Where are the Horford apologists?!?!? FUCKING AWFUL
I thought Monroe said he was going to start playing some fucking defense 
Fuck CP3 and his stupid face 
Al fucking threw this game
I blame the refs and Horford and Kyrie, this game.
Yall wanna blame this on the refs? I guess I forgot to put on my green sunglasses.

In the last few minutes the celtics missed a kyrie layup, smart had a dumb turnover and a bad shot, al horford and the celtics failed to call timeout. Those are the reasons they lost. 

If Morris and Moose hadn't been on fire it would have been worse. 

Also, were still a 2 seed. Chill.
Fuck you horford 
Stop running offense through Horford. He’s terrible with the ball. Let him be a floor spacer. 
And ABC is down as soon as the game is about to start here..smh
Let's go boys. Fuck yeah, JVG. Doublefuck yeah, no Reggie Miller.
Lets fucking go!
WTF. These cork soakers said the game would start at 8pm and it's already 8:39. 
Cmon let’s get this fucking dub! 
Fuck yeah Jayson 
Did mark fucking Jackson just call harden an elite defender? 
Fuck yes Jaylen 
If our gameplan is to outscore the Rockets, then I have bad news for you...
ESPN has CBB on where I am and not this game.
Wtf did Jaylen just goto the locker room or was it someone else 

edit: was Capella
Damn it I hope Jaylen doesn't face foul trouble throughout the game...
DAMN KYRIE FUCK IT UP WITH THE BOUNCE PASS
Greg Monroe in. We’re fucked.
Fuck the nba and their shitty reffing
This reffing is already infuriating
FUCK OFF DANTONI YOU FUCKING PIZZA
Eric Gordon has got a head like a fucking orange.
Fuck yeah Rozier 
Holy Scary Rainbow
Wtf is this Rockets commercial break segment..
What the fuck is this Houston maskot shit? That Cs fan should sue the Rockets
Houston’s making it tough in the post for us tonight. Drive-and-kicks work well though for Jayson. 
wtf?
My friend wouldn't let me put the game on TV cause "the Celtics are gonna get clapped." 👀👀👀
Eric Gordon dribbles weirdly. It's stiff and ugly
Fuck yes Jayson 
Fuck me, the Rockets are boring as fuck to watch....

1.  Give up easy points on defense.
2.  Run 3/4 way down court.
3.  Jack up 3 pointer.
4.  Repeat
wtf
That’s a foul, weak, but a foul
game to 150?
We just fucking saw this Popeyes commercial 
fucking christ this guy gets every call
Is that really a fucking foul
KYRIE HOLY FUCK 
FUCKING KYRIE
Fuck yeah Kyrie 
holy fuck that shot is insane
Does Houston have an INSANE amount of music and sound effects during game play or is it just me?
I hate our post entries when we have another guy in the corner. Cuts down the space considerably
SCARY
Houston video crew is adequately horrible for the screaming announcer
Was that man in a Lakers jersey that says Cavs at a Celtics@Rockets game?
Can some one please link me the scary Terry Pokémon meme? Please!?
Pierce is wearing a TERRIBLE blazer.
Kyrie had a bad 1st half. If he's scoring, we're up to 15+ or something.
Fuck yeah baynes
Baynes was pissed and I saw his anger in that dunk
Blatant fucking offensive foul on Harden. Get outta here.
WTF? how is that a foul on Jaylen
Go fuck yourselves refs.
I fucking hates the rockets nothing likeable about them 
I swear Baynes has the worst touch and the worst hands.

I still love that goofball tho
FUCK, would've been a sick AND 1
Holy fuck I want to go down to Houston and beat these refs 
TAKE CARE OF THE FUCKING BASKETBALL!
I hate Ariza, those Lakers roots man.
#CAN WE FINISH A LAYUP AT THE FUCKING RIMMMMMM
second worst team at scoring at the rim in the league :(
WHAT THAT WAS WEAK
Holy shit Kyrie you are playing bad
We can't guard the 3 because the refs will call some chicken shit bullshit.
I hate these refs
Get angry daddy
This game is rigged
FUCK THESE REFS
JVG says the refs are fed up with the complaining but they don’t give a fuck about the rockets doing it EVERY possession 
These refs are fucking jokes
Smart needs to stop taking these awful shots.
Who's fucking foot did that touch?!?!?!
Oh SHIT!!!!
Another bad take by Smart.
OH FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCKFUCIKFUCK
FUCK
I’m numb
Oh fuck off! Wtf
That’s not good but at least he’s walking
Staying in the game? What?
A non contact injury... Oh fuck
Oh God I almost fainted, I hope he's not just casually shaking off a bad injury
Season fucked 
fuck my heart

Fuck Marcus don’t scare me like that
Van Gundy is the worst
Fuck these 3s man 
Holy fuck 36 three point attempts???
"Chris Paul is complaining" T HIM THE FUCK UP THEN THAT'S HOW IT'S CALLED ON US
Fuck yeah mook 
Terry has such a weird ball handling style. 
Scary Terry 
Fucking hell Gordon
Over the back you blind zebras.
FUCKING ROZIER IS STEPPING UP
Well fuck me
HOW THE FUCK
horrible effort to end the 4th
I hate when Breen's Celtics hate shows
FOR FUCK SAKE I FEEL LIKE IM PLAYING FUCKING 2k
I predict a Kyrie resurg and a round of "I always trusted him!"
This is tough
Well this was too bad. At least the Bs won today
My man Al gonna cost us the game >.<
Kyrie for OT lets fucking go
Our All-Stars have been horrific this quarter. Frustrating when the rest of the team plays so well...
If the refs are going to fuck up something as simple as blowing the whistle for a timeout. Just automate the fucking process.
Confused
Fuck fuck fuck
Al has had a bad stretch of games
bad rebounding in the end
Morris you fucking caveman. Stop.
HORFORD YOU FUCKING IDIOT
I literally cringe every time horfor gets the ball. Looks so awkward with it. Makes such crap decisions
Al Horford man, I hate singling guys out but, WHAT THE HELLLLLL!
SCARY
Again Al makes a bad decision with the ball
Why the fuck do we run Al through the post it never works
These refs are a disgrace. Just trying to hand the Rockets the game on a silver platter
Embarrassing to give the ball away there :/
WELP

ill take the second seed

Craptors will choke to Miami/Bucks anyway.
fuck off with the ref excuse we choked the shit out of this game horford and kyrie and brad for keeping horford in the game
Yeah I hate to say this but this is on Al.
Can't put into words how invisible Horford has been lately
Can Horford make a fucking shot? Holy shit man. Contribute
GG, fuck Horford
You guys get so fucking negative 
I know we need Horford but he is frustrating player. No toughness and terrible with the ball on offense. 
FUCKING AL AGAIN
can horford stop being so fucking trash
Fuck you Horford.
Stop with the bad shots
Brad, please say something to Al. Our OG having a tough night
We can't grab a defensive rebound its crazy
If Al Horford doesn’t fucking take ALL the blame tonight for blowing it tonight, I’m losing it.
Kyrie had nothing this game.
Running atrocious offense. Stop posting up, there isn't a mismatch to go at. 
Get off your knees Al, you’re blowing the game 
I actually hate Marcus Morris I don't care what anybody says
Well, we probably are going to lose. This team is so sloppy tonight. 
Kyrie was being a fucking baby.  some leader.
Never wanted to karate chop a child in the throat so bad.

Nails on a chalk board
Did anybody else feel he hot dogged it and tried to make it harder with the spin?  What a freaking idiot.
He couldn't do it all game
I hate this touchdown commercial extra point commercial crap
Not really lol
Angry Moose!
Sad that I'm not surprised by this
not how it works. Someone can play like crap for 80% of a game and do something well in crunch time but it doesn't make people wrong for pointing out that he was poor beforehand. That's myopic reactionary thinking bruh
We should never lose a game
Seriously. Game threads are so toxic and over-reactionary
Give them a few weeks they will all hate each other yet no one will blame LeBron it's predictable. 
I mean he does have 18(?) but I can see your point
lebron get's hit twice as hard and gets half the calls
Delay of game 
8 on 5 this game is cleary rigged 
OR AT LEAST ATTEMPT TO DO SO
No, no they don't unfortunately 
at least it's not reggie miller
Seriously. 
I was expecting him to just say fuck the ankle and play tonight tbh. 
6’10” dudes shouldn’t be afraid of jump balls
He hit a game tying 3 against the wizards
what did you expect? NBA refs are without a doubt the worst refs in all sports. They are blatantly fixing games.
Scary Terry
It's actually insane how consistently we get fucked by refs. Fuck this.
Cuz he preys on patience and foul calls. It is very boring yes
I don’t really mind breen, I hate Jackson and JVG though 
He ugly
Nuggets are Rozier level scary mate
Remember when they won one game against us and people thought they'd pass us in the standings by the time February was over?
Kyrie four point play, harden gets two techs for bitching, D’Antoni gets a tech for arguing

Ninja edit: Kyrie wasn’t even in the game
Do you mean Moose?
Almost as bad as Lebron 
Yah fuck those pussies
Hopefully he takes his anger out on the officials instead
It's JVG and Mark Jackson, you know they aren't gonna talk about the game at the very least
*HARD
"only bad teams"
fans need to get serious about calling out the refs cause you wont hear it from the commentators.
Raptors fans are morons 
Almost as annoying as the announcers sucking them off. They seemed depressed on  Morris' 3
Fuck AL 
Everybody had bad games
He's been on a bad streak lately
It's been like this all year. Just atrocious officiating 
Neither have I. Fuck allergies. Also Popeyes is NOT seafood
Yeah and all game
bad D by Jason
'Might' is a weird way to spell 'will definitely'
Rest of this game let's not lose our minds
horford has been horrible tn
We haven't had him all year, it's not really a great point to keep making
Like fuck me ABC, you can't tell this bitch to shut up?
I mean if you're talking about the timeout there were lots of people screaming for it and never was granted
Failed to call a timeout becuase the ref ignored the player with the ball calling for one and the coach sprinting to half court screaming to call one. How about the no call on Rozier on the game tying 3? Shit is rigged.
You are gonna be downvoted but he really has been bad with the ball lately.
The game was set to start 8:30 FYI
Al on Capela would be a horrible idea.
I hate Papa John’s too
Their timeout entertainment never makes any sense, it's always absurd
They do that to opposing fans all the time. I remember seeing them do it to a Dubs fan during the Warriors game.
Yeah that's a dirty lineup
The Rockets average over 113 PPG and are only behind GS. This comment is idiotic 
It's why he loses in the playoffs 
Might start it and then get subbed out, but yeah looks like tonight’s a small ball night
it's pathetic
Nasty
Their game cast is a fucking joke
OH SHUT UP HE LITERALLY CALEED TIME OUT AND THEY DIDN'T FUCKING LISTEN TO HIM
Lol shut the fuck up dude. Kyrie has a terrible game. Is he average too?
You're a moron 
Fuck off, he's an all star
We need to rename all our players James Harden so we get an evenly officiated game.
Kyrie lost this gane 100%.  Fucking joke of a leader 
Hope your miserable ass gets banned again asap.
Don't forget Smart and his horrible shot selection, this game was right there to be had.
Stop with the bad comments 
kyrie played bad to and brad was dumb to keep horford in the game
How sad it wasn't a perma ban.
It's a tie game. What a stupid comment to make. Jesus dude how are you not banned.
Not Irving and Horford who played like fucking trash?
You are so fucking annoying. 
Bad troll is bad.
You are tough. 
He deserves to be mad. The refs are giving this game to Houston.
Shut your filthy mouth.
Fuck off bitch 
no its not considered a shot from there or something forgot the rule but it prevents stupid shit like getting a shooting foul when passing the ball or drawing a shooting foul not facing the basket going through your shooting motion
Because I'm pretty stupid 
I’m seriously wondering how does one become a fan of Harden. I get that you are a Rockets fan and you like Harden because he produces, but like how do you become a Harden fan? Why would anyone? And there’s a shitload of them. 
I don’t blame the refs because there are bad calls that go both ways every game but those technicals we got were unnecessary. 
Yeah I know :(
Seriously? I've got a thin grasp of the rules and I've been genuinely surprised when stoppages have happened. Is it just against us or is it throughout the NBA
I know a number of people that swear by it, but the couple times I tried it, the food was some of the worst I'd ever eaten.
I mean that's every night 
thank goodness. it looked bad at first.
Yeah nobody is worse than NBA refs, I know this 
Duh
At least I don't shoot every time I get the ball
Uncle Drew man.  Watch how slow he pushed it up the court.
guess he learned from LeBron to bitch and whine when things get tough.  that way you're not accountable when you lose.
I mean teams like CLE don't need to practice but I guess we can let him use the training wheels
People like seeing big numbers on the stat sheets, that's about it. It's sad
how you do that :(
No I agree my bad
Sorry can't help you there, watching on local tv tonight. Velocityraps is usually my go to when I'm streaming though
Didn't hear it then. Went from Peace of Mind before the break to Ellie Goulding after it. Sorry.
theis been out this game cuz of his hamstring
Next time, try rapidly gobbling my balls instead of trying to prove some false point to me, you gullible mong.
The JB and Morris techs were bogus.  But Brads was precipitated by Kyrie being a fucking baby complaining for the whole previous possession (while they were on offense!) and then chicken winging the ball because he's a pouty bitch.  Brad reacted to the delay of game and refs were too tired from Kyrie's moaning.
That doesn't make it legit. Brad didn't do anything wrong. If they were sick of Kyrie, then T up Kyrie. But that's still bogus because Harden whined fifty times worse about REAL calls rather than terrible ones and got nothing.

All three Technicals against us were called because we didn't have red jerseys on.
I thought I was clever for coming here to say this :(
Losing that game had very little to do with the refs
What about those phantom technical fouls? The ones against Jaylen and Stevens were the difference in the game. The Celts are on the wrong end of calls even at home. Its getting pretty ridiculous. Seriously, when does Jaylen ever complain about fouls? Getting thrown to the floor and then being called for the foul?
We lost by three in a game where they shot three bogus tech FTs. I don't even have to get into all the other trash like he Horford non-timeout, the techs alone prove my point. 
Nah man, let raptors do the dirty work for you
[This fucking sub (STAY WOKE)](https://i.imgur.com/V9bgoPN.jpg)
year usually mean season in NBA terms
There's video of him saying that posted by Forsberg, alas.
Again you don't understand rehab or the injury like mannix for that matter.  Nothing goes wrong he's back opening night.  In you're mind he out for 18 months or some shit so it's pointless talking to you.
Fuck it. Tear it down boys. Rebuild time
Too bad we don't have a set of aging veterans we can trade for several loosely protected/unprotected 1sts....
Don't think it'll happen unless Danny works out a 3 team deal but tbh the narrative would be pretty insane if Jayson jr took the court for us against his dad next year. 

In DAE we trust.
shows the dispartiy between the league and g league... it fails as a developmental league 
The negative comments in this thread encapsulate why an online, anonymous community can be so poisonous. 

Show me on the doll where Jae Crowder hurt you, bitches. 
He had 0 reason to hip check Hayward in the air this year. Was not even playing the ball. Dirty player hope he sticks in the mud.
Nah fuck him. And all millionaires who bitch about business. 
>slicing an apple

No Rose got waived by the Jazz don't you remember?
I mean it’s not like we hated him because of his demeanor on the court. Sure, some of us were annoyed with his lack of defensive effort last year (which could’ve been explained away by injury).

The main reason people hated him is cause he was basically always calling us bad fans because he was hypersensitive. The whole Gordon Hayward cheering thing was massively overblown by him and is just silly considering he was all about our recruitment of KD.

I’m glad he’s doing well now but don’t act like people hated him for dumb or no reasons.
Jae Crowder falls down whenever human contact is made, impossible for him to hurt anyone 
Come on, don't do him like that. Why would you say that? He plays hard and aggressive but not recklessly. It was a freak play.
>i’ll take my downvotes for a stupid opinion

FTFY
Hockey-checked?

Dirty, non-basketball play?

Mediocre at all aspects of basketball? 

Dawg, did Jae fuck your mom or something?
you guys are fucking clowns.
This is such a stupid take.
if it’s a stupid opinion could you explain why it’s stupid? Terry Rozier looks phenomenal, trading kyrie for AD would absolutely make us the number one team in the east, poised to beat the warriors or rockets 
> We haven't built our identity **yet** as a unit. Coaching staff hasn't figured it out **yet**. We don't have set rotations. A lot of guys don't know where we're going to play or what time we're going to play. It's affecting us **a little bit**. We've got to figure it out as a unit, figure it out as a coaching staff. **We** gotta build our identity in who we want to be. **We're a month into the season** and we haven't figured it out.

I'm meant to hate Jae because he said this two years ago? IT said far worse.
Agreed, obviously didn't try to injure him to that extent but it was dirty
we literally just lost this game because of kyrie...
No we lost the game because of stupid turnovers. 
Jeff Teague is a bitch ✔

Jimmy butler is a bitch ✔

Fuck those 2.

Yea i know this isn't the place to put this but if i made a thread about it it would get deleted. 

Teague has always been dirty since he was on the hawks and Jimmy butler calling marcus smart fake tough now running his mouth on Twitter.. he can kiss my ass
Giannis too, but something crazy would have to happen to make him request a trade. There's absolutely no reason to think he'd ever be available.

I think him and Kylie would be filthy together though
Scary thought. 
Ive used up all my brad minutes this month though:(
I fucking hate JJ for the shit he and his agent pulled on the C's.  That's why this annoys the shit out of me!  
True, I absolutely hated him at the time too!
I'm so hype for this game.
This is some bitchmade shit. I'm actually mad he's an MVP candidate. He's emotionally weak and I'll laugh my ass off if he and Chris implode in the playoffs
This is what I'm afraid of.
so every Rockets game?
I’m hard
I've become so used to seeing him with a hat on its weird to see him without it.
^^fuckthemods

Edit: Sorry mods
That day Jul 4th was INSANE something I’ll never forget.
But it feels like it JUST started :(
I was very drunk throughout that whole debacle. 

There was a lot of yelling. 
I wanna say it’s the TatumBetterFultz guy, but I’m not sure 
Aint nothing wrong with WANTING that man back gor playoffs. IDGAF if he can only play 8 mins a game
F5 season is a brutal one
Wasn't asking about their team? I was asking about our team. I guess if my post seemed a little vague that's why I was told their injuries as well. 
Fuck me for wanting to socialize with my fucking boston boys :(.
I hate when people on reddit say "you can't just google it?" The whole point is to both ask a question and have discussions. That's why we're all here. 
: please fuck off already grandpa. Irrelevant! 
Of course, I was just referring to this specific game because I remembered reading or watching something about the game that mentioned there was no footage of it. 
that awful home stretch a few weeks ago where we lost to the Pelicans, the Sixers, and the Magic was what led to this. shouldn't have lost any of those games. 
...and lost :(
He can appeal but if he loses the company can file a lawsuit against him which he doesn’t want to do.
I ASKED THAT LAST QUESTION! HIGHLIGHT OF MY MOTHER FUCKING LIFE
Hahaha. Mad props, we have to get him to do an ama!
i hear your point, but with that follow up you are implying that his speaking skills are that bad and the equivalent of a player not even knowing where the basket is, which is disrespectful and unwarranted in my opinion. 
I was illustrating a point, hyperbole is usually used that way.
Having said that, I was  not referencing his speaking skills, but rather his argumentative skills, which I think are not particularly good at all.
No. Roziers been on fire lately. 


Tbh i’d like to see him sign with Chicago for the rest of the season and retire like Wade and Miami
Why would we want Rose? He’s stupid, not talented, injury prone, and *really* stupid. He’s a fucking distraction. “Excuse me, let me take a month off midseason and decide whether basketball’s right for me.” Fuck outta here.
The overreaction to James harden breaking a role players ankle is so annoying.  We've seen million of ankle breakers that wasn't that different.  When he does nothing against the Celtics and Marcus people won't be talking about a stupid ankle breaker.
man some of y'all on this sub are salty as fuck for no reason.  can't let any guy besides the Celtics get recognition.
It was different because he stopped playing, stared him down, then hit a 3.

I hate him, but thats why.
Absolutely fucking not. 
He's like a poor man's Gerald Green. bad/mediocre 3p% and literally doesn't pass. We already have iso scorers off the bench to create some offense.
That bad, huh? 
Anyone else hard?
I hate it but everyone we got rid of had a bad year. IT and Jae got fucked in CLE. Everyone traded twice. At least jerebko and maple dick are happy
He wasn't a detriment, he was a zero sum. Our defense couldn't do the game plan we do now with him here. 
So why did we always play worse  on defense with him?
What the fuck
Fuck yeah dude come through. You have half of Massachusetts on your roster, you're part of the fam
It’s St Paddy’s day!!! Why do Americans get this wrong! 

Patty is short for Patricia. A girls name. 

Depends on if the mods are tripping or not, honestly. Just go ahead and submit the picture as a post though. You named your daughter after our franchise player. That’s post-worthy.
I wish Jaylen would quit dribbling and stick to politics! 

Wait....I mean...

Wait, I said what I mean. 
I want a Brown jersey so bad but they second I buy memorabilia for a player it may as well be a kiss of Death so I unfortunately have to wait 15 or so years. Generic Celtic’s T-Shirts until then
I don’t think he’s playing this year but this is a weird comment from mannix. Why does he think he can estimate a player’s return time by taking a look at their injury himself mid rehab. He’s not even close to being qualified for that 
YouTube: "Oh shit now we really fucked up"
does someone mind recording it? ill be there in person but i want to use his talk as a source for a paper im writing
I agree it's extremely unlikely, but if we strike out on in UFA then he's a player we could look at.
The comment didn't say anything about him getting that from another team, it just said 5/60 in terms of his projected contract. You're wrong about the max length being 4 years, and it could be debated if he would get that from us. 
You're wrong. 
I hate to disappoint, but I think we ran out of gas
Play him hard so he gets into shape. He’s listed at 260lbs... does anyone believe that?
He's just fleecing all of us like he does to other GMs and in 1 month we'll get the notification saying Hayward is active for tonight's game 
That's what they want you to think. Secretly he's throwing down triple reverse between the leg windmills in practice. 
Looking at Dwight’s lack of rebounds is a bad way of seeing Baynes’ contributions last night, unless it is framed that your opponent can’t rebound if you don’t miss. 
Thank you for your work. It doesn't go unnoticed, and these threads are a silver lining when I miss a game 
Yo that fucking blocked floater that was caught and made into a fadeaway shot was ridiculous

Aipex Software is now on my shit list. Fuck those guys (and girls.)

I mean, there's a chance their just serving, as a quick google brings up a law firm specializing in patent stuff, but I still hate them.
Wait, how exactly is it their content to claim? They seem to be some random company from India that files random claims. I would definitely fight this and at least try to get your videos backed up before they disappear. 
My guess is getting suckers to settle for a sum of money, but I'm not really sure.  If the NBA themselves aren't behind the takedowns, then I don't see any legitimate claim.
Must be dirty lakers fans 
Or why YouTube would listen to a random complaint from an Indian company. They seems to be in internal shambles. 
Real game is Saturday.  It’ll be a measuring stick.  Go Celtics!!
If the game was closer, Kyrie 100% would of went for 50, that dude couldn't miss 
This game...
fuck the lakers?
I just remember that in the 2010 finals he shot like garbage, or at least in game 7. 
Except for Game 2
Yep game 2 on the road in LA

Missing one shot doesn’t make his shooting garbage.
Wrong. Monroe + Theis Co-Final MVP.
Yeah got to admit that was nasty. I just find r/nba so fucking ridiculous. One month they circlejerk one player and shit on the other one. Next month they shit on the player they circlejerked last month and circlejerk the player they shat on last month. 
I can't believe that 13-14 team shot over 60 for a game
IKR! It was a game against Orlando https://www.basketball-reference.com/boxscores/201311110BOS.html
That was just four games before the 60% game too
Kyrie has been on a fucking tear lately
#WE. FUCKING. RULE.
Noticed that Kyrie did not mention a single word about playoffs and dropped stuff like "gearing up for what's coming ahead" and "challenges ahead" in the post game interview. This guy knows what's up. 
That was simply unfair
Bout time they got this post game thread up. Only downside to this game: Theis didn’t play. 
I like the game of basketball.
I haven't seen a a butt kicking this bad since I took the math proficiency exam at Bunker Hill with an Arizona high school education
was Gorman drunk?
Worst scoring quarter was 30 points. RIP rest of Eastern Conference
He woke as fuck
Sorry Theis, you're benched until further notice.
Something something “Y’all Look so different” something something “we got a fucking squad now”  
Or do you save the power shirts for difficult games?
I hate Kellerman, but then I hate most of the sports "reporters" as a Pats fan. 
Max Kellerman is a fucking idiot. 
He's such an abashed Pats hater its disgusting. Seems to really take the anti-Boston angle anytime he can.
Last person to do this in the garden was Kobe in 2010. 

My bad yall
This should seriously be illegal to do to someone... 
jesus fucking christ wtf
Anyone who hates him is wrong and should feel bad.
Kids are fucking shaving his likeness into their heads. The dude is beloved by everyone who isn't that idiot Memphis announcer.
Mfw I make a pilgrimage to Boston across the US and see that game and this game...

Can’t tell if I’m unhappy that they were blowouts or elated due to the team pub stomping teams
THE NAUGHTY PROFESSOR! ENCYCLOPEDIA BROWN!
Can’t be worse than Trump
uhhh he said he'd move on to something else....ever heard of fucking baseball? my comment had nothing to do with Space Jam.
If Smart's hitting behind the back step-backs against you, you're gonna have a bad time
Obligatory fuck the Raptors comment
I started playing basketball by myself, I really fucking suck even though I know ball play. My watching skills don't translate on the court! 
Kyrie Irving is en fucking fuego
Worst part about these games is Kyrie will get no playing time in the fourth
How come no one came to help Jaylen up?

Edit -not saying it's anything serious, just wondering
I think we're back! Dominating against bad teams like we should. Also 3ITKH is still complaining about how the Celtics are playing this game, I don't understand how some people still think he's not just a troll
so unfair that we do not have Gordon
Fuck the Rockets upvote?
Who moved the sliders up for this game?
THINK YOU MEAN MOOSE IN THE HOOSE SCAL
>The opponent has quit the game.
The fuck did Brad do with these boys? 
Fucking toronto
That cutaway to Kemba just made me really sad for him
Blind kids >>>> Fergie
I know every fanbase says this but its insane how little calls we get on drives
BBQ CHICKEN
This is a weird Celtics game. The boys are killing it on offense and NOT defense? What is happening...?
Scary Terry streak of 10+ PPG continues!
Damn batum has serious vision
Jesus... Kyrie is insane.
I wonder if brad ever gets mad at kyrie when he throws up a heat check 
Big bad Moose
Don't talk shit about moose!
HAD TATUM FOR AN OOP! :((((
That Kyrie three was ridiculous and as Kyrie-esque as it gets.
Man, Baynes is killing it this game
Ky is just trying to make shots difficult on purpose now.
Poor Lamb, what a call
Scary Terry baby.
Any update on Tommy's health? :(
Holy fuck kyrie
That was a weird sequence
KYRIE MOTHER FUCKING IRVING!
I'm shocked moose did that
Cmon I was readying myself for the Kyrie 50-point game, but it’s not gonna happen with 24-minutes of garbage time(angry emoji). 
How the fuck mook. Holy shit
I'm an Aussie and have no idea what the fuck a Sanga is
Are you fucking kidding me. Fuck Dwight Howard so hard. 
Holy fuck Kyrie
Jaylen slams get me hard
Al Horford's been on a bad slump.
Anyone watching the Stadium feed? That white girl dabbing and flossing? Oh man am I fucking dying over here
I think Dwight Howard just fucking died
WTF KYRIE
Kyrie that was absolutely disgusting
Kyrie is just unfair. It’s like a cheat code.
Does Kyrie have 900 points this game?
Fuck you Dwight.
Smart immediately makes up for a bad pass. Gotta respect diving on the floor up 23. 
I'm sorry, but this is crazy. 

Of the 10 Celtics to attempt a shot, not one single player is shooting below 50%
next game is in houston? gotta listen to the radio and Cedric Maxwell

TAKE THAT WHICHO BEARD!!!!!
im not sure why jaylen did that. he had time to attack the basket and tatum was ahead of him he couldve passed
WHERE THE FUCK IS OUR DEFENSE?
that was a dumb decision to pull up
I feel like a lot of players are playing selfish. Brown should've ooped that to Tatum. Morris not passing to open Tatum on the wing. We should be up 20 rn....
I got a feeling that the Jay's are going to combine for 55 points at least.
Not a great start on the boards
Baynes rebounding been trash lately. Need Theis.
Turn on the game, kyrie drills a 3
holy shit Kemba is nasty
There's going to be 300 points in this game.
Why the fuck do the hornets bench never sit down 
why does the guy who was choking on food get a trophy. the fuck?
Scary Terry 
SCARY AF!
If we're just going to hit every shot, can we at least play a little defense to just blow them out?
Holy fuck Kemba 7/7
Fuck these refs and fuck Simba Skywalker.
MJ is an idiot for not building around Kemba
where has Tommy been lately?
What the fuck Dwight, get outta here with those moves...
That look on Australia's face was bone chilling
That’s soooo weak
Baynes and Monroe were like, "oh we've got Dwight tonight? Alright, well fuck you."
Wait...did Scal mean he ran into Baynes' dick? 
Kyrie what the fuck
Man, the hornets look really miserable. In other news, what the hell is happening in the pacers - hawks game?!
What the fuck was the Monroe
Whatever baseball was doing to increase home runs, they must be doing for this basketball game
Kaminsky gets mad calls
semi working the picknrolll lets fucking gooo
I get that we're up...but I always lowkey hate when Brad doesn't let players hit milestones when they're so close, (ie Tatum close to 30 a previous game, Kyrie close to 40/capable of 50 this game, other players close to 20).
Cmon Baynes doin Abby dirty like that 

Chin up and do the interview
4 bad teams and 4 W's , thats what elite teams do !
This defense against Kemba is shit. Step it the fuck up. 
That was an atrocious decision by Jaylen. He got the ball at half court with 4.5 seconds left and pulled up with 2 seconds left. He should have passed ahead to Tatum and ran for the oop. Can't have that to end a quarter.

Also, please tell me no one thinks this is an acceptable defensive effort. 
Moose is useless dude is just too slow
Tatum look like booty lately, hope it's just the rookie wall /:
If you're 6'7+, you shouldn't struggle this much around the rim. Offense and defense are both atrocious right now. Won't be shocked if Charlotte goes on a run to end the quarter. 
Yeah, she's taken a few

~~woops, wrong Siri~~
I mean, it’s a random Wednesday night in February. That’s what you want. 
shouldn't get too excited about beating a bad team, but we haven't smashed bad teams like this in a long, long time
he told them he wasn't mad, but he was disappointed
Worst thing she could possibly do is kick you in the nuts and call you a creep, still worth the small chance she likes you too.
Think Brad told him no more fucking around, I want you to show this team what playoff basketball is
I’ll never forget his insane buzzer beater against Pitt
It's infuriating 
January last year was insane
Is it wrong that I don't want a blowout so Kyrie gets a chance to play in the 4th...
if he doesnt get mad at smart i cant imagine he gets mad at kyrie
At least we gave up nothing for him
I never really have hated him. Lakers fans don’t like him so I don’t have a problem with him
Both teams played hard my man
He's just sad all the lady ents are dead.
ill defend this man till the day i die
False. You have to posterior someone on that type of play. Teamate or opponent. 

Edit: I am keeping it 
Cold Snap
He was having non of an Abby interview at half, dude was fired up and stormed past her into the tunnel.  I don't hate it 
Depends. If you don’t have much money, look for a game against a bad team (like nets season closer) but I’d say average $60 for balcony 
I'll give you the Knicks and Grizzlies, but on the road vs a solid Detroit squad isn't a game vs a bad team. And I know we're thumping the Hornets but they were one of the hottest teams in the east heading into this game. 
Who cares. We need the depth he gives our roster. He does some stupid things but he has value to the team. 
what a stupid comment, do you read what you write?
Omg can you ever focus on anything other than negativity? 
Yeah most agree that was not a good decisions by jaylen. Yeah we need to make some adjustments on defense. But looking at your comment you’d make it seem like we were down 20 shooting terribly. 
Yeah he has looked bad.  I keep hoping it's rust but I don't know... 
Won't be shocked if you get hit by the ban hammer again
Yes fake 2 seed cus we should be the 1st.
Mother fucker made a burner to talk shit. Fake 2 seed musta got you rustled
Sorry
Oh it could be *a lot* worse than this. 
this is normal from our atrocious defense
Yeah same, but by the looks of it not gonna happen. :( me sad
But I’m selfish and I want to see 40
IDK why everybody is in such rush about this. Being disappointed in how out of basketball shape he was upon returning is one thing. Calling the dude useless after 3 weeks on the job is silly. 

But then again, this is Reddit, we're all here for the spicy takes. 
For simply saying, "Hey, I like you..." ?  What's the worst it can be?
Yep and didn’t even play in the fourth. The man hit some insane insane insane shots 
It's equally dumb to say Kyrie was a better shooter than Ray. 

Ray was maybe the GOAT shooter pre-Curry. 

I'm putting forth the Ray vs. Bird argument to show that your Kyrie>Ray argument was stupid.
There’s a chance but it would involve having to beat one or both of the Cavs and Raptors an a even game series. Not sure if we would be the favorites for either series. 
I guess a fairly serious discussion isn’t on the mods’ menu tonight.
That’s gotta be an awful feeling for him
Lmfao thats so soon do we know if hes even jumped once since his injury

Holy shit y'all are crazy 
Yeah he would people walk with limps all the time when they rehab from injuries. It's very common.
Game 3, Hayward to Scalabrine for the 360 slam is gonna be nuts
Dude wtf
Gordon questionable for tonight’s game. 
Weird, all I read was *"something something Hayward...It's about to be crazy, G...something something twitter"*
3/23 will be the biggest disappointment  ever
:(
>Don't be shocked to see LeBron take a Durant-esque paycut 

no. If that happens definitely be shocked. Lebron won't and has said he wont do that. 
Read your first line. Nope, stupid post. 
Too bad they’re both trash
Hard to swing that when you miss a month.
In the two times the spurs Celtics played this year LMA was shut down the first game. He had one good game one terrible game.
Sounds expensive.
bad year for white people in celtics uniforms who have legs
So, am I wrong?
I'd assume Baynes has no arms, not legs, because his hands and touch are awful.
There’s plenty of sites that sell, just look up Celtics tickets, find the game you wanna see and you’ll probably find the deal you’re looking for or close to it. 
A gift box with a shirt and wine glasses, at least that's what it was a couple months ago when my brother won it 
What the fuck
Maybe Brad is pulling a 4D chess move and making him rest to prepare for Houston game on Saturday. 
yet another record broken for Thesis
i feel like danny granger is worst case scenario for tatum. 
Peak Granger 26/5/3/1/1, don’t do DG dirty like that. 
that's just ridiculous 
IT is one of the worst players in the league right now. 
Him* my bad 
Wow that's not very politically correct now is it? So sorry you hate to MAGA :(
Im not. Players will just not declare during years when bad teams / markets have high picks. Still fucks the little guy over
I’m sorry I have to ask you this, but what did Yao Ming smell like?
[hard to argue with that](https://media.giphy.com/media/lI6nHr5hWXlu0/giphy.gif)
yes. theres nothing in me that can hate the man, his shot won us the finals. once our inevitable fall comes, he will be the star in the league i watch

It’s still crazy to me.
I remember reading a random article about which star Ainge would end up offering the Nets picks for to get a star in Boston & I remember the article mentioning Kyrie & scoffing at the idea.
Now he dons the Celtic Green!
Dude I literally texted my friend yesterday "I wonder when it's gonna stop being weird that kyrie is on the C's"
Yes every game 
I think this thread could be bumped literally every game. I went to sleep, got up, worked, ate dinner, and then...oh shit we have Kyrie and he's doing Kyrie things again, rinse and repeat.
uhhh you guys are the Celtics. You shouldn't ever be shocked about getting a star.
Last night that play where he lost the ball then used it as a fake had me shaking my head in disbelief
What...
Have you seen what LeBron has been doing this year man? How do you describe his game as archaic??
IT wanted to be here. Horford and Hayward chose here, rather than 'not Cleveland'. Why should we be shocked?
sometimes i wonder if he does that on purpose to get defenders reaching. i wouldn’t put it past him
Kyrie's contract runs only one year longer. Age was factored in; it's the extent of the injury that was unknown.

Or maybe I'm just plain stupid.
> Celtics Fans became what they hated in the Kyrie trade.

well said. this essentially sums up my whole point in one sentence. 
It's VERY unlikely that it will be Kyrie
Here man, take my upvote for you're absurdly rational take on Terry.
The era is forgotten because we were irrelevant.  
Was he a bad coach when it came to X's and O's? Or did he just tell the team to tank?
Celtics were so unwatchable during the tank job season of 96-97 the team sent out a bleak highlight reel video interspersed with players apologizing for their performance. I was only a kiddo but do remember that.
I heard about that. I saw highlights of a playoff game. I also heard that he hated Chris Ford. 

Even if it was a dark time, I still don't feel like a complete fan not knowing the 90's era
Holy crap this podcast is long
Post anything positive about KYRIE on r/nba and the commenters will fucking flock to it screaming how stupid they think Kyrie is. 
Serious question: are there TD banks in Boston?
I mean, in loans it means “turned down”. 
Why do we hate Baynes? I think he is decent. I get frustrated at him, for sure, but i'm not that disappointed. 
but larkin has his stretches. nader had a stretch ONE game one game. and there is a chance every game that larkin ignites
Because he can't defend or do anything other than score, yet he's still not very good at that. Yabu at least plays with energy and crashes the boards.
Daniel Theis is also a rookie. Jayson Tatum is a rookie. Ojeleye is a rookie. At least Nader played in the D League beforehand. And no, not every pick is a stud. Not every pick is an NBA player either. 
Take Michael Jordan and essentially multiply him by 100 and you’ll get something Vaguely resembling Scarrence Terrance 
Scary. Terry is Scary. 
I've heard on the grapevine that he asks everyone he meets for tree fiddy. Not sure what that means but I hope it helps with identification...
SCARY.
Terry the Ferrari is scary
Yeah, I get what you're say and everything but... I'm not rooting for the fucking Lakers.
Fuck The Lakers.
Is the OP drunk. man i thought a thunder is hitting me as i saw this at the front page
Fuck you i spilled my coffee
You can’t deny he’s not good? Celtic pride aside I still appreciate his accomplishments.
I wonder if the copyright complaint has something to do with you linking/mentioning your Patreon acct.
Heard about other highlight accounts getting “strikes” as well on YT. I wonder if the NBA is targeting these accounts:(
I have some but it's not possible for me to store all 1600+ videos, unfortunately :(
Damn. I'm sorry man. I hope it all works out
Lets not overreact.  I mean, this is Memphis we're talking about.  The real game will be on Saturday versus Rockets.
No Tyreke or Parsons make it worse
and from even deeper.  He's yet to make a ridiculous Curry-esque 3, but jack up enough of them and eventually he'll hit one.  Helps that we're playing  bad teams, otherwise I think he wouldn't play so loose and casual.
Imagine that nasty beard after 35 years in hiding...
*alluded

sorry
Yet another reason to hate the fucking Lakers...
The Lakers weren't as bad as their record even when they were struggling.  
I've made my peace that we're not getting it a long time ago.
People said the same about LeBron. He's not hyped up for no reason. Don't hate. 
You deserve a fucking medal fongos 
I was really looking forward to his post game off the bench but he's been absolutely terrible.
This thread is an hour and a half late 
I'm sorry, what?! How can one man's pineal gland be so calcified? 
Ya that was weird
In his defense, he admitted he was wrong in like the 2nd
What a idiot
Tatum is 19. He doesn’t need an excuse. Anyone talking shit about him is a moron
Because we got sloppy and lost half the cushion we had. 
Not sure the Grizzlies ever cared tbh
the Raps bench fucking smells blood and goes out there to step on necks. 

We get so sloppy
OH FUCK THE ULTRA SONICS
Holy crap I missed that sequence. How...did he do that? His handles in the half court are relatively poor for a 2-guard, but in the open floor forgetttt about it.
false.
He was playing in Chuck Taylors, probably smoked and drank, didn’t have the benefits of modern sports science, travel was absolutely brutal.
Dude has 8 titles. He probably got
Bored
Tommy also didn't shy away from contact, just the opposite.
He's been sick 
League wide? Probably. I feel like our fan base knows what he brings to the table tho. 
You mean his Theisis?
Too bad the mods banned fongos from posting for no good reason. 
Unfortunately 
Weird I heard from someone else in another thread that he was banned
No lol
yeah thats why i just assumed. oh well not sure if that makes his theislove creepier or what.
can we play Memphis every game
Every damn game, people report the game thread itself. WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE? HOW DO YOU HAVE TIME TO DO THIS?
I hate how games always start at 7 30.  It's like they don't know that we clearly all want to watch jeopardy but not all of us have dvr.  smh greedy adam silver
Fuck these refs are god awful
Chalmers is a punk bitch, get the fuck away from Theis.
both teams checking out of this game
Where is the MOOSE I miss him :/
Tonight’s game has made me realize that I’ve been pronouncing Ivan Rabb’s name wrong for years
Is it too late for Theis to join ROTY race?
GRAB YOUR KEYS, WE'RE GOING TO THE GAME.
Remember when we were panicking after a 3 game losing streak.
WTF PREDICTION MACHINE? IS THAT 1% JUST OUT OF PITY FOR THE BEARS?
Theis is gonna get SERIOUS minutes in the playoffs 
I feel like Jaylen has improved an insane amount even compared to the start of the season. It's nuts. 
Tonight's game is brought to you by Fuck the Colorblind.
wtf is that call
I miss Abby :(
SCARY TERRY!!!!
SEMI DEFENSE SCARY OFFENSE!!!!
SEMI STEAL!! SCARY TERRY BITCH!! I realise we're playing a tanking team but this is fun to watch. 
my god the defense is getting me STIFF AF 
Kyrie that's just unfair. We're already destroying them
Damn i kinda feel bad for gasol. The whole team has bad bbiq except for him
Semi almost had a LiAngelo, but decided to get a rebound & fuck that up.

/s
Too bad we didn't even see Jarrell Eddie make shots
I like how Mike said “haven’t said Al’s name a lot tonight.” I may be falsely recalling, but didn’t Brad in an interview a while ago say something akin to “when you’re not hearing his name, Al’s doing his job”
al's fadeaways almost look like his feet are going backwards but his torso is going forwards. it's weird. i don't understand it. but i like it
Memphis is pathetically bad

i feel really bad for Gasol
what's up with r/nbastreams? none of the names i recognize are posting the game
I hope Tommy is alright too tbh a ton of people are having such a hard time shaking this cold.
Can we not have a slow start for once?
Baynes is necessary evil 
What is with Tatum on those strips? Being Lazy? Weak? Just showing too much of the ball?

Edit: wrong name
SCARY T3RRY!
Time to put Game Over Greggy in.
I feel bad for Gasol tbh. He deserves to be on a playoff team
Jesus. 25 points up and we're putting Horford & Tatum back in? xD Fucking hell. No mercy atm.
Wtf is on Deyonta Davis's head, I think I just saw it breathe
Why is Gasol still in the game?
Marky looking like a fucking assassin.
Tatum throw the fucking lob boi! 
Let's get this shit!
I miss Tommy :(
The fuck do the refs have against Morris' head? Won't call anything every time he takes a head shot.
Fucking Donny
SCARY
This game is gonna take all night with all these whistles
I’m so fucking scared rn 
this is so un-celtics to be up this much right now

but this grizzlies squad is absolutely atrocious.
I like this game.
cold take: memphis is the worst team in the league and it's not very close
this is brutal
Gasol basically walking back on defense now. Dude looks miserable.
Oh no they're cutting into our 25 point lead
Can't find a stream that works and now I find out Bamba is out for the Texas v Kansas game :(
So Brad must really not trust Greg Monroe at all when he can't get in an almost 30 point deficit game.
Fuck giving the ball to shane larkin give it to tatum
Tatum loses the ball yet again.. jesus 
GOD SEMI IS SO BAD ON OFFENSE
We're just being ruthless atm. Could have played Nader, Monroe. We're putting in our starters xD 
No easy buckets when Jaylen's around!
maybe I don't like blowouts after all, that second half was just a plain bad watch
Who is scoring for us???? Box score looks terrible for almost everyone. Also, I'm not watching as I'm at work... But Tatum seems to be stringing togetehr some serious rookie wall style games... Any thoughts? 
I hope we finish this game on a run.
There is no reason for this to be a close game. 
This game reminds me of '08, pretty fucking boring because of the dominance of the Celtics
I feel bad for Gasol
Holy FUCK stop shooting threes Marcus 
Even the NBC Sports Boston stream is down, something must be wrong.
It's bad. I can't find a working stream in there
Just ignore him and dont engage, he just feeds off of attention. He'll get bored and stop.
His defense has been dog shit. But maybe he's hurt/sore.  Dunno.  


He wasn't listed as questionable or anything... 
I’m sorry brother, this is an atrocity, how is there not more out cry about this ?
"Only 134. Terrible. We should've hit every single shot and force Memphis to miss all of theirs. Should've won 246-0. These guys suck."

-u/K3ITH probably
too bad Yabu isn't on this trip
I mean, he's *looked* at it...
That Orlando game at home *seriously* pissed me off...
i saw on the nbcsn twitter that he would be calling the game, what happened?
Tommys been sick but he was supoosed to be back tonight. Nbcsn posted a pic on instagram saying he was back tonight and they've deleted it, weird 
it takes a lot of effort and will power to do that every possession/game. also, we don't play the Grizz every game
He sucks
From what I've heard he's sick. 
It's a game on a Monday against arguably the worst team in the league. Don't expect much traffic
The ball is whipping around, everyone is in on it.  Tatum has missed some.  I don't know if it's rookie wall or what.  I think basketball is a streaky sport.   He doesn't look tired. 
No, that isn't the worst thing that you can do. If it was the worst thing that you could do, we would lose many more games.  

Please stop trolling the game thread. 
This is atrocious comment. Worst thing you can do is troll every game thread 
I think there's no better time than now
Huh. Idk anything about that, but there’s a post on nbastreams talking about how league pass has done something, and a lot of streamers are waiting to find a solution. I said fuck it and bought a year’s team pass for the C’s, but unfortunately I’m blacked out because I’m in the grizz’s market even though I live two and a half hours away.
No, he won't get bored and stop. He has been at it for the entirety of the last two years. I'm not exaggerating. Every game. Multiple posts in every thread.  

Time for the guy to go.
NBA officiating is awful, nearly every single game at least one team gets fucked with bad/missed calls both ways. We've just been unlucky and bias kinda blinds everyone a bit. It's not anything against the Celtics 
Draper and Scal do have some insane chemistry.
Thank you game thread police 
Must be hard to ignore online comments in 2018
I'm worried they're so bad that they're number one and we gotta switch with the sixers
I agree with you that NBA officiating is terrible across the board. But i legitimately feel the Celtics have been getting fucked this season.  
I just mean it's a bad team on the road our lead should be expected really. I get what you mean though. 
Nearly impossible
Not really sure what you're getting at here. Nobody keeps tabs on you. But alright.
Nah you’re wrong. Tatum gets the majority of small forward minutes and will even get power forward minutes when Hayward returns. Terry will still get 15-20 min a night 
i mean if schroeder can do it....
Horford game winner 
Horford & Kyrie icing the OKC game during the streak
The mavs game where we came from behind and one. The play that sticks out to me is the jayson hustle play—> Marcus hustle play —> Kylie three
That game was also nuts.
THE daniel theis game 
U mean Kyrie and Jayjay highlights 
Some mocks have him late lotto some have him in the 20s
Grayson Allen because fuck it let's lean all the way in on this Duke shit
> by a violent brute with beach chair rental experience

I think this deserves an explanation.
Yeah he's been dreadful for Duke. I think someone will take him in the late teens because of the lack of PG prospects but he's got a bunch of holes in his game
Bates Diop is sick but he's gone before we pick
He is what he is, which is a plodding, terrible defender of anyone who plays outside the low block, and an efficient scorer in the post. By the time the playoffs roll around, we'll use him depending on matchups and probably very situationally. It's not like we have to use him x amount b/c we didn't even give anything up to get him
He's a negative player, been saying this since before we signed him. 
You're a negative commenter. It's a match made in heaven.
Game Day fellas, lets rock
It also sucks that Yabu is in a weird spot where he dominates the G-League but is abysmal in the actual NBA
Ya, he brings a ton of energy but would get lost on defense occasionally. I enjoy when he gets minutes though because those dabs are vicious. 
Dave Cowens. Haven't seen him in this thread, but he is always the overlooked historic Celtic. 

Simmons said it might be because he was in between Bill Russell and Larry Bird, had his career cut short with injuries, and the NBA was maybe in its worst historical time period. He was an MVP, won championships, and is a Celtics legend.

🍀
No love for Sherman Douglas?

Where's Joe Johnson?

And maybe (unfortunately) a player that I love to hate: Rick Fox.
Unfortunately, he was shit from literally everywhere else. One example: career 24% from 3
he was so overrated that there were fans who thought that was a bad trade for the c's. 
Thank you! I thought I was taking crazy pills. 
Sorry we can't all be LeBron smh
I thought you fucked around and got a triple double from the title 
I ran into Antoine at a strip club in Maine while he was playing in the D League. I was drunk and just went up and talked to him for a few minutes. Didn't seem to care about what I was saying but didn't blow me off either. 
I still remember the time he went to a red sox playoff game in 2013 and he wore a balaclava (it was cold) so no one noticed him
What's weird?  That he followed him around?
Isn't he from Natick or something?  I met him at a Celtics game about 15 years ago or so
I remember her being real small
[Here](https://i.imgur.com/0XcFYrM.jpg) is my background of Jaylen in the Rising Stars game. 
Why's it zoomed in on Jaylen's crotch?

edit: I mean... Umm, I get it but... never mind.
Can I get the raw image of this? Used to have it but my phone committed suicide :/ 
Mine too, it’s a sick picture
i'll look for it, that was my background on my old phone :(

[found it](https://photos.app.goo.gl/7k9sqShqMmgCurQj2)

Its also a desktop image 

Also found another while I was looking.
They're insecure and a waste of time then
I’m sorry watching the game. 

Dancing bear ily 
He thought it was a support group for people with bloody hands
Yeah yeah, but the city unfortunately has earned the rep.
And Al didn't have an assist. Weird night
I told you, Skinny Marcus from the pre-season is back.  I think cutting out the carbs was his penance for messing up his hand. 
Is it just me, or did he travel on at least one of them?
Legit though. It's painful to watch the Celtics take 6 seconds off the shot clock, brick a 3, and start back peddling before it even hits the iron.
No passing, no drives, no open looks, and no moving without the ball are just some of the things we do. It's maddening. Can't JUST rely on Kyrie. 
FUCK ZAZA KYRIE SPEAKS FACTS
I hate this fucking scumbag
Zaza sucks
Fuck Zaza
I have always fucking hated Zaza Pachulia.
Get Baynes to fuck him up.
Kyrie might say some dumb stuff off the court but that doesn't mean he's wrong about basketball
R u blind dude

He's clearly wrong about basketball in this instance. Watch the video again christ people get their pitchforks out at the drop of a Brodie.
That he really, really dislikes Curry and considers him whiny, weak, a flopper etc (described in a slightly aggressive manner). I mean everybody can see things their own way, but I'd hate if people wander into this sub and then leave thinking "oh C's fans are all idiots"
I saw it differently with my two eyes, I was using what the podcast hosts said as confirmation.  However, I want to apologize to you.  It was a jerk move on my part to accuse you of trolling.  You saw it as you did, I saw it as I did, so be it.  It was totally wrong of me, and I’m sincerely sorry. 
Sorry if the replay button broke, my bad
don't really get all the hate for Moose in the game thread. he shoots over 60% at the rim for his career. he won't keep missing those bunnies.
Post game interview with brad. He's growing a unibrow. Wonder why 
I know it's been said already, but fucking hell.

Jaylen. Brown.

Edit: Jayslam Brown.
HOLY CRAP WE WON IN THE GRAY UNI’S!
I don't normally do this, but Jaylen FUCKING Brown.
am i going blind, or does jaylen have 0 fouls??
If Jaylen and Tatum are our eventual 4th/5th options then we have absolutely failed at drafting and developing. 
Omg is this the DBZ reference I kept seeing people talk about in game thread, stream wasn't working so I couldn't watch. This just made my night thank you. 
You actually are a sad little soy boy
The whole Soy Boy thing is cringey and immediately tells me you're either an edgy 14 year old boy or a pathetic man child. 
I feel sorry for you. Your life just seems so sad 😞
Impossible to have a positive +/- when you're part of a Larkin/Rozier/Smart/Monroe lineup
At least Jerry West got to beat the Celtics once
"FUCK YOU I WON'T DO WHATCHA TELL ME"
FAKE NEWS
this is like me with my ex

Brad Stevens: Gordon Hayward will not play this season.
my dumb brain: ...so you're saying there's a chance???
I'm going to the Portland game on 3/23. Trying not to get my hopes up. 
I just realized I was typing into the Pistons post-game thread for the past five minutes... Slow start here too, Celtics.
Daniel Theis Started In The Game tonight For those of you whom dont know this .....
Jaylen is such a crazy athlete 
thats gonna fire up Marcus for the rest of the game... watch out for the takeovahh
this game is really weird 

idk where to put my finger on it but it feels off for some reason 
That's a foul but Jaylen getting tackled on the inbounds isn't? Fuck outta here.
TEAM CHEMISTRY!! HOLY FUCK
A left handed high floater. Kyrie is just nasty.
Worst time trying to stream something I've ever had. That's why it's kinda dead here. Everyone who is lucky enough to not have to deal with this please hug your televisions tonight.
Fuck that rim.
roziers vertical is fucking insane
What the fuck did Burke eat for lunch today
Yo may God fuck these streams tonight
I don't actually hate these jerseys.
That Smart eurostep was disgusting
Scary Terry baby
Kyrie is just fucking around this game lmaoo
HORRIBLE CALL 
Tatum you silly goof 
the Knicks don't run plays. they just run like hell and hope that something happens. hornacek is a bad coach 
Monroe is going to be getting abused on the pick n roll. Holy shit is he slow laterally 
Fuck yeah Marcus 
NASTY finish by Tatum
Reminds me I gotta order my Scary Terry hoodie
That Kyrie floater is absolutely ridiculous.
What did Kyrie eat before this game? Because I need some 
HOLY SHIT KYRI3!!!
oh my fucking god Kyrie
Moose has been a disappointment at this point. 
the knicks have one of the worst point guard rotations in the league and these guys are letting them carve em up.  thats pretty sad
May as well put up the post game thread now 
I feel like Terry's defense has been a lot worse than usual lately 
holy shit monroe at least contest that 
Monroe probably smells really bad
This line up can be offensively brutal if Rozier is missing. 
Terry is playing like crap rn.
Foul on my fucking a$$
Refs making defense impossible 
Fuck you refs
Thank GOD Beasley sucks tonight.
That was not good defense
That guy was terrible
I fuck with Theis
Where the fuck is the D?
Kyrie is just filthy
I think Kyrie should just take every shot for the rest of the game
What kyrie is doing should be illegal
Kyrie Motherfucking Irving is fucking Celtic 
That unit out there is really bad news offensively
last time we played at MSG Beasley torched us now it's Trey fucking Burke smh
What the fuck is the defence doing?
Getting sloppy again. Knicks got ahead doing this and lead's down to 2. Fucking hell. I know we're on a back-to-back so it isn't be all and end all but it's never great to see.
How the fuck is that not a foul?
Tatum has been MIA in this game
FUCK YES!
BALL GAME
GAME!
Why is Trey Burke ballin tonight but this dude sucks every other night 
what a weird game. I feel like these guys are treating this as an exhibition.  Kyrie looking like he's playin drunk out there
Monroe is almost useless
can't buy a bucket but at least the defense showed up 
How the fuck is that a foul? 
The green stockings look weird on Moose
Wtf was that from Morris?
Well that was not a good way to end the quarter 
Boston on paper should have an at least average offense but its just ass for some reason. I just don't get it 
With how bad Burke had been for so long I feel personally offended by how well he's playing this game
didnt semi score the rock well in College? Whats up with him being afraid to shoot
Trey fucking Burke are you kidding me?
Game is messy but I can tell you one thing - Allen Iverson is back on his bullshit
Small ball is the worst
buffstreams is buffering every 2 seconds, feels bad...
Fuck Jonas Valenciunas
Noooo Tatum :(
Oh my fucking god we're so messy
i hate when game are close against teams we should be blowing out... sigh
This is not ideal
This game is so loose 
LMAO Clyde is fucking eviscerating mudiay whenever he screws up

also Kyrie getting nasty in transition.  them high dribbles oooooh
I'd rather listen to fergies national anthem than watch that weird shit
Kyrie going for the masked game at Madison Square part deux, maskless
This game is brought to you by: Tissot 
A scary bounce 
That ball movement made my dick hard
It’s almost as if the defense becomes abhorrent the second Monroe steps on the court... weird 
This is a losable game, but it shouldnt be
These refs fucking suck. 
Scary Terry baby
Basketball is ridiculous like this 
Ball game.
GAME
Monroe is by far the worst fucking defender the team has had in quite some time. Jesus christ man. 
Man, move the fucking ball. 
Trey Burke breakout game against the Celtics. Of course
Leafs just tied it up. Fuck.
Smart gets in people's heads so bad
Give Monroe a couple weeks guys, that's all I'm saying. He has a bad coaching past and no chemistry with the team yet. 
Get Shane Larkin the fuck out of this game
Let's see how needlessly difficult we can make this one
Burke and Beasley are garbage NBA players. Our games at MSG have been real dumb this year. 
Can Jaylen control the ball going to the rim for fucks sake? Gets stripped every damn game
Brad better let these guys fucking have it in the locker room. That was about as terrible a defensive performance you could have. Building good habits for the playoffs means you don't take games off just because you're playing a bad team. 
tough start for stone hands. we've got your bricks, your inability to finish drives, your loose handle. ugh
Yeah it always feels like we always start off at least 10 points down.
Tbh I will never get over the fact that we have Kyrie fucking Irving leading our team.
I wonder if it's the pinky :(
But he missed the layup so he MUST be the WORST player in the World.
I feel like he's fucking around for like 50% of this season until playoffs 
:( aaaand you’ve mad me sad
If you hate Kanter, you should check out the Kawl Malone twitter account 
And, the game's still tied.
...until now duh duh duuhhhhhhhh
meh is the biggest understatement I've heard.  he's downright awful
That's what Jaylen was yelling to brad when he was standing behind him in the locker room.
It's when someone stands in front of and tries to block an opposing player from grabbing a rebound. They often put their arms up and have to push off the person behind them.
3ITKH is by far the worst fucking commenter this subreddit has had in quite some time. Jesus christ man. 
False
You're needlessly difficult
Nah, they were like "fuck it" let's give 3ITKH some shit to be angry about 🙃
What a pathetic excuse of a comment
Get outta here you stupid bum. No none likes you
He really isn't that bad. He's not good by any means but not bad. IT was bad.
Nah was some Mariska haggatery clip... didn’t realise she was at the game and it was part of the stadium feed
No, I'm the one going nuts, sorry
Unplayably bad
I guess we have different definitions of "awesome on offense".  forcing some bad passes and taking awful shots (though he has made some stupid hard ones).  nothing is happening in the flow of the offense
not sure if serious
We won’t play in by the postseason. Horrible, horrible defense.
idk.. i feel like IT at least moved his feet. Kyrie just stabs at the ball 
Yeah that's why he's the worst player in the world, trade him for the bag of Doritos.
He will. He's been uncharacteristically poor as a finisher for us. He is not this bad. Not even close.
IT is probably the worst defender in the NBA, Kyrie is just sub-par to par depending on the night.
He didn't seem to know judging by his expression. I'm not sure about the China part.
WTF, Where the hell have you been? The Jazz sub has been worried sick about you!!
You know that movie Rookie of the Year where the kid breaks his arm but it heals kinda wrong and gives him the power to hurl an insane fastball? I'm expecting Gordon to be in a similar situation but since it's his leg, he'll be able to dunk from half court. 
They're seriously holding a Q&A session in a room called Askwith?
Haha kid we all know you aren't a Jaylen fan. Go the fuck away you're gimmick is old and stupid. 
You need to relax, it's just a Q&A session and he was invited to speak. Nothing wrong with that. 
So Jaylen has never experienced racism or been an athlete who voiced their opinion?
Not sure if they do it after every game
Semi is built like a fucking warrior
Al just *erased* Blake from the game. DPOY material.
To my dismay you probably will :( 

Don’t leave us Marcus
I am drinking all of the tears and hate. It fuels me
I was so wrong. Forgive me Based Cobra for I have sinned. Let me be cleansed by the tears of the haters. 
> that his offensive production is completely irrelevant.

i think completely disregarding his offense is the wrong way to look at it
I remember him stating that he loves Boston and want to play with them his entire career, but unfortunately I can't find any proof or source :(
I wasn’t trying to argue your premise. It's so hard for me to judge price vakue now that teams wasted their cap space on bad players last few years.

I was just adding to some of your statements. Devil’s advocate if you will.
Will this mean he'll start practicing then? 
Reddit is so cynical that even though you literally say you are not being sarcastic I still think you might be.

3/23 is a meme that is a mash up of Illumimati, kyrie, flat/round earth, jokes....Hayward is not going to play this year
You have fake sources now?  What is this... RealGm’s forums?
Yep fake
Depends on the price, but I wouldn't want to jeopardize the assets for a (insert disgruntled superstar here) trade unless Ainge really believed that Ayton is one of those future superstars *and* he can get him for a less than insane price.
Well I mean, yeah, but he’s 27 so that “era” will be around for a while
He should be in the background of the ainge and brad jump n bump. 

Like all subtle kine in the background.
SMARF IS BYKE.

Also this: [Marcus Smart finishes with 12 points and 6 assists in his return to the lineup. Would also tied for team-high with a +12.] (http://twitter.com/BrianTRobb/status/967221295061635072)
Can't wait for them to come back when he has a single bad game.
I still wonder what we could’ve got from him. I’m just sad we don’t get to see what Avery Bradley and Marcus could do on the court together. No one would ever score. 
The sad thing is he probly won't be here for long :(

Edit: I was thinking this was the last year of his contract. I guess he will be here longer than I expected.
The people who hate smart also hated on rondo 
Yep. It's a vicious cycle.
No, you didn’t. It was an empty, useless comment stating an irrelevant, obvious fact. 
Fuck. 
Weak.
It’s so cold in the D…

Because they ran into a THEISberg!!
The Theis game
I couldn't watch the game, what's up with Baynes?
Celtics badly outrebounded by the starting center but we cruise to victory anyway? Must have played the Pistons!
It's almost like, people shouldn't have been panicking over a couple of terrible losses. 
So cold in the mothafuckin D
how da fuk is we's sapposed ta keep peace? So cold in the Ddddd!!
Got hit hard on his funnybone or something.


How dare fuck do we spose to keep peace
Fucking filthy 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Monroe’s body language is kinda, not great. 
The defender bit on that soooo hard. Kids a stone cold killer.
Eh. He wasn't slacking off. He was looking for a call and made a mistake. He ran as soon as he realized he fucked up and I doubt he does it again. 
This was the theme of LeBron vs the Wizards the other night. Unfortunately coach Lue and the Cavs only caught on to it in the last minute of the game and started feeding LeBron. 
Jaylen could shot in high school. He was in a terrible system in Cal. Years from now people will look back and wonder why they ever doubted Jaylen. 
What was so bad about Cali?
Yeah the system at Cal was basically non-existent. Also had zero spacing for Jaylen to do his work. The system at Cal was basically run a failed play and then make Jaylen bail us out with a 5 seconds on the clock.
Posting in T_D is a worse look tbh. 
RIP the sliver of hope of a GH late season return 
Theis has developed a 3 point shot. League fucked.
Can someone PLEASE get a streamable or gif of Griffin trying to post Horford up twice and failing miserably? 
Blake blaming the refs for his terrible shooting
This switching with Smart Semi Morris Horford is unreal.  There's just no where to hide.

This will be devastating with Hayward in the mix.
I hate when we just chuck threes every offensive possession.
I repeat: Ish Smith is ANNOYING
Drummond mad AF
Seriously? Come on
I hate stadiums that play music during play
anthony tolliver almost just fucking died

Jaylen slowly building that assassination skill level...
Jaylen is stupid fast
Ish Smith is a fucking superstar man
Won't even lie the pistons are getting fucked by the refs 
pistons were definitely scarier before their Griffin trade. now they're about as scary as when they were throwing the Josh Smith-Monroe-Drummond frontcourt out on the floor 
Anybody got a working stream? All i get from rnbastreams is a black screen :( help a brotha out
Tatums playing well... guess he won’t get the ball the rest of the game
Detroit is not a good team. I feel bad for their fans. Their bench is awful. The roster construction is too. Who made the call to draft Kennard over younger kids with huge upside or older guys like Kuzma and Mitchell? That person should be fired
That's the defense we've been missing for the past month. I've missed this intensity. 
That’s bullshit clock didn’t even start till pistons were past half court 
I’m not even mad that was nasty
holy crap someone get Griffin some ice... body suit
Theis is taking over this game.
I hate these transition 3s, just go to the fucking basket.
Kyrie is tired of Ish Smith.
Ball game 
Jayson gets no love
JAYSON FUCKING TATUM 
That move was absolutely insane
I guess Ennis is the guy today on “random player who goes off against the Celtics”
Fuck off Tolliver
Drummond can't Fuck with that kid rapping.
Anybody else see the clock start way late on that inbound?
I hate the 3 chucking
Our transition defense has been bad for a long time it feels like
I'm tired of this no ball movement b.s. Jaylen should be running around like Reddick does curling off screens so he can spot up or drive to the basket. He, Kyrie, and Tatum should be ISO so they can kick once help comes over. 
I like detroit’s unis but that patch stands out in an awful way
Pathetic 
This Detroit announcer is so annoying
Fucking Terry man! Beast mode engaged on D
This lineup is ugly 
Drummond is gonna body us without Baynes in the game
Ish Smith is ANNOYING
Never forget Drummond being a douche to Jaylen. Fuck Drummond! 
Fuck Ish Smith...
Jw, why the ish smith hate?
terry hasn't played much :(
I know Blake is having a bad game, but Detroit gave up waaaay too much.
Makeup call for fucking Blake.
Blake Griffin really sucks ass without his jumping over cars powers. 
reggie needs to lay off the pipe :\
This game is over
I hate it when announcers don't pay attention to the game.  Focus!!  Do your job!
Game.
Griffin be sad boyin over not gettin those triple digits tho
Ohhhhh baby, we got the pre-game downvotes in here. Fuck the Raptors? 
Drummond is averaging 15.7 rebounds per game? jesus
So fucking amped! Let’s Go Boys! 

I need basketball in my life again!!!
#all the stream links are broken omg
There are sometimes during a basketball game that i wonder how the hell is Horford a max player.
Al's game ages well because he's an actual fucking tortoise
Greg Monroe is a terrible defender.
Get moose the fuck out of this game. 
1.5 hours ago he was "trash" and "shouldn't even be in the game" and "never should have been signed."
that shot actually went in, the cameraman just had his camera at a bad angle
Detroit looks terrible, though. 
I watched the Bad Boys documentary today and that was in it...couldn't believe that didn't get an ejection back then 
He certainly is when he plays the Celtics. So annoying.
Watch everyone flip flop once he has a bad shooting night.
He usually does the halftime report on road games
A fucking Kia
It's been almost as bad as some stretch's last year.
Both are just stupid.
Out for the game undetermined elbow injury. 
Isnt this an away game?
Yeah I dont want to hate because I think we'd be lost without him, but he is NOT an all star. 
He literally won us a game by doing that
It depends on the game 
Terrible closeouts even when they missed; brad was searching for someone to step up.
we got it, you hate Horford...
You sir are the fucking worst
Go away Ivan you are pathetic.
Not the guys calling the game, i mean the stadium announcer
Every time I hit the play button it just makes a pop up ad appear and the stream never plays. Velocity is usually reliable but his got taken down by the mods. 
Yeah I'm not trying to write him off already just a bit disappointed so far. I knew his defense would take time to adjust but I was hyped on his offense.
My bad, I read his post history wrong 
That's dumb
You heard wrong
We need bench shooting desperately
I'd rather let Nader develop he has had bright moments this season.  The hate Nader gets is just stupid to a point. 
I mean, he’s already 24 and has shown virtually nothing at the NBA level 
The man isn’t spring chicken FFS. He’s an old man
mods just stop taking this shit so seriously. god damn.
No, a seperate sub is not what people want - that's a stupid idea. Splitting the community & content doesn't work. Just look at /r/celticshighlights. You know that this won't work 
The Celtics memes I've seen on this sub are forced and corny, I personally don't want them on this sub. Just keep that stuff in the game threads.
disappointing to see another one of these

Why can't you guys just listen the majority as a test-run and if it goes to shit you can throw us a fucking told you so like we know you want?
Credit to the mods for at least opening up a forum for us to air our grievances.

I do hope our feedback is taken on board and some change is enacted.
Wait how do you hate memes 
Also, not allowing highlights on a subreddit dedicated to a sports team is so absurd
The voting system is bullshit, it gets gamed everyday. To have faith in that system is naive af.
We make changes all the time when required. 

I don't know what you mean by "physically filtering out content isn't that hard." 


Not sure he can!! 
Nope they entirely avoid the really fucking controversy. This is genuinely unbelievable to me. 
Wtf are you on about? I didn't say my feelings on way or another. How could you even disagree with my statement. Here I'll try and caps lock key words to help you understand 
IF the MAJORITY WANT change there SHOULD be a WAY to GO ABOUT DOING THAT 
None of his videos should be removed Christ it's a basketball sub y'all need to take moding it less serious. 
They literally wouldn't allow highlights on a subreddit dedicated to a sports team that's insane
So you are brazenly ignoring the requests of your users. You don’t give a shit about what they want because you have all the leverage. Just genuinely disappointed rn man.
Really don't understand the logic that posting a youtube link is a bad thing.
Can I just get a real response? What the fuck is this vague shit? You’re purposefully avoiding the issue and only making yourselves look worse 
My post had hundreds of upvotes. There is clearly massive discontentment within the user base.
Did I say the American system isn't flawed? No. In fact it being flawed helps my argument. I'll say it again. IF the people WANT a CHANGE. There SHOULDDDDD be a WAY to get that CHANGE. If you still don't understand it's all on you. Try again or finally admit you were wrong 
That person handed over the reigns, who handed them over to me. I might one day hand over the reigns myself. 

I will definitely be sad in retirement if I see it overrun by memes like in the Patriots subreddit or something, though.
Well, I feel like we incorporate a lot of feedback and have made a lot of changes with the sub growth. Things were a lot easier when it was more diehard Celtics fans than casual fans just fucking around on reddit.

All I'm saying is that I don't think we have an obligation to do whatever people say. I'm not saying that we plan to ignore everyone and just do what we want.
Kyrie gets it 

Edit: people really hate the thought of equality around here😂 
I'm from Europe, what's BHM? Does it stand for Black History Month and I'm an idiot?
He came at my flair. Wtf?
Yeah because your flair is an attempt to get people to argue with you. Keep your political views to yourself, don't advertise it on an irrelevant subreddit. What is the point of that flair on a basketball discussion board for besides baiting? 
16-7. I picked us losing @HOU, @MIN, vs OKC, @POR, @MIL, @TOR, and then one random bad loss somewhere.

FWIW, here's the remaining schedule:

- @Pistons
- @Knicks
- Grizzlies
- Hornets
- @Rockets
- @Bulls
- @Timberwolves
- Pacers
- Wizards
- @Magic
- @Pelicans
- Thunder
- @Trailblazers
- @Kings
- @Suns
- @Jazz
- Raptors
- @Bucks
- @ Raptors
- Bulls
- Hawks
- @Wizards
- Nets
4 or 5 loses
I didn't say it was impossible. I just don't see them losing both.  What makes you think they will?
And then they immediately put out an article about why they were wrong and why the models in general were wrong. 
Doesn't really matter if he's contributing nothing on offense and being his usual terrible self on defense
It’s not gay if it’s Jaylen
Amateur, I have him at +98
wtf
this is painful to watch. Knowing the state of the east this is really a dagger to the eyeball.
It's weird but I was nervous every time he jumped
Also we could stagger Kyrie and Hayward’s minutes so at least one is always on the court unless it’s a blowout of course
Statue in the Boston Common 
With all the draft picks and no bird rights with the 2 year deal, I sadly see Theis going elsewhere after next season.  He would have to sign a 1 year exception deal for us to keep him.  Then I believe we’d get his bird rights after that.
That's a weird way of spelling 'Finals MVP'
I mean, even if he's staying, he's not declining the player option in 2020, come on now.
someone is going to offer boogie the max. Unfortunately, I think the Pels will as well and he'll stay.
Another subjective opinion without any basis besides pulling everything out your ass you can’t compare players futures because you aren’t fucking physic 
Yep. And it's fucking stupid.
It's not that ridiculous when you've seen C's fans have this debate rabidly without cessation from Draft Day until now. It's a dead horse.
:(
>Jaylen is terrible 

I'm going to be so excited when you are banned.  Such a troll.
Such a little troll it's pathetic. I wonder how boring you're life is when this is what it consists of trolling Jaylen.  
I've been praying the injury has somehow made him at least an average shooter. 
Can we fucking stop the hourly AD chatter. It's not happening. 
Fucking hell I've seen variations of this post three times since Sunday
[Here's the Youtube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKwr_KtkfQw) for those of us that fucking hate the ESPN video player.
You mean, that fucking hate ESPN.
Fuck ESPN.
Don’t hate the ESPN video player, hate the ESPN video GAME!
Also helps that his dad played at BU and has #11 retired there.  Feel like Kyrie believes he has a legacy to leave behind.
I mean I'm not a fan of anyone calling the game that isn't Mike Gorman & friends, but I don't mind the occasional bit of ESPN content.
It's not possible. You'd need to trade Al to match salaries
EDIT: I'm kinda wrong see TheWhiteMambas_Son's reply
At this point, very little. Or at least way under what his value was prior to this season. Whatever is going on with him and his injury is a little weird, and I'd be hesitant to give up a bunch of assets that we can at least predict the outcome of with relative certainty.
Not giving up JayTay cause I'm a blind homer. Why trade the next Durant for a broken down Leonard.
Thats alot of blind optimism
Kawhi and Hayward coming off season altering injuries. Jaylen still the worst of the bunch by far 
This would be the death lineup. On of Hayward, Jaylen, or Kawhi would work as a small ball 4.
Jaylen also has a chance to be better than Hayward. This lineup is insane.
Wouldn't wanna mess with an angry Marcus tbh.
What an idiot.
Marcus Dumb
We all make mistakes. I've broken things in anger as well and I know it's a terrible feeling afterwards.
Ya I'm not sure it would've been the worst thing in the world
And then cry twice as hard.
Marcus has done some dumb shit in his time here, and he always cops to it.
If he missed the season you wouldn’t have been mad?
Yes, that's part of the point. It's idiotic on his part because it's a golden opportunity to make even more money than he is already making (an opportunity we can only dream of), took it for granted and he probably fucked it up by doing something stupid. It was stupid. It's not an unforgivable mistake. He's human. I get it. But the other part of the point is that it doesn't make it any less dumb. Not difficult to grasp. 
Game 3 Marcus, where art thou?
Don’t know why you’re downvoted. Dude fucking hucks tres. Have an uppy.
Kings WON'T be one of the worst teams next season. The pick will land somewhere in the 10-15 range.
With all the teams already below them in the standings who, unlike the Lakers, have an incentive to lose a lot of games, I'd be shocked if it conveyed.
You forget about our secret agent 
*Lebron's ascendancy into GOAT status?* Give me a fucking break from your irresponsible hyperbole, sir.
No man, it would be horrible!
It would also be a catastrophy for the league. This dude is a fool and I’m really confused as to why this is the hill he chose to die on.
There should just be one AD mega thread at this point. These posts are so redundant and annoying. 
Man, I want AD badly, but I'll be so salty if we give up one of the Jays to get him.  Like I know it is probably the right decision basketball-wise, but I'm so attached to them both at this point.  Hope we can find a way to swindle the Pels without giving up either of them.  If anybody can pull that off it's Danny "Trader" Ainge.
Maybe stupid people, Isaiah was damaged goods. It wasn't an overpay at the time of the trade, people just overreacted.

Ainge didn't outbid himself.
Also leads team in broken picture frames.
I love his lock down defense and play making, but I hate when he pulls up for contested jumpers when he should be driving to make something. It’s frustrating, and I know he isn’t a terrible jump shooter, but every shot at like the 16 shot clock timer I seriously get anxiety. Irving does it too, but he makes those frequently enough to be forgiven.
You hate them until he makes 2 in a row in the finals down the snakes mouth 
The defense needs him. Badly.
thank fucking god!
And the Bulls snap it? :(
But how can someone who believes in a flat Earth lead anyone?  He has no credibility!  He's a crazy conspiracy theorizer!  You people are all crisis actors!

/s
I hate when people say that the flat earth stuff is "incredibly dangerous" and r/nba LOVES saying it. 

If you can't teach your kid that the earth is round, then you suck as a parent. It's not Kyrie Irving's fault your kid is dumb.
the development is crazy
He looks so small 
Too bad he is still pretty terrible now. He still can't dribble, finish, or shoot free throws. He also makes the dumbest mistakes. 
Crazy to think had Hayward not gone down
Jaylen not being on the list is ridiculous.
Jaylen is going read this and Get Angry. Our opponents will suffer for BR's shortsightedness and never know it's Adam Fromal's fault. 
Oh I just skimmed through that opening paragraph as typically they're pointless on lists like this. Makes sense
Shots fucking fired 
Does that mean that we ~~are farmers?~~ plough teams?
Entitled ass fanbase. Fuck off.
Your a warriors fan wtf
I swear the word "Asinine" is only in the vocabulary of people in NBA suberddits because of Steven A. Smith... 

And it is always used somewhat awkwardly.
and your a Celtics fan. Is this how you play this game?
> I just don’t understand the need to kick a down team, when we are in a position of strength

What. The. Fuck. 

This isn’t some weird social class. We aren’t the 1% shitting on the peasants. I’m making a joke about signing a player in a decade. Relax man. It’s the allstar break. I made a meme post.
it's hard to argue against 2 MVP's still in their prime
It would rank 2nd
I wouldn't want to trade both of them for Davis, but Tatum for AD would have to be taken seriously. We'd still have Jaylen, who will become our Kryptonite against the Warriors.
Both really and I guess you'd give the nod to GS because there proven and Hayward is coming off a horrible injury but I think it's closer than people realize 
You forget that this is a business and these owners want to make money.  A team like Washington that can make runs into the playoffs each year for the foreseeable future will never blow it up and take a risk on kids and lose all of that revenue.  

That's an awful idea.
Cuz I’m tryna go to a championship parade asap. His contract doesn’t expire until like 3 years. Who knows what ADs health will be then
We probably won’t have cap space even with Horford off the books.  Need to figure in extensions for Kyrie, Jaylen, etc.  Having said that unlikely to see trade before 2013.
Yeah, i hate imagining what we have to give up
They still give hard tickets to season ticket holders or if you buy them at the box office
No he sucks
Too bad that's exactly what he was signed to do in Sacramento
Why in the world does everyone hate Nader?!
I've been nervous about every dunk landing for every Celtic ever since I watched Tony Allen go down on that casual dunk after play had already stopped.
he held his leg after a layup or dunk (I forget which) in the rising stars game and got up and ran it off

definitely scary
[reminds me of bad times man...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le8rMnL56w8)
Then get some Tylenol. U ill
Why do you have this idea that we have never seen bad shooters become serviceable past the age of 23 before?
He didn’t say that. Marcus is one of the worst volume 3 point shooters in the league. He’s really, really bad at shooting. And it’s not just shooting. He’s a garbage all around scorer. He’s not a good finisher around the rim.

Marcus is a serviceable player, is one of the best defensive guards I’ve ever seen, and makes clutch plays at important times — however, I’d be shocked if he ever became even an average shooter.
Pointless quote. 
Jaylen Fucking Brown
That might be the dumbest least informed opinion I have ever heard. 
Sorry looked at the wrong comment. Lebron and Giannis play the 3 and run point forward so, and I take Kyrie over harden and CP any day of the week 
And yet you have zero evidence to say he is worse 
y-yeah just imagine :'(
sorry fam
GOAT All Star Game
Jonesin for a game. Especially with how poorly they went into the break.
That's kinda the same as Pierce. And for a long time people questioned if he's got what it takes to focus on just scoring, be it flashy or ugly. Now Kyrie's gotta show the same thing
"When they brought out Kelly Olynyk, I knew they weren't fucking around." -- KD
The only reason KD didn't sign with us was because we brought Jelly fucking Olynyk to the pitch 
Awful take.
Christ you're boring. 
I think Jayson is a perennial all star in the making unless something goes very wrong, and a starter for a contender for the next 15 years. Jaylen could end up anywhere between Shaun Livingston and Dominique Wilkins depending on how he develops. 
I was hoping maybe Kyrie would try a little off the elbow pass! 
That boy nasty
Gorman, you filthy savage 😂
Between Fergie's version and the one at the NHL all star game I don't know which one was worse.


Terrible in my opinion.

This is how you sing it. 

https://youtu.be/UjbolhVVCYU

WTF, that's so disrespectful it's insane. It's not even his anthem to play around with, he just treated it like ours doesn't matter.
What in the fuck..
Terry Rozier and Greg Monroe become Nate Robinson and Big Baby 2.0, Shrek and Donkey bench bromance

Jaylen Browns ppg goes up, Jayson Tatums rebounds go up.

Al Horford starts as PG for at least one game with Kyrie at the two either in the playoffs or in the last few games of the season.

Hayward plays an average of 6 minutes per game going into the playoffs.
Yabusele will finish a game with 18 points, 6 rebounds, and a block.

Edit: and 3 assists.
brown will bring his average ppg up to 18 and assists up to 3 per game after the break
Kyrie will reign in his end of game chucking and decision making.  Or atleast I fucking hope so.  
Even if he did take 1 a game and even if you ignore the secondary effects of Ojeleye being a dangerous shooter, +2.1 points per game for the team is actually pretty massive. Changes that big are hard to come by.
What’s wrong with my post from Hayward’s instagram?
WE WANT THE MEMES! WE KNOW HOW TO DOWNVOTE! WE DONT NEED MODS TO FILTER OUT "LOW EFFORT CONTENT! STOP TAKING EVERYTHING SO SERIOUSLY!
Why are there even mods to begin with? Who the fuck cares what anyone posts on Reddit?

I hate laughing 
Like I hate to compare us to r/lakers but look how many posts they’ve had in the last 24 hours, then look at ours. It gets boring around here sometimes when nobody posts or should I say post getting taken down
This is what I think; I mean why the hell does something get removed for "low effort" but I see the same fucking "what u think about jay/jay/Gordon _____ next year" repeated daily.  Why the fuck can't I talk about my maniacal thoughts comparing this team to spiritual ascension?  At least it would add some fucking flavor.

This sub is made vanilla as shit from the removals and I want some fucking kit kat bites in my ice cream.
Yeah man seriously. I’ve had a lot of Celtics related stuff deleted that’s quality within the past few months. It’s insane...
"LA what'd you think of that game?"  Fucking CRICKETS 
Derozan and Lowry are such ball hogs. Had Al open multiple times but they decided to take dumb shot instead. Another reason to hate that franchise 
Wtf is this?
That’s one horrible crowd! 
Fergie just went out of her way to sound annoying as shit
This is the worst crowd ever
Worst 40 minutes of tv I have ever watched tbh
If people aren't watching, they should turn this game on
Are they playing the All-star game this year? All I see is no talent Riggle and overrated Hart on my TV screen AGAIN.
How can the switching ability of team lebron not give you AT LEAST a little tingle?
It seemed he was much harder on Kyrie.  Basically calling him a moron that needed to stay in college to learn stuff
8 points, 2 rebounds and 1 assist off the bench, probably sloppy D and a shooting line of 42/30/80.
I wish people wouldn’t use the word ‘gruesome’ when talking about his return. It doesn’t matter how bad it looked and how disgusted we felt. The damage is what matters. 
I agree "gruesome" is meaningless when talking about recovery. When I was a kid I was playing tackle basketball and one of my front teeth broke on the pavement and went completely through my upper lip so I just had a big hole in my upper lip and scraped the hell out of my face. Blood was just pouring out of my face. Gruesome is a fair word to describe that and I didn't even miss a day at school. They just told me to put gum over the half tooth that was still in there until I could see a dentist so I didn't cut myself.
The censorship here is getting absurd. Bunch of tweets are being deleted. The mods need to relax on what’s allowed. It’s what your users want. 
mods are terrible, I got banned from posting on the sub for just suggesting a sidebar reminiscent to the timberwolves sub
The mods are ridiculously bad and are ruining the sub. Almost everything I post gets removed even when it's 100% about the Celtics. Videos, articles, etc. 
This sub kinda sucks.  We all suck, mods included.  
The mods here are awful. There is better Celtics content on /r/nba than there is here because of them. 
Can I ask why my post about TRos Scary Terry shop was taken down? I think 2-3 days ago, had like 50 upvotes 15-20 comments can’t find it now. 
Seriously? I'm fully prepared to boycott if this is the case.
Seriously?
We can’t even talk about a lot of things that are about the Celtics, granted a lot of that is dumb trade ideas. 
There’s no e in ridiculous.
It’s not just a bad night though. It’s been like this since before the trade deadline. They remove everything. It’s beyond pathetic. 

Did you know they automatically remove any and every post that has the word “jersey” in the title? If there was a post later today about Kyrie and Al in their All-Star jerseys (something *directly* related to the Celtics!), it would immediately get removed and sent to their queue, where it’ll sit for hours upon hours until someone decides to allow it? And by then it would be too late because everyone had already seen it on other sites. 
Pretty terrible meme...
they did? People have been begging for him to be banned forever, and I usually wish they'd let it go and just let grumpy drunk uncle be grumpy drunk uncle
Yeah, it's lame. I'd rather discuss something in a shitpost than discuss nothing at all.
> You have to believe me

I think this is where there's some disconnect between you and everyone who is unhappy
What was that other troll account? The one dude that blatantly had like 17 alts and made comments like it was a middle school playground fight
We don't use Game Threads properly anyway... I kinda wish to think that this is the mods' way of saying "figure yourselves out you fucking mob"
It's not prohibited. At worst, the submissions are just delayed or submitted in another format. What you are asking for is really more time from us. 

I don't think it's unfair to not want to use this sub as an advertising platform for youtube accounts. Also, you might think people are content with just letting those accounts not get much attention, but we get a lot of reports and complaints about that crap. Every time spam gets through, people are unhappy about it. 

In addition, there are very few legitimate youtube submissions. This sub is one of the biggest NBA subreddits, and we get a lot of attention from spammers because of it.

Our current method is the only way for us to prevent constant spamming of our sub without drastically increasing the time we spend on it. 
See I don't know what you're trying to say if you don't say what you mean. Are you trying to thank me for my clarification by calling me pedantic? 
I also severely doubted a player like KD would have alt accounts. 

Rule#1 dont underestimate the stupidity of people.
I think Keith was a real fan. This dude was doing his usual act on game threads on cold January nights during the rebuild. I think he’s a true fan with just an anger problem 
One game in two years. I'll pass. Blatant troll that should be permanently banned.
That's exactly it. It's not the actions that are so frustrating, it's often the lack of communication.
We'll know if you're an alt based on whether or not the mods remove this comment for vulgar namecalling and trolling
Am I wrong?
Dhdjdjksksskssss am I wrong?
Ima break you, bot... am i wrong?
I am still rooting for IT. It's so hard seeing him with these struggles.
I wish his defense was as dope as his brand game.
They're voiding one of our titles?

FUCK
Not sure, I’m not a sneaker head so can’t help you out there. They are sick tho
Fuck Ray Allen
Embiid is such a fucking monster damn 
We're pretty annoying aren't we? 
There’s obviously a lot of overlap, but the Sixers and Eagles fan bases are pretty different entities. I’d contend the annoying characteristics of Sixers fan generally have spawned the successive years of being bombarded with really, really stupid takes about our rebuild from people who should have known better. The Eagles fan base is just kinda crazy regardless of the situation.

Also, a lighthearted joke about another fan base being annoying getting downvoted on this sub pretty much stereotypical Celtics fan 101. So there’s that.
You expected upvotes going into another teams sub and pretending, even jokingly, to be annoying? That is not unique to the celtics my friend.
Not sure, but if you are an NBA junkie, I recommend Chris Mannix Yahoo podcast, Lowe Post, NBA Ringer Show, Bill Simmons, NBA Group Chat on Ringer. Sometimes Ringer stuff is very LA, Philly, OKC centric and annoying though. 
Least favorite by a lot Blakely.  Like shut the fuck up you idiot.  Me and him have the same amount of sources.  Fuck that guy.
Jared Weiss is the worst. 

Also that’s actually Mark Murphy’s editor, Mark J. Murphy. It’s very confusing. Murf is still there.
in game 1 before Hayward got hurt, Tatum was at the 4
He can definitely do some insane competition dunks. Soon he's gonna start doing this one in game: https://youtu.be/A5Am6ZfgwxU

I mean it being the reason he wasn't invited this year.  
Another TNT broadcast, another completely wrong name given to a Celtics player. PSA: sometimes NBCSboston shows the anational games so you can hear Tommy, Scal and they boys instead.
Yes I know this doesn’t help for All-Star games but still 
I know that but I wanted to know what the wrong name was.
This was never funny. But now it’s just pathetic.
What does this even mean 
that shit is so insulting I hate that. Intellect can never be a bad thing 
Sorry to hear that. /r/NBA folks are mainly morons.
Have to imagine this might be an indicator that the NHL already knows they fucked up by not sending their players to the olympics and are planning on sending them in 2022. If the nhl is shut down for the 2022 olympics the garden will be wide open for scheduling a 3-4 day all star event. 
5? I count 7. Kyrie, Hayward, Tatum, Brown, Horford, Scary T, Ayton. 
It hasn’t even been that cold here this month. 
Horford will be 35 at that point. It's possible but unlikely he'll make it in imo.
Kuzma with the disgusting windmill.
Who the fuck hires these announcers?
i mean he does embrace it, like in his nike commercial. that being said yeah it's lame that it almost like defines him at this point.
He is stupid for even bringing up the subject.  For even introducing the topic into discussion.

If he said he was "just questioning" whether the Holocaust happened or if what Harvey Weinstein did was actually that bad, it implies that he's taking a position even just by introducing the topic.
It's stupid but sports media is soooooo fucking dumb just watch the basketball 
It’s hard to learn sarcasm, and this subreddit has a lot of it. May I interest you in some r/nba?
He has never said “the earth is flat” out of context of “question things”. Period.

I never said Kyrie was trolling or an idiot. I said he doesn’t believe the earth is actually flat.
I’m sorry you don’t understand why kyrie thinks the world is flat. 
Dammit Sherrod, just when I was starting to think that maybe you weren’t actually that bad, you go ahead and write something like this smh 
This is awful. 
can we just get the full order already? this trickle of information is annoying
100%. Forced his way out of Cleveland to help Celtics get the pick and also cause turmoil in Cleveland
impossible - seriously
I like to give him the benefit of the doubt. He was paid about half what Tyler zeller made last year. IT got fucked so hard with timing of his injury and the trade
Go fuck yourself
Imagine how terrible it must be to not have Jaylen Brown
These motherfuckers are about to educated by Professor Fucking Brown 
Fuck the Lakers 
Jaylen got fucking snubbed. Fucking Bogdanovich gtfo 
Dunn, Mitchell, Brown, Tatum, Collins for the rest of the game I think.
Jaylen would fucking murder these dudes
What the heck? How does Jaylen Brown not get that..? I mean fuck it, the world now knows we got a fucking MONSTER in making but man, that’s terrible. Even Bojan didn’t think he won..
Just got home and made myself a cocktail.. I heard Al messed up? :(
yo fuck the NBA
no al :(
Sick as fuck!@
I've seen bad contests. That was not one
Jaylen Brown, between the legs dunk to close out the awful World vs USA rising stars game
Honestly team world are playing boring as fuck. Where are the ISO handles, no look passes, crazy dunks? There just out here taking layups and open threes. YAWN
elite athlete. Too bad his handle and BBIQ are so suspect...otherwise we might have something :(
What does this mean? 
I mean, in the end it's just an all-star game and none of it matters.
He scores 16 a night pretty bad for a leading scorer.
makes me sad
My dad took me to a couple of those when I was younger. I also got to be a ball kid once, it was sick.
This man is finna go crazy in rising stars
Uhhh probably, my bad 
Tomorrow on r/NBA

"Celtics locker room drama is shockingly similar to what was seen with Cavs, sophomore Jaylen Brown is on record publicly insulting teammate Kyrie Irving."
>Hell I miss him so much 

Fuck man we all do 

Kyrie and Gordon building chemistry even when they not playing 

Who's cutting onions
Hey. you should fuck off
I don’t think it’s bad luck, if he wanted to be eligible for the 35% supermax then he’d have stayed in Cleveland. He chose to leave that on the table to come here. 
100% agree. If you're given a platform like that it would be dumb to not use it. If people don't like it they can root for somebody else and be offended elsewhere 
THAT BOI IS SO NASTY
I can't believe Jaylen Brown is a 21-year-old. I was such a fucking clown when I was 21.
it helps that he has Pogo sticks for legs. The man elevates unbelievably. 
I hope people never stop asking about his stupid flat earth theories
Man r/nba fucking hates this guy. They all think he’s a dumb piece of shit. It’s just easier to ignore and avoid all the assholes on that sub. 

Maybe people think he's dumb because he thinks the earth is flat. 

Wtf are you people downvoting me for, he asked a question and I answered it. That is definitely why people think he's dumb. I'm a celtics and a kyrie fan by the way. 
People think he is dumb because he says dumb things. He may be the dumbest star in the league but that doesnt matter because all we care about are his ball skills.


Just watched the video, downvotes now making sense. Fuck me
He and his agent knew Boston was in the mix and forced his way to boston
Guess I just don't feel any sense of security when it comes to Kyrie committing than I did with IT. I'm just a insecure Celtics fan
they had no leverage so that's unlikely
I guess it makes sense, but worst case scenario, we will still have Hayward, Horford, Brown, Tatum, and LAL/SAC pick. Also, keep in mind Kyrie has been here for half a season, and has a quiet demeanor, which is why you can’t compare him to IT.
As he should. What he did was dumb as shit and hurt the team. 
I think maybe this sub is overselling this bad streak being on Marcus.  It started several games before Marcus injured himself.


I'm not saying I don't miss the dude.  What I am saying is getting him back doesn't fix all that is wrong with this team.  
Yup, it’s pathetic 
I believe suspended means he wouldn't get paid for those games? Could be wrong
What the fuck is the message? "Hurt yourself badly and you'll be punished"? Do you think he intentionally hurt himself?
Yeah. I mean I'm pissed, what he did was really stupid and really hurt the team. If we were a lottery team, I could see suspending him. But we need him back ASAP. 
Very badly. 
Yea I actually would rather him shoot mid range jumpers instead of anything in the paint, he has awful hands and terrible touch. Monroe is actually a really good finisher though. 
terrifying!
The fact that there's a two minute video of buzzer beaters from Rozier is insane. I'm glad the organization didn't give up on him and let him grow as a player. I think down the line he could be a force. 
SCARY TERRY THA GOD 
I was telling my gf after the clippers shot “it seems like he does this once a week at least”
We aren't getting the Lakers pick this year :(
Only they could get 5 is if the Lakers have the 2nd-5th worst record. Ain't happenin' my mang
I can't see why you'd waste your time with the 2026 class when you could be scouting Jayson Tatum Jr. Kid is already a *LEGIT* 7 centimeters. Fetal Movement Count is off the charts and BPP score is **INSANE**
Jesus, how in the fuck am I supposed to have a comeback to that? That was f’n ridiculous/awesome and I’m dead.
The Sixers need Marcus Smart very badly. I would be shocked if they don’t make a run at him.
Philly should. Fultz/Exum/Simmons/Embiid is scary.
Yeah. There is a vanishingly small market for guards that can’t shoot.
> they still have a dude who PAYED to try out on their roster. 

What do you mean?
Oh these times are hard...

I fucking miss you /u/banner18boogie 😭 pls call me asap
Semi with the DNP coaches decision. He's been atrocious these past few months. 
This STINKS
I don't see why I should be running aroind screaming "Its not just one game" like Chicken Layup or something
We look awful, I expect a hell of a bounceback after the ASG. This has got to be proof we need Marcus Smart, the D has been nonexistent. It looks like we forgot how to play together since the London game, really. I know Brad turns things around.
I WANT THE GOLD :(
You're just hoping that will happen.  There has  been nothing recently to indicate they are primed for a big run at all.  Everyone is just making excuses.  Marcus Smart was part of a 4 game losing streak to bad teams before he punched a wall, so I don't get why everyone thinks he's the solution.  They needed a break when the London game happened because they had such a packed schedule...well they have been awful since that break.  This team can't shoot and it hurts them almost every game.  They go on a huge cold streak and next thing you know they are down 15.  Even when they are playing good defense the offense is miserable so it doesn't matter.  
We could make the Finals and we'd still be pretenders, they hate us cuz they ain't us.
That's from a Cavs vs Celtics game.
See guys? Matt Moore doesn’t hate the Celtics. He just uses facts and analysis to make his point. 
I look forward to the depression that will take hold of the Cavs fan base when they are left with zero stars and zero assets after the decision pt 2. On a brighter note, I look forward to the team getting some well deserved rest and coming back after the break playing balls to the wall like the start of the year.
Pre all-star: 101.5ppg  
Post all-star: 104.5ppg

Not sure how it compares to the rest of the league though, too lazy to look it up.
> I look forward to the depression that will take hold of the Cavs fan base when they are left with zero stars and zero assets after the decision pt 2. 

See I actually have nothing against the Cavs. I just hate Lebron. 
Translation: "I'm not mad. I'm just disappointed." 
I want him to get angry. These losses have been bad. So much passive play and terrible shooting. Where the fuck is the passion and effort?
I'm not sure who deserves more/less mins.
sorry dad :(
People mad cause be ain’t leading the league in 3pt% anymore. 

Bench him!!!
I hate when we decide to settle for 3pt shots when the lead is over like 5pts. Take it to the rack!
You joke, but Larkin at least is a damn bulldog on defense. That man has absolutely no quit, and leaves everything on the floor whenever he's out there. Might at least give them a spark. 
I feel like you mean Jayson. 
So your solution have problems with the bench is make the starters worse?
Slips through screens like a mad man
Is this an actual thing that made people angry?
I think I was mixing you up with the guy who has a unnatural hatred of Kyrie so I thought you were serious.
Sorry, i mean don't change the amount of Al minutes. The way Morris ball stops drives me crazy! When he is on I don't hate as much...
A lot of them get angry that he has other interests and participates in things outside of basketball. 
A lot of people on the sub got mad that [he was in that video with Kaepernick](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7um88w/jaylen_brown_pledges_10000_as_part_of_colin/) where he donated to charity. When it was posted, every comment thread became a political debate.
He hit the rookie wall so let’s play a player who is worse than him?
Playing worse players isn't the answer
That's silly, he's a human, not an android with basketball programming.
Who plays the 3? Jayson has been cold as fuck since the new year
Keep Jayson in there for his length.  At least he defends.  Every other play Jaylen gets lost on defense.
They've let up over 110 point in 5 out of the last 10 games, must be all the bench's fault.  Tatum is the worst at letting guys get by him and then committing a stupid ass foul.  
If mixing it up means benching Tatum that is dumb. 
Jesus, that is fucking depressing.
I'm sorry that maybe you didn't mean to write what you did
ITS NOT JUST 1 FUCKING GAME
Awful defense
Al was straight up trash, as much as I hate to say it.
All star break won't help us. We'll play just the same. We said we needed the break after our heavily front loaded schedule prior to the London game and we've played our worst basketball since. Rest won't do shit bc teams have figured out how to defend our already limited offense.
i am DISGUSTED with this team
Our defence is trash and we're not gonna win a lot of games if we keep playing defence like a tanking team.

Fuck this shit

Fuck waking up at ungodly hours to watch this team play zero defence

Fuck ruining my life for the celtics

I'm gonna cherish my sleep and not let this team make me mad all day.

Someone call me when this team gives a shit again
We desperately needed this break. Hopefully this hard reset can ensure that our defense gets back up to par. Doesn’t hurt the cobra will be back. 
#FUCK OFF IF YOU’RE THINKING OF SAYING “IT’S JUST ONE GAME”
wtf is going on !!!
We need Marcus Bad.
we may never win again
Just another pathetic showing by a team that is making these efforts a way too common occurrence. 
Shit game.
Disgusting
At least we've got the all star break to regroup now, the past week or so has been rough... 
Fuck 
Can we agree that this isn't not "just one game guys, no need to freak out" 

smh...
Tatum and Jaylen were really terrible. Tatum needs to rehab the pinky
Disappointment is part of being a sports fan... What a fucking disappointing week it's been.
Fuck I miss u smart bby plz come back :(
Why can't Brad figure out how to defend the pick and roll alley oop? This has been a recurring issue with teams that have a solid big man.  Drummond, Blake, DeAndre...it's so annoying.  
Basically, this is what I was afraid of when GH snapped his leg.


Our defense needs a lot of work! How are we letting teams score 100+ on us now? wtf?
At what point are these players going to get their heads out of their asses? This team is so fucking pathetic right now. 
well that was an awful mix of bad defense and bad officiating
God, I hate all the excuses people bring up.
Lakers are losing again so it's not all bad
Yeah fuck this team altogether for a few games.  I'm not watching another until March
I’ve had almost nothin bad to say about al since he got here and I’m always defending him but man. When he’s soft he’s SOFT and when he has a bad matchup it realllly shows
:( sorry bro
sorry to hear that man :(
I would agree if our coach was shit, but I think Stevens can turn it around on defense at least. 
Marcus should be absolutely fucking ashamed of himself 
Nah dude. You see what a small deal Lou Will got? Mid-level guys are getting fucked. 
You didn't watch the game. We intentionally fouled DJ a bunch
I hope you aren't trying to blame the refs after we played sloppy defense AND intentionally fouled DeAndre Jordan.
It's not his fault apparently all of our toughness and fight disappears when he's not on the court. I mean seriously what the fuck are we doing out there? I've never seen such weak fouls  and sloppy turnovers. 
DJ and Harris (as we’ve already seen against the Pistons) are both tough matchups for Al
Ayy fuck cancer. Fr
save it for a game 7
This team should be ashamed of themselves that this is how they play without him. Fucking disgraceful.
>6-9 

(Not) Nice.
i'll settle for medicore instead of bad.  we shouldn't have a problem beating teams like the pacers and clippers.
The offense was mediocre for the first couple months, but it's been fucking garbage (bottom 10, if not worse) since late december. I'm not going to sugar coat it. It's been real bad
Naw I hear you, and I'm not a dr. That injury was just so nasty 
Yeah seriously anyone who believes I care more about a dumb fucking game over my family is just stupid. Idek how my phrasing let people believe that.
People like to assume the worst and then treat you accordingly, especially on the internet
Another game, another Terry buzzer beater.
We call that a Hail Scary. 
IT probably trashes Ainge but why would he ever wanna trash scary Terry
**We** call it that a Hail Scary.

If every repeated phrase were eliminated or cited, game threads would be tumbleweeds or wikipedia^[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7xnai0/terry_rozier_knocks_down_the_ridiculous_buzzer/du9ss15/)
Hey u/Greaves- u seeing this shit? Please blame Brad's offensive system for our poor play
That link shows Smart is worst on the team? Our team average is 36.8%
I'll always remember that game against the bulls when he went 4/4 from 3
Our offense is depressing 
Well at least I got into law school today.
Dick “let me talk about anything other than the game” Vitale
Where the fuck are *my* Celtics?!
Just came here to say fuck the refs for not calling the foul on Avery.
Hey guys i'm out with my girlfriend rn, how's the game going?

Just kidding i have no GF
Jaylen got hammered on that and no call

Getting a bit ridiculous now...
That’s bad for basketball? No you two are bad for fucking basketball 
I’ve got mad respect for Dicky V but maybe he should not commentate nba games
They’ve run that pick and roll about 9 times tonight for DJ. And Horford has been fooled all 9 times.

Really pathetic we cant adjust.
Why are the national announcers always so terrible. This doesn't happen in like, football. Talk about the goddamn game. I feel like it's just two color commentary guys with no play-by-play to keep them on task.
Man these refs are ruining this game let these guys play 
Another ESPN podcast during a game
Our. Defense. Is. Fucking. Garbage. 
Whoever saw that horrible Cavs troll comment, I apologize for the delay in removing it.
This commentary is like listening to The View over a basketball game...
That's twice Jaylen got fucked by getting hit while shooting 
Tatum has worse hands that Jaylen 
Why does it feel like Tatum loses the ball every time he drives to the rim?
Well at least someone is getting fucked this valentines day. Just wish it was me and not the Celtics, but whatever
they should start allowing play to continue when a team collects the air ball on shot clock violations, don't stop transition opportunities because the other team had a bad possession.
So Lou Williams gets a SOFT AS FUCK call for him and Kyrie Irving gets whacked with an elbow and gets nothing? Why do the refs hate us?
Clippers have been running the Hack-a-Everybody all game and it's not like it's costing them so :/
Seriously Vitale doing NBA is like some sorta black mirror episode
The refs can really fuck off with this no call shit

Tbh our guys need to go out there and hard foul the fuck out of them until they call em on both sides of the court. 
Thank god for TRozzay, he’s one of the only guys that plays 110% every game lately 
I hate to complain about the refs but Jaylen gets destroyed everytime he goes to the rim and gets no foul calls
Someone needs to tell these two guys to shut the fuck up
T-Ro-Zay!  Scary Terry!  Tito Three Sticks.  One man, three nicknames
Los Angeles hasn't been called for a foul on a Celtic layup yet this game 
Jaylen WTF was that lmaoooo
the celtics p&r defense has been atrocious during this cold stretch... don't know how to handle it 
I think any of our players heading to the All-Star Weekend should forfeit and work on their game and practice with the team. 
Fuck Harris for wearing Pierce's number, my mind keeps thinking it's Paul :(
Kyrie would have 10 assists a game if people could make their baskets 
I don't remember the last time Jayson hit a three. His legs are so gone. He needs the all star break badly.
cold shooting, still "only" down 13.

must be a Celtics game. 
Laziest fucking fouling team ever. I swear to god we never make a hard foul
Fuck off Mark Jackson
SO SCARY 

SO TERRY
that may have been the worst ever half on offense for a team that scored 57 points
This commentary is atrocious
would it kill these guys to talk about the fucking game?
"I agree with you but I got off your bus" what the fuck does that even mean
Fucking atrocious call. Massive flop and that ball was 5 feet over his head
I'm so glad I get to watch it with Mike and Chris Mannix, ESPN game sounds brutal
QUIT WITH THESE FUCKING BULLSHIT CALLS
We need Mahcus back so badly 
OH GOD TERRY THAT WAS SCARY
This is fucking pathetic 
So we go up by 4, first time up by twp possessions all game, and then just give up a 10-0 run? Wtf have I been watching?
Wtf Tatum playing like he’s Olynyk
Man, I need the fucking all star break, let alone this team.
absolutely awful decision by brad
Eh, boooo. Fucking BOOOOOOO. We need Marcus to inject some fucking intensity into this team. Jesus they’ve been playing like a bunch of pussies for the past five games
HOW THE FUCK ISN'T THAT A FOUL ON IRVING AFTER THE SOFT SHIT YOU'RE CALLING THE OTHER WAY?!?!?!?!
I can't fucking stand these announcers
Shit the fuck up Mark Jackson, were not overrated defensively 60 games in
I'm sorry, the refs are fucking us insanely hard
The officials decided they wanted to fuck us for Valentine's day
Sorry Mike and Tommy, but I'm listening to Dicky V tonight. 
"Congratulations Kyrie and Al, we look forward to seeing you in... Los Angeles! ..." *awkward*
The Mike and Tommy feed I have is shittier quality and behind, but I can't take ESPN.
Dick Vitale doing NBA is so weird
Baynes wtf
SCARY TERRY COAST TO COAST
We held them to under 35 in the first. WTF!!!!!!!!!!
Hooooly shit Jaylen and Tatum have been ice cold
Brown 2/2 league fucked
Why does every nationally broadcasted Celtic game cease to involve discussion of the actual game being played?
Thank fuck for Kyrie 
Bruh where the fuck is the call?
TITO FUCKING THREE STICKS 
Of course he makes it but where is the and 1? wtf refs
Hey, we scored over 40 points before the half, this isn't all bad. 
Yo where the fuck is the foul
Man how the fuck t hey call that on Brown but they let DJ hack Baynes and ignore that foul on the buzzer beater three by Terry 
Fuck these refs
Terrible shot Al, come on man.
No Mark Jackson I dont care about this pointless topic lets talk about the game for once. I know you know nothing about the Celtics team but please talk about the game.
Fuck gallinari. Shameless flopper
They've talked as much about the upcoming Warriors game as this game in this quarter 
From reading these comments, I have deduced that the ESPN broadcast is not good.
Just let Kyrie shoot the fucking basketball the rest of the game plz
Jesus fuck no more dunks for Jordan.

Has he played literally the whole game?
Kyrie is insane 
Is it me or have there been a ridiculous amount of fouls today?
The lack of common sense talking about Pitino in a positive manner given all that took place in his recent exit, never mind the tone deaf nature of doing it at a game in Boston, is fucking mind blowing appalling
And a 10-0 run to go go back down fucking 6. Wtf
we look like a fucking 8th seed
wtf happened to horford's defense? Hes playing like trash lately
Jordan is fucking us 
Wow. Our defense looks absolutely atrocious without Marcus
That’s it game over
Our defense has been god awful. This is a fucking joke
Tatum. Hold on to the fucking ball. 
Maybe Tatum should play with gloves. He loses the ball on the drive like that at least 2 times a game. 
so fucking dumb that they can't change the ruling to a foul during review
"Fuck this guy's liver"

- The Celtics to me, probably
LAZY ASS DEFENSE... stop stabbing at him and committing weak ass fouls 
Time to hit the shower, I feel dirty after watching that 
Mark Jackson can go fuck himself
#Here’s a preemptive “go fuck yourself” to the guy who’s inevitably gonna blabber “it’s just one game no need to worry”
Why is everyone freaking out? Remember last year when Brad was still toying with the lineups and game plan late in the season? Which caused IT to say something to the media? Just chill out! Just a bad stretch of bball.
#WHY ISNT BRAD DOING SOMETHING. GET IN A REFS FACE AND MAKE A FUCKING STATEMENT.
Fuck these refs man, for real. Am I crazy? They seem like they haven't called a single foul on the clippers this entire half. 
is it too late in the season to tank?
fucking hate Dick Vitale's voice
Bunch of losers.

Against a tanking team.

And topping our worst points allowed night just days later.

Is it all star break yet? 
Jesus Christ I'm gonna have to watch this game muted
Can’t afford another slow start 
Baynes offensive game is offensive
I know it went in but hate that Kyrie shot 
I'm tired Robbie.
Frustrating seeing Horford miss 4 footers 
Call a timeout, wtf
im sick of this
I believe we've been drunk for weeks
I’m watching this game to hear about Lebron James 🤔
0 pts in a 2 1/2 min stretch when they have Milos, Lou and Gallo out there ...

NOT GREAT
We just cannot score man. We aren’t this bad offensively. We were never good on offense, but the past 4-5 have just been absurdly bad.
Uh...was Jaylen throwing a lob to Theis? Even the coaching staff threw their hands up like WTF was that
We badly need a Gordon Hayward update during the break. This stretch has been depressing 
Feels like we give up a ton of and-1s lately
IF YOU'RE GONNA FOUL FUCKING HACK THE GUY STOP GIVING UP AND ONES
yo can we stop fucking fouling 
Man why has our defense been getting TORCHED for the past couple weeks? 
what the fuck is this fucking shooting jesus
Gallinari is a fucking hippo when he drives. Just stay in front of him, it shouldn't be that hard
Wtf horford your d is TRASH
I basically expect disappointment on offense now 


Lazy and no defense.
SCARY FUCKING TERRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
classic fucking rozzay shot lmaooooo
I JUST GOT SO FUCKING SCARED
are you fucking kidding me terry? What in the actual fuck was that
Refs are ridiculously against the Celtics..... If that was the clips shooting that's a foul call all day 
Why does ESPN think we want to see a slow mo of Jordan's junk?
Blakely is unbelievably bad
the refs swallowed their whistle. these calls are terrible.
Our guard defense is so bad! 
Teodosic literally just kicked the ball. No delay of game?
We're playing well in spurts this game
SCARY TERRY TAKE IT BACK NOW YALL
Nothing but nylon baby, dick jusy always brings his a game 
Wow every fucking time they have an answer 
We look like the worst defense in the league. What is up with this piss poor effort on defense??
Harrell plz no more block
God this is frustrating to watch.
I hate how are defense sucks no hustle no effort 
Legitimately some terrible terrible calls in the 4th so far 
Why are you going behind the back Jaylen WHAT THE FUCK
Awful switch by Tatum...
Don't think the raptors remember how to lose... were fucked 
Laughable offense 
Uncontested layup and a literal phantom call on Horford. Shutting this game off now.
I'm sad. Someone cheer me up.
GUARD A FUCKING PICK AND ROLL
This is so frustrating my god 
oh god fucking damnit why are we like this
What a fucking trash game
Why the fuck did they wait so long to try hack a Jordan again
Of course he fucking makes them against us.
Guys I brought my valentines day bad luck with me,I'm sorry
I literally have to step outside for a smoke, this is disgusting 
Gassed the fuck out at the end, so frustrating. I'm upset as shit.
Zero effort Celtics, pretty disgusting.
Fucking terrible. Just terrible.
That was fucking disgraceful.
We look horrible, simply put..
I swear Tatum loses the ball on half of his drives. 
Ugh shut the fuck up about Pitino
Terry CAN run an offense, you are all WRONG
Jesus fucking christ. Now they're talking about college ball. Watch the fucking game or stop covering it.

There’s something seriously wrong with this team. 
Anybody else here can't stand these commentators? I am cringing every time I hear the guy with the raspy voice talk.  This is terrible.
Dick Vitale is the worst. 
Yo you gonna call a fucking foul for Theis or does he need to get stabbed?
This Lebron dick ride on every god damn national televised game, Jesus Christ.
The tangents these national TV broadcasters go on are unbearable. Are they even watching the game? 
That is a fucking bullshit phantom call...  What the actual fuck.
Dick Vitale sucks. There I said it 
I just turned on the game to see that dude shoving nachos down his throat...LOL
I'm tired of the loose 
Another game another bullshit foul called on Jaylen
At least they aren’t talking about the Cavs the whole fucking time
The Celtics should be going small when Deandre is in the game IMO. Make him guard outside the paint.
Are we just trying to brick our shots :(
We need to go to the fucking basket.
we need this all star break BAD
What the flying fuck is wrong with this team
Celtics defense has been terrible. Hard to watch. 
Hey guys, can we not get fucking handled for once.
What happens if the all star break passes and we’re still bad?
wtf was that
just fucking throwing the ball at the hoop
Morris always goes up so weak. 
Melrenzo is scary jacked, stands out every time
Dickie v keeps saying Harrell so weird 
Another home game another massive FT defecit and ref fuck job. 
Terrible defense
Also, why is our defense becoming so goddamn pathetic? 
We're getting torn up by fucking Gallinari. It's embarrassing

Holy shit another national tv game with announcers talking nothing about the game. Its been infuriatingly bad lately.
SCARY TERRY
SCARY TERRY THE WORLD IS YOURS
SCARY TERRY
Literally half blew the fucking whistle 
scary!
Scary. 
That’s why you got dickie V doing the game for a little hype after that Rozier shot 
DOWNRIGHT SCARY
This is almost a 20 point lead compared to usual
Why is buzzcut Spock commenting on the game
Tie ball game!
Skipped the 69 point mark on Valentine's Day. Never a good idea. 
Thats a stupid foul to give away, sell job or not
Anyone know where I can go to stream this game?
CP3 ISNT EVEN THERE ANYMORE FUCK OFF W THE LOBS
We’ve committed so many stupid fucking fouls
Another flop I fucking hate this guy
Is this a college basketball game?
fucking hell, this t shirt toss music is absolutely ingrained in my brain. need to start cutting the sound during timeouts :(
This refs need to chill. Seriously. 
These weak ass fouls. STOP REACHING.
That was such a stupid reach in
Everyone so lazy on defense. Terry wtf happened to you? 
Fuck man I hate close games.
jesus fuck
Fucking A. Anybody track our missed layups?
Mannix is already growing on me damn it, stop it, I wanna be sad about Tommy's departure :(
Brad angered DJ
Unbelievable...
What an ugly defensive game...
FUCK
Holy fucking shit what a stupid pass..
Ball game. Figure it out over the break guys. 
Just sad 
Do the Celtics know what a hard foul is?
horford has been god awful on defense this game
This is so frustrating. 
A FUCKING PICK AND ROLL
I’m disappointed in this game
We are bad. We need this all star break and we need it last week. 
Fuck this shit
Ugh we're playing like ass lately
Most pathetic defense I’ve seen 

FUCKING EMBARRASSING 
What the FUCK is Al doing? He has been awful
1-4 going into the break. Not great!
Fuck everything
I feel disgusting watching this team right now 
Tatum can’t hit a 3 until garbage time wtf
Game over 
Fuck this.
disgusting
Really good job guys, let Harrel of all people take over the fucking game. This team is in a bad bad spot and you're blind if you can't see it
Oh look another game another quarter where we're absolutely horrific on both ends. Missing wide open shot after shot and giving up layups dunks and wide open 3s
been watching a feed with all the arena happenings during the break... and goddamn the garden plays the worst fucking music at every turn.
garden needs to wake the fuck up
Tatum loses the handle on those drives a bit too often, gotta work on that.
Mark Jackson is awful and Dick Vitale should’ve retired five years ago. 
Can they shut the fudge up and talk about the damn game?
What an atrocious offensive possession.
Getting punked by the Clippers. Gotta be fucking kidding me.
Kyrie and Jayson had poor performances.  
Don’t blame refs, it’s lame.
We fucking suck
I want Tommy. Why the fuck is Dicky V on this game? 
That's a shooting foul??! Fuck this. 
Monroe is too slow to play passable defense from what we've seen.  Every time he just looks so lost on that end 
Who tf are the broadcasters for this game?
about to turn the game off. 
Is Tommy sick again 😯😯
not watching the game to hear you rave about a player on another team...
This defense is fucking Pathetic and the offense is nauseating 
Kyrie and Terry are a bad offensive pair
Game over 
Horrible offense and horrible defense. Awesome.
nothing but disappointment by this team.  
That heat check by Kyrie is such a terrible fucking shot. Led right to points as well. Play some damn defense for once
Monroe is unplayable 
Kyrie is annoying me atm. Shitty defence, not looking to get other guys going, forcing shots.
stone hands having a horrible game. But hey, at least he's "woke" right fam?
You spelt defense wrong 
I think too often he’s not in the flow of the game, he’s just looking to say one of his catch phrases.
Is he the one with the thick voice? God I can hardly hear a word he says
(three) Let's not be down by 25 this game
I got a couple replies before he made his Snapchat private :(
I can't stand it. It's almost ruining the game for me. It's so distracting. It's like when someone with you just talks through movies. 
speaking as someone who's watched the View a couple times... this is very insulting to The View.
omg i read this as they fucking fouled him again
Every team is tired man. 
They can prove him wrong by doing something about it in the second half
Not everybody. Terry is on it. Theis and Morris too.  I think Tatum looks tired but he is trying
He wasn't heating up.  Bad turn over.  Was slumping his shoulders.
DUDE ITS BAD
It is beyond brutal.
no, it has to be about the fucking pasta they ate last night and juvenile cancer. 
Cedric is a gem, I always listen if I gotta drive during a game
God I hate when we have to settle for that shot
I hate to make excuses, but a lot of this might have to do with his dislocated finger 
Homy Fuck its bad. They have no idea who is even playing. 
unban me from r/NBA 

our little secret 
save sad thoughts for later please
We'll play just the same. We said we needed the break after our heavily front loaded schedule prior to the London game and we've played our worst basketball since. Rest won't do shit bc teams have figured out how to defend our already limited offense.
Saw that. That was a tough rebound.
He got angry with Jaylen after that abysmal behind the back dribble attempt
it’s just one game no need to worry 
I can't watch the game yet (night classes blow), but giving up 34 seems worrying as well. Defense has been bad for a while now
It’s mannix and I wouldn’t say garbage but I do think he’s a bit boring 
He's a love/hate guy because he goes hot/cold. Takes on a lot of iso and tries contested shots. When it's a close game and he's cold it's frustrating to watch him waste possessions. Like he won't even think of passing he'll try to separate, won't get an open shot but try it anyways even with plenty of time on the shot clock.  
This just in! : Gordon Hayward will not be back this year :(
I hate having the refs as an excuse, but I feel like we are treated like a nobody small market team. Even in our building we seemingly never get breaks.


Then again, there are two sides to this stone and the opposing team will see differently.
I’m sorry, but he’s been dreadful this game. Maybe one of his worst games 
Paper bag makes stops sometimes at least. This is worse. 
While I agree with the sentiment and am not panicing about this team (if they play badly after the ASB then I'll re-evaluate) but Smart alone should not be the difference between giving up 100 points per game and giving up 130. 
Bingo! Marcus is so hated on at times but he brings so much. Holds everyone accountable he would be chirping at everyone tonight if he were out there 
Might as well have Shannon Sharpe and Nick Wright commentate fuck it
people were saying that after the london game when we had a break..
That sounds raunchy
Don’t you mean Hayward?
our defense is bad because they can push the ball in transition off the offensive bricks every time up the court
This sounds filthy
Leave then, we don’t need people with no loyalty in this fan base 
We aren't. The cracks of having a young team are showing and Smart had to be a fucking dumbass and punch a glass picture frame. What a fucking idiot
This is what everyone has been saying on repeat for the last 3 weeks, and I'm sick of it. If you're better than this than fucking play like you give a shit
Awful, but it's not.
It's their fucking fault 
At least we’re playing offense? Kinda?
Everyone mad Dicky V is commentating because they’re too young to know who he is and reddit hates change.
What the fuck is wrong with you
What game have you been watching?
why, so he can ignore literally everything happening on the court so that he can name drop a university from every state before the game is over?
Yeah it was a sad day 😭
AT THIS POINT IT WILL BE WORTH IT TO SEND A STATEMENT TO THE LEAGUE OFFICE

tired of being fucking dicked every game in the paint unable to get a call and they’re getting the softest shit
I just got home from class and I’m way too fucking tired to look for a stream so i just threw on ESPN (yuck)
I tune in to Bos games every now and then Bc Kyrie is my favorite player but GD I have yet to see Morris hit a GD shot. I haven't watched the entire game but he's bricking everything when I tune in. Insane 
All he does is angrily state what just happened 
Relax. Marcus is a big part of this team. Everyone’s emotional and upset... this was a bad loss but this was at our worst.
Does he really? Pathetic.
Or maybe cause he's weird and annoying
He has 2 posts. This one, and one wishing an ACL tear on a player. Some people are just broken, man
So he was 2 for 6 to start the game?  I don't think so.  Silly t.o. to DeAndre then scored on.  His body language was low Boxscores don't show you.
Man shut up, he is human at the end of the day shit happens, he got angry
But at least he has friends 
I don't think it should be. Just seen a lot of inadvertent ones called this season which is confusing. 
Usually exaggerated~
Fuck off. There's a difference between losing to controllable shit and the bullshit we're being put through right now. If you can't see the difference between bad play and bad officiating you're outright lying and you need to get this self righteous bullshit out of here 
Annoying? I can see that, how is he weird?
Kyrie wasn't rolling.  He was playing sloppy and unenthused.  Maybe Brad wanted to tell him something.
This is a waste of my time you crazy wrong BUT.  Peace be with you.
Who the fuck is Dan Lifshatz and why is he a fucking tool
Hold on a sec buddy, are you trying to suggest we're aggressive? We're not aggressive at all. Say that again and there will be severe fucking consequences. Now get out of here you dopey fuck and maybe next time you'll think before suggesting a sub is "aggressive".
Shut the fuck up
What the fuck did you just fucking say about Jaylen, you little bitch?
You been in a game or post game thread lately? 
Feel sorry for Ray, if he went he would've been hated on. He didn't and got hated on. He then got hated on for not posting to social media. Then he did post and still got abused. He can't win.
When you’re trying to move past the whole “selfish, me-first, abandoned-my-teammates” thing, it’s probably not a good look to skip your teammate’s jersey retirement because you were worried about how YOU would be received. 
Yeah if you are thinking about going and then just don't go then you didn't try that hard or even wanna go. If there was any a time for him to comeback it would be that night when everyone is overjoyed and we would all be celebrating Paul together. Ray blew it not going. 
Fuck. Ray. Allen.
How was Ray treated horribly by the front office? Because they floated him around in trade offers?  That constitutes horrible treatment now? 
He clearly cares what fans who hate him think because he has complained about it several time over the past year or two. 
Not nearly the same. I’m sick of this comparison 
I understand you’re a teenager, but Ray made that decision as a grown ass man. It’s a fucking sport, grow up. He didn’t fuck your mother. 
It was his fucking decision. He was going to get traded, fuck loyalty. 
wait what? 

That doesnt respond to what I said at all? 

I'm not blaming Ray Allen for skipping the ceremony. I'm saying that for a guy who clearly is pissed off about all the hate he gets, posting a picture of him golfing with George fucking Lopez on the day of the ceremony was really stupid and obviously going to rile up those same people. 

You responded by saying that Ray doesnt care about those people. To which I said, yeah he does, to which you responded by really angrily telling me that I would also care. 
Oops I sent that reply to wrong person. sorry I'll edit.
Wtf are you talking about with the NFL, [look at this list of retired numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_National_Football_League_retired_numbers)
Your 2nd paragraph is completely false. NFL can retire numbers whenever they want. Brett Favre just had his lame ass number retired by the Packers in the past few years. 
My bad didn't realize you have no idea what you're towng about and are just spewing nonsense, carry on
Yo why you gotta hate on everything anyone says? I'm going to go out on a limb and assume you're not an NBA talent scout. Maybe try tempering your "certainty."
Please learn what hating is btw before replying to me. Again tho just saying what scouts say so sorry for proving you two wrong (; 
Weird Celtics Twitter gives me life.  


What's the story? I have seen him popping up randomly and people referencing him but I don't know what the deal is.
Wait there are people who don’t know that Janos is just a Weird Twitter user who’s also on Celtics Twitter? 
cryptic much...watch it be something stupid
Gordon Hayward returning to the team? Maybe not playing but being at game?
hes so lame
Yep 100% will be something dumb
When I’m bored, I switch to my left hand too 😏
Did the other team know going into the game?
I don't think they knew he was going to play left-handed, but nontheless they did know (like all other teams) that they would get fucked
Put larry against dallas 2011 do they lose that series???
Shawn marion woulda been barbacue chicken.
not trashing the mods, but what's the logic behind allowing a streamable link but not a YT link?
I love kyrie, but this looks bad. Real bad. 
Actually pretty hyped. It feels less lame than Khazam and Buddy the basketball dog or whatever the fuck that thing was
It's not about some guy taking a basketballer's talents, so at least there's that
Even if it sucks I'll tell you I like it
Don't speak ill of Air Bud thank you.  That dog was a national treasure.
"Wait, we got drunk and made a movie?"
This is absolutely insane
No his number should not be retired, sorry
Yeah I don't think that means it's completely impossible. People's numbers have been retired while someone was wearing it, that person just changes numbers
People who dismiss the stats are just as bad as people who over rely on them. Also this sub needs to fuck off with their “I’m greater than thou because I’ve been watching basketball longer”. It’s fucking cringe inducing, get over yourself. 
Our offense was never good when it was Rondo leading it.
Their ads have become increasingly obnoxious lately. Especially as an out-of-tower I am very unlikely to list my home with Jason Mangioni.
How about that atrocious seatgeek ad they played for like a week. I muted the podcast when that ad played 
Hey man, the guys are just trying to make some money, and it’s not too hard to skip through an ad
That sucks if Bill Simmons is your Celtics source yeah
All of this discussion became irrelevant the night Hayward got injured.
Why does this fucking sub hate Ray Allen? We tried trading his ass and when he leaves us after the bullshit yall get so salty. Smh.
Yeah whatever Ray. Maybe show up for his god damn jersey retirement you petty fuck.
I can only speak for myself, but I always thought it was just overblown and Ray has always had a place in my heart. But not going to the ceremony left a bad taste in my mouth. I don't think an instagram post will make up for it
Cuz annoying behavior annoys people. Also Paul is a class act and has always been regarding this. 
Seriously?
He didn’t go to the ceremony because he wouldn’t have been welcome. Look at the hate in this sub that is a small portion of fans. Why put yourself through the wringer for people who hate you? The teammates he shared that year mostly hate him. Danny tried to trade him infinite times, leaving them on bad terms. Nobody has spoken to him other than pierce. 
I hate that definition
Kevin Durant is a fucking loser. That was the softest move ever in the history of sports him going to GS. 
I agree wholeheartedly. And the timing makes it all the worse... He's thinking about himself, not Pierce. 
NBA.com is FAKE NEWS.
Isn't Zarren also the cap expert? That man sounds like a fucking genius. I hope he he doesn't get snapped up by some team.
HS teammate broke his ankle. He was a varsity contributor before that. When he came back a few months later his handles and shot were insanely improved and he started the rest of the way. He said it was all the time he spent dribbling and shooting from the chair. 
Who the fuck is downvoting out cult leader Timi?! 
3/2-shit wrong meme 
He'll have 6 years of being a terrible shooter at that point.  Didn't improve in college and hasn't improved 4 years in the league this is what Marcus is.
He’s not mad, he’s disappointed. 
Fuck all the fans that dont like Greg before he even had an official practice. 
Why would anyone hate him, I don't understand...

He had one bad game for us but had a really good debut, so I don't understand why would you even hate him for his game.

Dude's a beast and a nice addition to our team.
larry bird.  before internet,  before sat tv,  even behind iron curtain. 

2012 ECF :( 
From SoCal and Laker fans are probably the most annoying, awful fanbase I've ever seen. It's just a bunch of delusional kids. I decided to find the anti-Lakers team 10+ years ago and here we are
From Connecticut and I hate all New York teams so celtics it was. 
Same. Although it does feel a bit weird seeing a leprechaun jump around.
Ah man. I’m so sorry.
so poignant...oh wait. People fawning over him for this is so laughable. How about spend more time on your handle and BBIQ Jaylen over setting up people with tech investors and bad quotes.
Well yeah for the Scary Terry I assume 
I was fucking disappointed with the pick, originally.

*Boy* was I wrong...
Were you disappointed with the pick itself or after seeing him play as a rookie? Just curious.
Bird 

Garnett


Bill

We don't need 5 guys, we'll just fuck em up  3v5.
IT
Ray
Pierce
Garnett 
Perkins 

2007 champions swapping rondo with IT...pretty nasty. 
Call me mad but I go: Bill, Hein, Pierce, Kyrie and Ainge 
That team is worse with IT.
Shit, my bad

Yes, unfortunately that's how it goes. He will be in year 2 of his contract next season. 
This is all kinds of stupid. Don't mock the OP for asking, and yes Hayward IS getting paid every dime this year
Pretty terrible joke
The disrespect for Pierce outside of Celtics fans is fucking shameful
KG and Antoine..maybe Rondo not sure 
Yeah it was real tough passing on a guy who wouldn’t work out for them and had a dad throwing hissy fits on ESPN if anyone other than the Lakers took him
This tweet is dumb. 
What a random tweet. Why are we upvoting this?
Yeah, this is a really dumb tweet.
This. a thousand times this. Lonzo wasn’t an option for anyone but the lakers so let’s not lose that in hindsight either. 

The Fultz situation is awful weird though, wish him success and hopefully his shoulder and shot issue is fixed soon.
It's so weird.  The post is upvoted. But all the upvoted comments are trashing the tweet
Do your fingers hurt from defending Fultz from the evil r/BostonCeltics 
I would recommend checking out some of the other teams' draft history before making silly statements like "worst drafter".  I mean look at the Kings (Robinson, McLemore, Stauskas, and Papagiannis among the worst).  That is some bad drafting.  I think most studies have shown that Ainge is an above-average drafter when you account for the draft slot.
Lonzo isn't. I feel sorry for the kid sometimes.
Fuck we should have taken him in the second round ^^^^/s
Ah I’m an idiot. 
Well you weren’t actually wrong that time, junior. 
It's insane. We are at the point where nosebleed back of the balcony is now almost if not the same price as the loge was two years ago. It makes sense prices are changing but yikes.
My seat prices per game have been like this the past couple years
72$
80$
Now 96$ next year
I expect this to be wonderfully awful 
I dont think it will be worse than eddie.
That’s my fucking President 
Of course he has a fucking Rolodex. God bless Jaylen
This is the guy that’s doing all the fucking.
Or the every game hustle
Maybe just get off our sub? Trolls are fucking annoying.
Kyrie was only out there for fucking 26 min?? 
Why tf was baynes covering Nance in the first place. Some of the match-ups we had in that second half were God awful 
We still have a shot. People are overreacting to one game.
Brad plans for the worst case scenario. I’d expect nothing less 
Pls comeback Hayward. Either our team is mentally challenged or Brad is not a good offensive coach. They don't even move on offense. 
> Brad plans for the worst case scenario

Which is good because this team gets themselves into a worse case scenario (being down by 20) every other game
Fuck Nick Wright he’s a CLOWN. 
I think even the people that are hopeful secretly know it's probably not going to happen.  
I hate the meme. They're putting pressure him to come back this year. He can't even jump yet but people expect him to play in a little over a month from now
He'll have a tough game then, get just three points. But then score 31 on 3/28
Anyone else not happy with how Monroe has
Played since coming to Boston? Guy looks completely lost and had a couple awful turnovers last night before Brad benched him
at least we have the clippers

they dont deserve to be here with us

LET'S EMBARRASS THEY ASS!
He looked awful yesterday. His defense...woof. Doesn’t close out on shooters, doesn’t stay with his man, and had that incredibly soft foul on LeBron. If you’re gonna foul him, then foul him. Don’t let him make his shot. 
My analysis of him after the Pacers game:

https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7wkvsu/comment/du15jiv?st=JDKC5RQ4&sh=cac9b31c


But Harden gets to the line like 10× a game. Kyrie kinda avoids contacts
i never knew i had the same birthday as bill russell wtf
Hopefully he tuned in after the game 
At some point, the Celtics need to learn how to start a game. They can't bank on 15-20 point at the start of the second half every game. This team is one of the worst first half teams out there. They just can't seem to get it going and always have to come from behind unless they are playing a bottom dweller. 
Thank God PP's ceremony was yesterday, otherwise I would have wanted to kill myself after that game 
London fucked us 
I'm still sad af! 
Monroe played horrible every minute he was in, he should have played less.
I think you're right on. That game was no real measurement for what this could be in the Playoffs. We were on a tight schedule with three games in four nights including one OT game. 
Kyrie is still somewhat on minutes-restriction. 
You were on the morale boost from the trade with players who wanted to show that they belong. 

LeBron played a pretty sick game, even though, I hated his show-boating when you were up by so much, that felt very unnecessary and played up for the cameras. 
Yup and now the sub is saying "the All-Star break will give us time to reflect and get rid of these bad game habits" 
I'd be cautious on praising our GM. He looked like a damn wizard the day after the Kyrie trade, but now we know that we actually lost that trade badly. Let's see what happens in ~2 months...
It's a love/hate relationship. Like you stated, when our offense/bench has gone cold and he's on, I like him alot. his iso scoring can be a real boost to our bench. But when he's off, he's frustrating as fuck. 
Dude sucks.  He’s a black hole for the ball.
I don’t remember his shots being bad ones. He was struggling to make them, just like everyone else was. 
/u/timi093 these are the post game interviews I was talking about.  any way to get these after every game?
My problem with this is we already know what GG looked like in Brad’s system and if he wasn’t hitting he was unplayable. The dude was tailored for the Rockets system. 
I think Gerald didn’t want to play for us, I feel like I heard something about that. Could be wrong though but I get what you mean
Well Gerald was really tight with IT, maybe the trade rubbed him the wrong way? I was wondering this at the time
Call me boy, kid, whatever the fuck you want. You're a delusional pompous moron if you think our offense is the best in the league. Literally one of the worst scoring teams all season long
If you werent even before the trades it wouldve been extremely naive
Why the fuck would he want to stay in Utah and never even sniff the finals? 
The things really let me down were the stupid turnovers and slack defense. These were all about attitude. The team was not into the game 100%.
Few days ago I commented that the Raptors was our worst game of the season so far, and I'm not happy to know that I was wronged so quickly. This game was horrid. 
I dare anybody to watch this video and then tell me fucking Ray Allen deserves this.

Let’s hope that argument dies today 
I'm not crying you fucking idiot fuck you.
Man. This was fucking unbelievable. I tried to post a video but for some reason it’s upside down. Being there brought tears to my eyes. 
Who's cutting onions?
You forgot Bergeron. :(
30 yrs??  Fuck you, that's...(Does math...carry the 2...)  Fuck.  Me.
It wasn't until now that I realised how weird giving Isaiah a video today would've been.
Can't tell if serious but Jaytum
....imma downvote myself for getting that wrong dw
>narrated by Tommy Heinsohn

Say no more
Unbelievable video
This is also acceptable. Tommy missing from the floor yesterday was sad.
Hey sorry to post this so late.. I had to whip out my laptop in a bar.. The Truth deserves his own thread... trying to distinguish this talk from that ugly game.
STOP CUTTING ONIONS 
Public reading is very difficult 😰
KG is fucking insane
Oh my god. Paul grabbing that trophy made me start crying real hard. 
They’re not even gonna show this vid? Wtf 
WHAT THE FUCK ESPN
tommy :'( 
Fuck this got me crying at a bar 
I’m actually crying wtf
Fucking onions. Fucking onions. 
I'd just like to say fuck r/nba. All of the threads about Paul are so disrespectful.
Fuck Comcast so hard 
anybody have a link where they're showing the vids, espn making me mad 
Man i want another title :(
Did they bring up his stabbing at all?  Weird thing to leave out unless I missed it.
No more audio?
Damn video keeps cutting out!
Common kG take the hood off and put a suit on 
Ty Lue fuck outta here
didn't want to hear from the lame ass owner congratulating himself for banner 17.  GTFO.

Are we ever going to be able to see the video montages?  Is it just me or does ESPN hate the celtics? all their dipshit analysts always shit on them (Kellerman, Windhorst, that fat lakers reporter, etc.)  They should be evicted from Bristol and just be relegated to their LA office.
I mean Lebron’s doing the post game talk in the dressing room, what else can he do?
At least we got to hear Tommy narrating.
I am frustrated right now
Definitely. If I was in this situation I would fail miserably. Guaranteed. 
That shit was so bad that today I actually took the step and unsubscribed from r/nba
SERIOUSLY I just yelled that at the TV. Morons. 
I need to know how he’s doing this and why. It looks awful hahah 
It definitley sucks, but at least you got to witness legends in their time man. We've got the memories. 
That was fucking disgraceful lads. Christ above. We move on.
14 points combined? Tatum and Brown need to step the fuck up.
Is anybody else getting tired of "It's just one game, we're onto the next one"

It's not one game when it happens every game.
Ordinarily I would have said we have 5 winnable games till we play the rockets.. But the way we are playing in 2018 I'm not sure whats a winnable game anymore..
Just some ugly, ugly shit
Just horrible. This loss is the worst of the season for me:

1.	Losing to Lebron is always annoying but doubly so when it’s by a big margin;
2.	It happened during Paul Pierce night; and
3.	It happened in front of other Celtics legends like the Chief and KG. I bet Bill Russell was watching it too. 

I think it was a mistake to let Morris start this game. He doesn’t work well with the starters and the lack of size gave Thompson the rhythm to play well which set the tone for Lebron’s forays towards the rim later in the game.

The team also misses Smart. It’s just a horrible situation right now. Tough. Just tough. 
Thank God for that crowd at the end to lift spirits at least a little bit, but holy hell what a pitiful effort on Paul Pierce night
This one right here has to be the wake-up call. Some of you will say it's over-reacting, but we've been in a terrible slump as of late. To lose this one, by 22 at home against a team that just got completely flipped upside down, *on the Truth's night*... Has to be the wakeup call. We need to beat LAC to get some momentum going into the break.
Anyone saying “it’s just one game” can fuck off
NBCSN WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS
Yo Comcast come the fuck on
NBCSN should be fucking ashamed for cutting out. Eat  fucking shit whoever made that decision.
Baynes has looked useless off the bench all year 
Just a shit game. Forget and move on. They shot the shit out of the ball.
Being banged up with Kyrie on minute restriction is killing us. Our defense looked really uninspired. Celtics gave them the opportunities and Cavs took advantage. Gotta tighten the bolts. Oh, and fuck r/nba.
Kyrie can you please pass the fucking ball
http://imgur.com/Podrg3T my face progression throughout the game
Pathetic.
Fuck this game. My stream died, HELP????!!!!!
Our offense is bad and ugly, it always ends up on hero ball.
Being our 4th game in 6 nights kinda sucked. Had a feeling we might not have our legs for this. 
You gotta be fucking kidding me
Seriously, 3 retired numbers showed up for the ceremony tonight?
Poor game all around. What I'd like to know is:

1. Where are the well placed time outs by the coach to get players heads back into the game.

2. Where is the ball movement on offense? Need the extra passes. 

And 

3. Where is the all out effort...been missing for 2-3 weeks at least.
The only positive of it all is the Lakers are so terrible that their fans have resorted to an r/nba circle jerk with Cavs and Raps fans. 
Kyrie not passing the ball much. Not letting everyone get involved. It’s frustrating to see him take crazy shots.(he makes them I know) but I mean you see brown,Tatum just standing there it just fucking sucks.
Usually I find a silver lining in every game but today I got nothing.. Had we lost against the wiz it would have been 2nd 4 game loss streak in a month!
Fucking pathetic. We're not suited to play well against the cavs, ever. We need smart back. 
Brown was ridiculously cold tonight
Also getting tired of the narrative that "ITS FINE TO BE DOWN BY 20 POINTS EVERY GAME, CAUSE WE ARE THE COMEBACK TEAM!!!"
I heard a bunch peeps going on about the refs...I'm like..THE REFS?!?!?!  Ref ain't jacking up bad shot and failing to cover wide open shooters or boxing out
Those are all valid reason for a bad game...doesn't mean I like what I saw but those are still valid reasons
to bad they are showing absolutely nothing of value

The theater on the Cavs bench re-fueled my hate for them. 
Fuck off.
I've been shitting on the grey jerseys since they leaked on 2K but I didn't hate seeing our guys play in them tonight. I mean, I did hate watching them play, but not because of the jerseys...

edit: apelling
It was the 3 show from everyone. Morris is the only one who showed up and he had some bad turnovers too.
It's not meant literally.

We look like we are out of gas and unable to do anything on both ends of the floor.
i dont live in boston :( 
nah just take a look at history the past few years and apply some common sense you'll see it.
They were hitting every single contested shot in the 2nd. We were also ice cold. I guess there's no nuance with people like you.
We’re not playing well and there are reasons we’re not. I’m not sure how it’s “excuses” unless you think we’re actually bad
I guess you don't spend time in game threads then.

There are comments like these on every thread, even today.
There have been a few lately that didn't go down to the wire. Like today, for instance.
There's no other difference in our lineup except for no smart and more rozier and our defense has been horrible and offense worse. So what's does that mean?
I don't know, considering how bad today was it's got to count for multiple losses at least.
With people like me?

You mean people who actually have a little brain and don't offer lame excuses every time we lose? Get over yourself.

offense is looking terrible tho, Smart not gonna fix that
trading trash you mean
Offense is real sloppy, but it’s easier to be bad on offense when your defense isn’t allowing a shit ton of points so you’re not forcing a bunch of threes and can actually run sets. 
Brad ball. He's like that mad chemist in the lab with his lineups. Like, he knows a little sprinkle of Nader and a dash of Semi will cause a bad chemical reaction but he just can't help himself.
Yea Oje is for defensive purposes, but god is he terrible on offense.  He just doesn't have an NBA 3.  His shot is so flat. 
There's a small difference between the minutes Thibs gives his guys and the 26 Kyrie got tonight.
No point in risking a cornerstone player getting injured if the game isn’t close 
Why would we risk some type of injury to Kyrie by playing him late when games aren't close? That'd be a totally pointless thing to do.
Where is the "crunch" in crunch time if a game isn't close?
I think we conceded the game. That was Kyrie’s usual rest time and there’s no point putting him in down 25 starting the 4th. 
Damn that was absolutely disgusting
What do you mean, the game ended after this play and we won.
I swear I've heard this twice now for the past couple months 
I wish he would of worn the Gatorade stained shirt from the 08 finals clinching BLOWOUT GAME
I fucking hate watching this team when they play like this.  Move the fucking ball, and figure out the switches on defense.  Part of it is missing shots but they gotta find the energy right now so they can get back in this game.  
Why the FUCK did the Jazz and Kings make those trades
Disgusting Boston fans cheering after the rim got injured by Horford!
This is that Raptors game all over again.

We need help.
I would say this game is a wake-up call for our team.

But this shit has been happening for a while now and it isn't stopping.
#FUCK YEAH KYRIE THE GARDEN IS INSANE RIGHT NOW
Absolutely pathetic defense 
This is fucking depressing. Gave Lebron one last time to shit on PP. What the fuck guys. The shitty effort by the team, whoever scheduled his retirement postgame. FUCK ALL Y'ALL. 
We've been awful as of late 
I hate how this team waits for the crowd to get loud before they start actually hustling. You should always be doing that. 
Fuck ESPN
I don’t understand...the Cavs are wide open on every attempt. Where is the fucking defense?
Fuck it, put Paul in
Fuck I actually like those gray jerseys, thought I'd hate them 
This commentary is fuckin embarrassing. 

“Let’s spend five minutes talking about Utah and Toronto. Oh also there’s a game going on here!”
Wow this team is playing worse than the game in Toronto. This is a damn shame. 
*turns off game*

*put on ps4*
Insane hustle play by Jaylen and of course Morris blows it with an unnecessary three 
This sub always turns to shit when we fall behind
Sorry for this miserable showing #34
anyone got a mike and tommy stream? I'm gonna shoot myself if I have to listen to Jackson and Van Gundy cry all game
We shouldn't be cheering LeBron getting hurt, that's not a good look 
#BREEN JUST SAID TERRY IS “DOWNRIGHT SCARY”
Request: a gif of Al slowly licking his lips in slomo as he goes up for the dunk
Holy shit Al almost broke the rim!
LeBron is fucking Wolverine it’s absurd 
Can we play some fucking defense please?
Celtics: go down by at least 10 literally every single game

Celtics fans: I can’t believe we are down by 10 points
This is absolutely pathetic. 0 effort on both ends. 
Brad fucking call a timeout jesus

God damn what I would do to sit behind KG at this game
Take always that weird 4 turnover stretch and we’re down 5-6 points. R-E-L-A-X
What an objectively bad call on Jaylen
This just in: LeBron + shooters lineups are literally impossible to defend 
Does JVG really not realize his commentary is atrocious?
This might be a dumb question but what is the black stripe on the Celtics jerseys? Does it represent something? 
I live for /r/nba hate
Hood looks like he'd fail third grade
celtics cant even expand lead with lebron out.. depressing 
That Rondo/Davis play was nasty. Should have been #1 imo.
Horford is gonna be the key to this game. Pulling out TT to become a perimeter defender will change this game
These fucking refs man, Tristan does that shit all game 
This is refball, fuck this shit 
this is so pathetic
Leagues worst defense vs leagues worst offense
"Fuck Paul Pierce"

- The 2017/18 Boston Celtics
Feel bad for Paul 
Can we please at least save this from being a blowout on Paul's night?
ESPN Fucking sucks man. 
Espn is trying so hard to be TNT
 I missed church just to watch this game. Maybe the Lord is telling me I should have gone. 
Is the abc broadcast terrible quality for anyone else? It’s such bad quality right now
For those who hate JVG/MJax on the call I highly recommend Nate Duncan and Danny Leroux calling the game on periscope  
Oh look the refs are fucking us and Morris turned an easy shot into a hard one. Must be a home game. 
The Cavs transition D is probably the worst I’ve ever seen
Oh god is this the game where Jeff green looks like an mvp candidate
Cavs fan downvoting everybody in the game thread?
Can we let Jaylen touch the ball he's been iced out of the offense all game
God damn Our 2nd qtrs are laughably bad
LeGoesoffagainstCelts is in the game
The Osman circlejerk is fucking pathetic. 
Fucking goddamn Morris. Put his ass on dribble restriction. 
I mean, Celtics aren't playing well or hard on either side of the court but the refs are not helping. Yikes! 
Fuck. Lebron. James. 
we cant lose on pauls fucking night
Cavs gonna end this game with fucking 40 FTAs and r/nba is gonna say how trash we are over this one game.  Refs need to fucking call this shit straight.
FUCK. THE. REFS.
Our defense is horrible
When is KG, Rondo, and Pierce getting in the game?!
Just show some fight. This is getting a little pathetic.
This defense looks so lost out there. Guys are not rotating properly, players getting stuck in impossible situations, it's almost like the cavs had an offensive gameplan
Nader is just... everything that can go wrong, does.
Why the fuck did Hayward have to get injured? Fuck my life.
The worst part is them putting Zizic in against us :( cherry on top
Are bench is sooooo tucking bad omg
Ugly game but I am in no worse a mood than before the game started.. Gotta root for a guy who I've watched since I was born. PIERCE 💚
The refs just called a fucking timeout for Lebron because he hurt his nail.
One of the worst things about this is I live in Australia so it's only 9:30am. After a loss like this I can't just go to bed and sleep it off, instead I have to go a whole day thinking about it :(
Absolutely ABHORRENT officiating today 
Dude these refs can eat a fucking diiiick how are Cavs getting home team treatment. 

Can we buy a call?
Are they going to call a foul on the cavs this game?
Larry Nance got his ankles broke so bad he had to blame the fucking court
attack the fucking basket instead of jacking 3s u cant make
man Cavs vs Warriors series again is going to be so boring 
I'd be pissed off if I paid money to see this game. 
This team deserves to be clowned for this game but man it’s gonna be annoying when people horribly overreact to this game but didn’t when Boston stomped Cleveland last time 
Shut the fuck up JVG. Nobody cares about you dumb fucking opinions. 
Is the ceremony after the game?
Ew wtf ABC this looks like garbage
2 bad calls in a row
This interview is idiotic they keep missing plays.
i dont like complaining about the refs but they've been awful so far
Bros JVG is awful
Fucking hate how well Jeff Green has been playing for Cleveland
#Need to get Jaylen in the game 
I want kg to get so caught up in the game he head-butts the padding behind the basket. 
Dudes eating the fuck out of that pizza 
Jesus Christ, can we complete a fucking pass?
Bron Bron missed his dunk so gotta award him the fake foul. Fuck off refs 
Monroe looked awful. I was disappointed, I thought we’d get him in earlier in those lineups without any Cleveland bigs. 
This is pathetic, wide open 3 then Four guys watching their guy grab the board
Wtf are these fouls
WTF you cant foul the ball
FUCK. THE. REFS.
Jaylen pathetic settling for 3s
phew that was scary, last thing we need is an injured horf daddy
Fuck this is frustrating.  
WHAT THE FUCK ARE THOSE CALLS ????????
WHY IS OUR OFFENSE SO BAD????
Everyone's afraid to shoot now...and Kyrie is missing wide open shots. This fucking sucks
holy crap take it inside the paint 
Looking bad. Wish we had Hayward. Cavs hitting everything.
Games like this are hard to watch. We’re just letting them do whatever they want 
This is pathetic
Literally the same play over and over and we have no idea it's coming. This is sad.
My new heroes are playing shit in front of my teenage hero. :(
After this game:

WHAT? PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE BRAD IS EVOLVING?

PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE BRAD EVOLVED TO PISSED OFF BRAD!
#Looking at Paul Pierce- Awkward 
I feel sorry for all those who paid $500-1,000 for average seats to this game... granted it was mainly for The Truth, but still.
Fuck I wanted Hood
I’m fucking sick
This is a fucking disgrace.
Garbage time with eight minutes left. Fucking horrible.
They dont even have to move on defense because we just keep taking contested shots for some stupid reason
Sorry Paul 
JVG has been awful these last 10 minutes 
Should have just had the ceremony before the game.. Can't believe we are subjecting our legends to this trash performance
Fucks wrong with yall cheering about that injury yall should be ashamed of yourselves
I hope everyone in here rooting for a LeBron injury suffers whatever injury they wish upon him. Show some fucking respect.
Im so sick of watching Marcus Morris let guys shoot wide open jumpers without even trying to contest. Guys a hack.
#IF WE TAKE ANOTHER THREE FUCKING JESUS
They deserve to be booed. Stop leaving the fucking 3 point line wide open.
Yeah can we uh save the Pierce stuff for another game and pretend this one never happened?
Arguing with Cleveland fans is like arguing with   a 5th grader. They are a dumb bunch. 
I’m so sick of Lebron and his rabid, obnoxious cult.
And just like that they've given up. This fucking team 
Lowkey pissed at Smart for being an idiot and fucking the team over.
This is just shitty man. I know we aren’t this bad. I know the Cavs aren’t this good. Just a disappointing game.
I can’t believe Brad continues to put up with this shit effort game after game.
If I could only go to one game for the rest of my life it'd be a tie between this game and game 7 of the finals this year when Jayson Tatum scores 40 points and leads us to banner 18.
Holy fuck I didn't realize Kyrie was shooting 49% this year that's crazy.
WTF are these jerseys.
THIS GAME IS GONNA BE FUCKIN LIT
Atmosphere is Crazy
This crowd is hype as fuck
I hate playing the Cleveland LeRefs
TT sets some really ugly screens
I hate Morris so much when he doesnt make shots
The energy in the arena must be crazy in person
What the fuck ABC
Lebron casually helps kyrie up while walking by made me chuckle after the Cavs debacle where no one helps IT up earlier this season 
Terrible call on baynes 
Fucking refs killing us
These calls are getting ridiculous. 
Don’t tell me there’s another star injury this season. FUCK NO. This season is bullshit man 
Jeff Green is just a poor man's Jaylen Brown.
At least Terry has a ton of hustle
PAPA FUCKING HORFORD
That was sick
Oh boy time for us to fucking meltdown like we do every game
Our perimeter defense needs serious help
Jesus if you’re gonna blatantly foul Lebron to stop the play can you not let him get the bunny shot off? For fucks sakeZ
Monroe's defense is horrific.
That's the worst foul of all time 
Fuck off Lebron
Monroe is too slow to guard LeBron, put Jaylen on him Brad!!
Monroe is so fucking slow
Refs are fucking blind
Pathetic
Holy fuck we are down 10 Jesus Christ 
FUCK YOU OSMAN YOU FUCKING IDIOT
Pathetic
We've looked awful the past few weeks
These runs against us are terrible. Hopefully in the playoffs Brad utilizes timeouts. 
Fuck the refs.  Call the foul or not, you bum
Stop it with the fucking moaning already. 
Theis gets no love from the refs
Daniel Theis doesn’t give a fuck if it’s LeBron James or Rick James he’s contesting that shit
This is fucking appalling
This might be the worst our defense has played all season..
Man fuck these refs 
Oh my fucking god these refs
Holy fuck these commentators blow
Are you fucking kidding me? We can't keep up
This is fucking pathetic... 
Fuck these shit refs!
Fuck you Lebron
Shut the fuck up mark
 I know we had him for all of 5 minutes, but I miss Hayward so bad 😞
Well this game is over.
Fucking A.
Our offense has been atrocious for awhile now
Something needs to happen over All-Star break. The season is far from over, but we gotta fix these stupid mistakes before it turns into a habit. The last games this past week have been atrocious. 
Stop with the fucking 3’s
Living and dying by the 3 is idiotic when you don't have pinpoint shooters all over your roster like the Warriors
JAYLEN BROWN HASNT FUCKING SCORED
Nader sucks, semi sucks, what are they doing in the game
i bet monroe wishes he went to the pelicans instead. this is fucking pathetic.
Monroe is real slow. He’s not an answer to anything. We needed a shooter. 
I’m hiding the shit out of that r/nba post game thread.
This team has no business even *thinking* about a finals run the way they've been playing. Fucking lethargic, uninspired basketball. Wow.
Don’t fucking yank Kyrie you bald cunt
Morris's possessions always look like a bad version of Kyrie's possessions
Van gundy. No one gives a flying fuck about arm wrestling you weird little man. 
Turn this shit game off 
Undoubtably the worst game of our season. And we lost to the Bulls....
God our offense is terrible. Been terrible all season. Ainge should have gotten a scorer at the deadline.
Absolutely pathetic, just plain pathetic. Hey Brad how about you call someone out for once instead of being so fucking soft? Fuck you 
Hate to say it, but we have to pin this loss on u/fongos

Theis clearly not able to play his role:

Coming in in 4th quarter and overcoming 27 point lead.


Fuck JVG. I hope the crowd boos louder.
Horford blowing past Nance for the dunk 🙌🏼
If Gordon doesn't make it back this season, there's no way the Celtics even make it to the ECF. Horrible showing
LMAO...refs are fucking blind.
#[I am tired these bad perform for Nba #Celtics](https://twitter.com/isjanosnba/status/962802018489282560)
This is fucking embarrassing. They can’t keep having to make double digit comebacks every fucking game.
This is pathetic on a whole new level. Terrible defense and a bunch of guys trying to do it themselves on offense. Brad needs to get control over the team, and start having shorter leashes. 


I hope they keep putting it on us. We need a wake up call. Just feel bad for Paul. 
oh no there's the meme, pierce's sad face
Embarrassing game tonight.
Seriously how does KG keep the half hood on his head?
Holy fuck shut up already JVG nobody gives a shit about your opinions
That ABC video was lit as fuck 
Fuck yeah KI
That Terk is ugly af 
#NO MORE IN GAME INTERVIEWS
Watch this be the one game this year JR Smith plays well, smh
Here we go back to back bad calls going to cavs favor 
fucking Zebras not calling shit for C's but not allowing them to touch the Cavs
Jesus christ, I fucking hate national coverage basketball. 
I hate ESPNs coverage 
Kyrie with the FUCK YOU 3
Oh shit wonder how bad that ankle is
Too bad! Guess Mark and company shouldn't be vomiting Cavs.
JR playing like prime D wade wtf
Celtics d is irrelevant for the past 5-6 games
Poor Al lived his nightmare and got hit with the basketball after a shot
#THIS IS WHY WE PUT KYRIE IN THE GAME
#WERE COLD SO LETS GIVE JB SOME TOUCHES DAM
Guys I talked so much shit in /r/nba I cant afford for the Celtics to lose this game
Fuck off with this shit.
Wtf Horford 
fuck, 3 to's in a row
We suck :(
WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE DOING?!
Brad Stevens, what the fuck have you been doing with this team?
Fucking dumbass turnovers 
What the fuck are we doing?

Is this how you came to play for Pierce, fuck off.
Dont know why everyone in the media has been raving about our defense. Its been ass lately.
And they wouldn't have called the foul if it went in... Refs have seriously been fucking us today
Jesus fucking Christ can the refs not call a foul on every possession 
Why is it impossible to complete a pass?
Turning the ball over way too much. Sloppy.
Horrible end to the half. I'm at the game and want to go down there and help the team not turn the ball over.
Stupid question but did they retirement ceremony already happen? I thought it was supposed to be before the game but there is not video of it up yet.
Another awful call
Lebron was so mad on that break
KG is gonna rush one of these refs before the game is through
Fuck JR Smith. Literally only makes impossible bullshit
This offense is terrible right now.
Oh fuck this BULLSHIT
This team is so annoying sometimes
Brad get t'ed up this is fucking ridiculous. 
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK





FUCK THIS BULLSHIT
This is hard to watch.
Morris defense looks lost... stay on fucking LeBron

Offensively key to this wack ball movement tho
Awful on both sides of the court right now
Yep, still hate NBA refs. 
Wtf
This game is over
Jesus I can't watch this game even when we drive we can't get it to sit in the rim without a turnover.
What an awful week...ugh. Getting routed by the Raptors and Cavs
At least we scored 69.
Absolutely fucking pathetic.


The game to this point is one of the worst I've ever seen from a team this talented.
Get Semi the fuck outta here
This has got to be the worst jersey retirement in the history of sports
hopefully this will be the celtics bad taste in their mouth that creates a turn around
We are playing like the worst team in the NBA tonight 
This is just a nightmare game. Sorry Truth
What a pathetic last week of performances.
I hate open 3s!
Please D up?
I wish this stream would show the big screen and not some random fans...
Alright this fan base is fucking cancer right now. I’ll come back if the game gets close
I fucking hate SEMI can’t remember the last 3P FG he made!
#I hate when they try to create a narrative like the cavs weren't just a shitty reality tv show team 
Pauls son gotta take a shit real bad 
Fuck you Lebron 
It's so hard to watch this team
Pathetic, in no universe should we be playing like this against a team who has 4 new players playing in their very first game together. This team has been pretty bad for a couple weeks now.
Brad is bae but it’s frustrating that Kyrie plays so little minutes when others can’t score. Also Cleveland has zero interior defense and Kyrie is 100% on two-pointers today, let him fucking attack the paint until Cleveland does something to stop him. Don’t play him off-ball that much. 
Why wait until the game is over to show the slightest shred of effort wtf
At least we still won the Kyrie trade 
And from Akron Ohio. Small forward and your newest houston rocket, no 6, lebronnn James. 
Tough to want to keep watching when it looks like they are mailing it in
It's not just the high amount of 3 point attempts guys. It's the inability to make them. We just suck at shooting 3s period. Combine that with the inability to generate offense outside of Kyrie it's just awful to watch.
Cavs have the worst defense in the league and were 0-7 in national TV games before today. Fucking embarrassing.
I don’t think it’s impossible to beat this team. Raptors probably will beat them 
Marcus fucked us over. Notice how our defensive unit has looked like garbage since he went out. 
Are we staying in here for the retirement ceremony or moving to a post game thread?
Oh for fucks sake drive to the fucking basket. 6 for 26 from 3 means its obviously not working.
I don't know what Danny was thinking not trading the fucking 27th pick for Tyreke. We needed offense.
Fuck LeBron giggling like a little bitch
a disgusting and humuliating game.
You tell me if theres something wrong with this picture:

Terry Rozier - 13 shots

Marcus Morris - 12 shots

Jayson Tatum - 11 shots

Jaylen Brown - 9 shots

Al Horford - 8 shots
"Cheering for an injury" shut the fuck up. Nobody's cheering for an injury, but we can start if you want. Whiny bitches.
How the fuck is brad losing to tyronn fucking lue
LeBron is such a phony fucking tool
This team is playing like cowards. Awful to watch. 
This feels like a game where we collapse as soon as the bench comes in
Semi has gotten worse throughout the year on offense. 
Our perimeter defense off screens is still awful
Brad needs to discipline this stupid ass team. It's the same thing every game.
What an awful fucking quarter. 
Having a different(sometimes negative) opinion is not Trolling.
We are so fucking bad man

Smart and Hayward wya
Turning the game off. This is insufferable to watch 
Obviously this performance is pathetic but 3 game’s in 4 days is fucking tough. Had to do that in high school and it was fucking exhausting man. 
This game makes me sad
This Marcus fault fucking up the rotation 
This team is fucking pathetic rn... every fucking game we go down big. We look so fucking bad on defense... 
I hate how reactionary this sub is ...
why the fuck was kyrie on the bench for so long?  I'm getting very tired of all these shitty lineups.
Fuck LeBron James. 
I'm so sick of this team shitting the bed without fail
Thompson fouls the fuck outa everyone 
Oh go fuck yourself JR
Wtf was that
I hate everyone in here that hates Marcus Morris because those people are braindead 
I hate the cavs coach's face. 
Semi is so bad on offense. 
Can’t believe nbc Boston doesn’t have this game. Least ABC could do is not focus on the Cavs for Pierce’s Jersey retirement game. Unbelievable that Altman has to tell them to let us watch the game instead of talking about his team.
Baynes can't keep up with the pace of this game.
Clarkson is jumping all over us. Stupid ass mistakes.
Oh my god fucking go inside and stop shooting 3s all day
I'm so sick of our small ball style
Rozier cold from 3 tonight
Just joined the game. How are we doing? 
wtf jaylen
Again Moose bad D under rim... didn't even face JR
Monroe might be the worst defensive big man in the league. This is ugly.
We need Smart back so bad. Our defensive intensity is so much worse without him.
tatums been missing a lot of lay ups as of late
Horford, what the fuck?
Celtics just tired we need the all star break. I mean we have 3 games over Toronto and other teams. 
This team is fucking ice cold
ohoh go fuck yourself cavs
giving up uncontested dunks on pauls night, at least foul that man come on
Holy shit we are horrible though 
Wtf are we doing
What the fuck are we doing
Monroe the fuck are you doing
What the fuck is this passing???
DID THIS TEAM FORGET HOW TO FUCKING PASS
WHAT 

THE 

FUCK

ARE WE DOING
Holy fuck
What the fuck are we doing
OH MY FUCKING GOD THIS COLLAPSE
What the fuck is going on? Are we throwing the game or something?
Jesus guys, 3 terrible fucking passes back to back? Really?
Is this team drunk?
The defense went to shit when monroe came in...surprise!
Wtf are they doing?
Ummmmm, what the fuck are you guys doing out there? 
PATHETIC effort by Tatum


So fucking weak
Alright looks like we're gonna go down 20 a bit later in the game than we usually do
The moment LeBron came back into the game our effort went down the drain. Fuck this shit
Brad should had called a timeout 2 minutes ago. Tired of the lack of timeouts 
another dumb turnover yay!
Sick of these turnovers man. 
The fucking turnovers
Absolutely pathetic second quarter...again.
That wasnt a moving fucking screen
Stop fucking shooting
They’re making everything and getting every call when they miss. Gonna be a tough night when that shit happens.
What a fucking flop
holy crap jaylen do something useful on offense 
This making me sad 
From the Cavs' perspective, they came into this game with zero pressure. A brand new team just being thrown into the fire on the road for a nationally televised game? Everyone expects them to look like ass. They're playing loose because they don't *need* this game.
Fuck Rozier
Holy crap we got guys who don’t want to shoot 
This sucks 
This is worst case scenario shit
FUCK BRICK AFTER BRICK
I'm sorry but Brad's lineups suck. He can coach players but he can't rotate them.
Our offense has looked sooooooo bad since line 2 minutes into the 1st Q :(
this is getting as bad as last years playoffs series 
This is turning into a fucking joke
Can't even make a fucking layup Jesus
ITS THE FUCKING EAST FINALS AGAIN.
we are not very good are we..
ah, another quarter of marcus morris and terry rozier iso's and missed layups. SIGN ME THE FUCK UP!

Pathetic defense today 
This winter is awful let's just get to the all star break aight
Holy hell please wake the fuck up. 
What's worse than a 15 point deficit, a 26 point deficit
How the fuck are we the 2 seed. We’ve looked abysmal these past few weeks
This is abysmal! On the Truth's night and me in Kansas pierce jersey. Fuck this shit
This is ugly. 
Fucking disgraceful.
Refs are blind
We will never win games giving up 30 point a quarter
We. Look. Horrible. 
We are shooting 25% worse from 3 than the Cavs
Opposing team trolls brigading here as usual
Fuck Nance and his dad. 
I won't forget this game, this team disappointed me soooo much today
Why the fuck we keep shooting 3s
I wonder what Bill Russell thinks of our effort this game
I wanna see Tommy :(
Did Lebron suck some mean dick before the game or what 
LeBron James has a real slappable face.  I hate you
fucking hell man. We are never going to beat the Cavs are we
I cannot wait for sad LeBron vs the Warriors... it’s the only thing that gives me solace 
And stay the fuck down lbj. 
HOLY SHIT WHOS GONNA REPLACE LEBRON IN THE ALL STAR GAME
korver is scum of the earth
I honestly hate these fucking interviews 
Oh my god guys look hes crying!!!
Monroe has been terrible so far 
It's the regular season, relax. Doesn't make up for boneheaded mistakes and questionable coaching decisions... but sheesh. 
No defense, no hustle on rebounds, sloppy offense. 
Jaylen/Tatum have looked every bit their age tonight, unfortunately.  We couldn't expect them to play like vets forever
where's the ball movement? Where's the deadly two man game between kyrie and horford? Where's our 3 point shooting? Where's the drive and kick leading to corner three's? WHERE'S OUR FUCKING OFFENSE GONE?? 
When Jaylen has a bad night it’s REALLY bad
Little late to start giving a shit guys.
Who the fuck schedule PP night against Lebron. This is fucking garbage. 
At least level somebody. Show that you're not okay with what's gone on. Create some bad blood.

On second thought, maybe not on Pierce day. But still.
Nader is terrible. 
Play some fucking defense holy shit
Fuck you Lebron
Greg Monroe is terrible defensively 
I'll be the one to say though kyrie is carrying our ass offensively his fucking antics where he's taking every fucking shot like Lebron instead of facilitating ruins are rhythm and flow offensively 
You deserve to fucking miss u fucking cuntbag
So if the fans give up on the game they would be fake fans but this team gave up before the opening tip so what does that make them?
Put a body on a shot and stop giving the ball to horrible shooters 
Hopefully Brad will step it up here

I blame him for the Pacers loss and it seems like he is saying fuck it this game too and just letting the team figure it out for themselves. 
Lebrons bitch ass is still mad about how Pierce used to son him so he plays his hardest in Boston every season. Such a sore loser and winner.
#CLEVELAND IS NOT BETTER NOW AND arent  FAVORITES IN IN THE EAST
This is just fucking pathetic. Show some effort you lazy fucks.
the cleveland hype after this game is gonna be cringe
Monroe sucks
Lazy on the defensive end, careless on the offensive end. No energy when 34 goes up? Embarrassing. Brad needed to call a timeout in the middle of that run and tell them they can't afford to do this again.
Too close for comfort. The Cavs always play us tough and its annoying.
God the tempo of the game is so slow because of all the timeouts
Rodney Hood is gonna be a serious problem for us
8 last points of cavs cause of bad def by moose
Holy FUCK Monroe is awful.
Our defense is at a pathetic place right now 
Lebron is trying too hard.  
Did something happen to this team while we weren't watching the look so bad
Holy fuck Baynes is bad
CUT SEMI. DUDE FUCKING BLOWS 
This game hurts but in no way does this define the rest of our season. My head is fucking up Godamnit. 
Fuck i missed the retirement ceremony??? Anyone have the video?
We fucked up before the FA deadline
Our bench is so fucking trash
Idc Rozier made it, he shoots evey fucking shot man smh 
Fuck Jeff Green
God Rozier is hard to watch sometimes 
hey guys why is TD garden not cheering and booing like they were at the start of the game?
Pathetic effort again..... just make thr shot Tatum.... 
Jesus fucking Christ this team is awful. It’s Irving offense and no one on d, fuck the Celtics. 
Monroe seems to move in slow motion
Morris is so bad please waive him. 
Horford is the worst rebounding big in the league and looks like an old man when he runs
This game is embarrassing 
Pathetic.
Rozier is garbage. You guys legit got fooled by a 3 game stretch. 
Has Semi ever hit a three in his life? Dude fucking sucks 
So now that Jaylen Brown is 0-5 from the floor and 0-3 from deep am I still crazy for saying I can't stand seeing him on the court?
Hope Lebron leg gives out like the way he injured Hayward, dirty, thug player Lebron 

Edit: you’re all soft, fuck Bron, Kyrie is king now 
ESPN app or ESPN streaming online. you need an acct.  
(on mobile, sorry if this is a repost)
Might as well shave it all of before it gets worse
Lmfao holy fuck 
you call this a game? what are they gonna talk about the Celtics getting fucking reamed?
well the game is slipping .. 
Facts.  Game of runs.
You’re not alone. Warriors sub is a shitshow if we fall behind a couple of buckets. 
wtf how is it not?? he was literally walking around and stepped into Jayson
If I gotta hear marc Jackson talk during the playoffs then I'm gonna blow my fucking head off
agreed seeing any player in pain is difficult to watch
I get baked for almost every game
Without fail 
I don’t. I wouldn’t care less about this game if I was him, at the end of the day it’s his night. 
Every Cavs game is in Cleveland from the refs perspective 
idk if we can score 100 in this game.
He’s not though, he’s posted in this game thread
Remember when Morris got elbowed in he head by Beasley and there was no foul or referee stoppage. I hate this league sometimes. 
Broke a nail, you mean.
What they don't realize is that we've been garbage lately
Everyday. Almost every star player has spoken out about how bad its been.
National game
They all hate us so much
It's almost as if there is an event after the game and it is only 5:30 and not a night game
Small sample size, not worried
The eye test matches those numbers. He’s real slow defending the pick. 
Duuude yes, I hate that ad with a burning passion. “Get one for your boo!”
He seems like he gives less of a shit then them, he has been just letting teams run the score up on us lately 
tbh its the awful body language that's concerning
This has nothing to do with the refs. We're getting outplayed in every facet of the game. 
I hate when fans act like that. I understand being frustrated,but stop acting like bandwagoners
Fuck the dudes wishing for injuries on Lebron but also fuck Lebron
> Announcers are literally slurping off every play


What's new? The fawning over Osman is fucking embarrassing. 
It's fucking insane... That place is a circlejerk rn
Absolute garbage in that sub. Pathetic
Yeah and they will if we don't get our dumb shit together 
Let the fucking game finish.  Have you watched this year? 
But Celtics fans were cheering the injury! We’re clearly worse than the KKK! /s
Fuck LeBronies. And these same people hate on Brady, an actual GOAT.
You get an Upvote because this is funny in a horrific way 
Fuck
It's hard to when Marcus Moron is on the floor auto chucking every time. 
Jeff Green revenge game
To make it a close game 
Seriously?!?

Unfortunately he had to be a dumbass and punch a picture frame
Ya and hes a fucking idiot.
His lack of coaching lately is troubling 
It’s crazy what effort and improved spirits will do for a team 
Scary ass
seriously
Was expecting this, severly disappointed.
You're either a fake fan or this is your first game.
Who in the fuck was cheering? Didn't hear a thing. 
The shit emoji is definitely how I would describe this game.
It's only on ABC unfortunately :( the pregame stuff and halftime and the ceremony are all on the NBCSB so idk
It’s post game bro
After the game 
After the game
No, after the game
It's after the game
Wtf I was so hyped and now I can’t watch it
Don't listen to fucking ESPN they got worse
Some people are frustrated, others are flat out trolling.
Already sick of hearing about him seriously
I hate you but that was funny
This game doesn’t even pass the eye test. They look like shit without even looking at the stats 
Yeah just Jaylen somehow? Fucking christ. 
Because a draft pick for a rental is a stupid move to make unless you're a frontrunner for the championship.
They deserve it. Horrible effort on both ends of the floor tonight. No excuse for that.
They're booing the questionable d and weird ass 3s. K probably would too if I had paid off my ass to watch this in frigid weather. 
Luck has zero to do with this game when you play with no effort it shows.
Is it really a collapse if Lebron is hitting insane shots?
He refuses to make any adjustments its annoying 
Hahahahahhaha shut up man... Don't be so Melo dramatic
When all of there comments are 100% negative yeah it is
lower leg injuries too so the camera will zoom in on his ugly ass shoes
Under. Ppl wouldn't take it seriously anymore after 3
It's honestly sad. 
Fuck lbj. 
I mean, I don’t like LeBron either. But you got to appreciate the greatness. Give credit where credit is due. 
He sucks
Hell no lol stfu 
He shoots threes *badly*
What's the point.. Game is long gone
Because he was really bad when he was out there in 2nd
I get being frustrated with the team just not even showing up, but people saying get rid of Tatum and Brown and blah blah blah is mindblowing to me.
One game
Pathetic excuse
Shut the fuck up
Don’t be mean to Doris :(
yeah damn, let’s all overreact to one game 😩
What does that even mean? What franchise hasn't booed players when they've underperform for stretch?
Go fuck yourself with a rusty fork
as a celtics fan go fuck yourself 
Celtics are fucking garbage though
As a Raptors fan you're basically a closet Cavs/LeBron fan anyway so why is it unsettling? 
Yeah but dude this isn’t even our “team.” After Hayward went down everyone said we’d be terrible. Anything after that is just gravy.
There's the door, fuck you too buddy
I can't imagine having so much time on my hands that I feel the need to go comment on another teams game thread. Must be obsessed with us
Please go away. Your anti brad shit is so fucking annoying.
The fuck you watching?
Go fuck yourself dude.
you're pathetic
Not until after the game. 6:30
It's after the game.
the fact that you just called other people sheep shows how stupid what your saying is
He's not injured, nor do we give a fuck
The fuck you on about? People were cheering for the charge call and that's about it. 
its 3 minutes into the 2nd quarter.. fucking relax. 
Shut the fuck up
Is it hard having this level of autism?
Shut the fuck up
Poor attempt to troll. 
See, you stupid shit, he’s back on the court.
I can’t believe all the idiots are spreading this crap
Fuck off, twat. 
They were cheering because of the charge you dopey fuck.
Fuck off
Sorry you choke on his dick
Lmfaoo Cavs so bad even their fans change teams 
The people at the Garden?  Moron, they cheered the offensive foul, not the injury.
Sadly, this man is back
Congrats on being dumb 
*sucks at shooting 3s
DRose is not a good player don’t give me that 
Must be tough watching basketball when you’re blind 
Fuck off
Game osnt over yet troll 
Seriously dude? Wishing harm on another person? And Hayward's injury was a freak accident, LeBron didn't break his leg. 
nah, fuck you
Fuck off
Fucking what. Fuck off
Is this game also known as “Let’s be dumb on Reddit”
I think you may be overreacting quite a bit. Everyone is playing bad 
Mods ban this idiot please
we’re gonna be talking hella shit after the game too, fuck you mean?
Hella is a stupid word 
I’ll give you creativity points. But still. Fuck you. 
You tried hard, y'failed.
Oh fuck I hate my life again 
Classier than brigading our sub. Fuck off
Go back to whayever hole you crawled out of. Rooting for injuries is fucked up.
Wishing for bad things to happen to scummy people makes me a hipocrite? K pal.
Seriously though.!
Seriously, this is gonna be the most depressing retirement ceremony if this continues.  :(
Cedi is a fucking bum, get the fuck lost bitch.  Lebron gonna leave your ass
Semi was in all game
seriously. hes fucking garbage.
Doesn't mean I can't say FUCK LEBRON JAMES 
 Agreed but this is still a terrible loss the cavs have barely played together there’s no reason we should look like this.
For a game or two, yeah. They won’t beat that Warriors team in a 7game series. Neither will the Cavs. 
Yeah, not talking about that, trolls can get fucked. I just can't stand how some people here are allergic to any frustration and act appalled that a fan of a sports team would question their effort. Being inherently positive and making excuses does not a 'real fan' make.
I didn't know the refs make us miss 3s?

Just because people are commenting on the officiating doesn't mean people think that's solely the reason. Get your head out of your ass
Third  game in the past week with 20+ point deficits 
Mediocre. Not major improvements.
That’s what I fucking said 
That too but we cannot make fucking shit today it’s so dumb
Fuck you weve barely been .5 in the past 3 weeks you fucking idiot
Hmm idk maybe in the beginning of the game get excited when they were up or maybe someone should be going off on the team. Do fucking somethin 
Still fucking blows dick
one strip doesnt make him a non bad defender
So you're fine with the team deciding to just not try for the first 35 minutes of the game? It's pretty fucking insulting that the teams thinks this is acceptable. Some people payed thousands to be there and the team decided to stay in bed? Fuck that. I'm going to call them out because I have standards on how my team plays. It's like Rondo said. This isn't fucking Phoenix, this is Boston. Act like it.
The way they have the past month...badly
He defended that badly regardless of the others mistakes
Yeah after winning 6 games out of the last 20, one bad game and you "fans" are fake as shit

Playing like shit and actually being shit are different. They’ve played laughably horrible and gone .500, to me, that’s something to be optimistic about 
Troll who? Stfu ur stupid 
I got one, calling out bitches who talk hella shit and then get fucked. 
So do you think Brad Stevens is not a good coach?
Hes worse than Brown, Tatum and Horford.
Very frustrating game. We know we struggle offensively but to let them go over 120 points clearly shows we let them do whatever they wanted.
For reals.  Man I wanted you guys to crush the Cavs so bad. 
Oh I'm fine; I just feel bad for the people who spent serious cash on this game and saw our guys put forth absolutely no effort at all.
They did wreck the Celtics so I mean...
Exactly. It’s an 82 game season. The warriors lost badly to the fucking Utah Jazz. Everyone needs to chill. 
Then what are you doing here? Kinda lame to be hovering around on another teams game thread 
Idc what Mornroe does, Brown has all the athleticism in the world and sucks at d. Rozier sucks at d, Morris sucks at d. 
God, you are stupid.
He's clearly not lmao you're a fool
Your a troll. I answered your question you idiot.
But why are you trolling around the Celts sub?

And booing =/= not loyal
It’s one game 
If you're going to ride another mans dick you should at least not do it on a throwaway account. Looks like you don't respect him either.
No you resorted to personal insults because A) your a child B) you know its stupid to let teams go on 15 point runs without making an adjustment.


Holy crap ty 
It’s one game
Are you blind? He shot 39.7% in the playoffs last year on over 4 attempts a game 
Cant handle the fact your wrong? Ya that makes you a child.
He’s not even fucking 25. Al horford went from never shooting threes to being a 40% shooter in his EARLY THIRTIES But apparently it’s impossible for Marcus smart to do that EVEN THOUGH HE ALREADY FUCKING HAS. I swear, some fans just want to hate on their own team 
Holy shit you're absolutely insane. Marcus Smart is one of the worst three point shooters in the league pretty much everyone here knows that. Absolutely insane dude 
Wait, so horford is an awful comparison, because he never attempted a three? And that means something how? What the hell? 
You’re spouting this shit about ‘natural ability’ and you’re accusing ME of trolling? Yes, Carmelo’s shot is better because he worked harder than the people who have a worse shot. Shooting is 50% work and 50% mentality, the work you put in doesn’t change, but your mentality goes up and down, Marcus has been on an extreme mental downswing this season, he’s taken an insane number of terrible shots that aren’t his game. I guarantee you he shoots at least 35% in the playoffs. If he sticks to corner threes he’ll easily shoot 40% 
Fuck yeah 
Too bad there’s no Ray
fuck why were these tickets so outrageous
Are these gonna be available anywhere? 

Besides ebay for some outrageous price... :(
Got to the game after the National Anthem.  Someone had already stolen the shirt off our chairs.
Paul always knew this game was about...buckets.
Perhaps, but that doesn't mean you're wrong
>everyone

:(
I guess the mods banned the news that he was going to Philadelphia and I had to find out from /r/nba.  It’s a shame how they are sometimes so pointlessly strict.
Fuck yes
Yo....who's cutting onions in here? Jeez...I"m sobbing like a baby. 
Poor Bergy always underappreciated 
Hate to break it to you but the real answer is neither. It’s Jayson Tatum. 
I mean it doesn’t matter who you are... you can still be wrong
Not an unbelievable perspective 
weird way of spelling yabusele
And make you look silly as fuck doing so.
Well then you're a fucking moron. 2008-2010 was unequivocally the sweetest
Vin Baker shows up drunk
Probably making roster room. Belinelli?

Edit: I'm dumb
> He's so fucking fat

You can't be serious. 
Yeah I fucking can kid is like sully out there with out the skill.
It's not an insult he's fat. Didn't say anything was wrong with it.  The kid hasn't shown me anything at this point to believe he's NBA player. 
If he's already considered a salary dump, that's even worse.
Nader + Larkin is two players. That also fuck with our guard and wing depth. We have 4 other NBA level Bigs,  so its easier to offload Yabu
I told myself not to get my hopes up. Fuck it. Gordon Hairward 3/23 👀👀. Banner 18 in 18
My dick is hard. Stop getting my hopes up.
I'd let Gordy fuck my wife
rock hard. 
I think he can do all those things, just not 50 times a game. Meaning he might get 3-4 minutes off the bench twice. 
This logic has always been ridiculous. Any player with a lower body injury will be restricted from jumping until they’re 100%. That doesn’t mean he’s three months away 
gordon hayward's a thot. he's a freaking nasty hoe. he looks good. i'd love gordon hayward to bust my pussy open and tell me about the celtic designs on the world. if a guy shows up with a fucking swollen ankle and 22 points per game he can hit my backwalls any fucking time of day dude. if a guy's like 'my leg turned into spaghetti on national television' im like 'take a fucking caterpillar bulldozer to my pussy like its the laker's title hopes dude.'
Obviously. But from not jumping at all in training/rehab to cutting, running, jumping, defending at a competitive level...that's at least 3 months away.

That's what I'm saying.
The only people that I could feasibly understand being "wronged" were his co-workers/teammates. That's it.

Anything else is just such a stupid argument.
I never watch highlights when we lose :/. Sorry Timi 
Cleveland has to be the bounce back game!!!
That game sucked but at least we didn’t get blown out.
How long before the team realizes its a 48 minute game, not 24?

The OT B2B is terrible too, considering you know, they choked a 10 point lead in the fourth quarter against the Wizards. Maybe they should have sealed the deal.
To me Sabonis seemed like a wanna-be baby Laimbeer but without the skill and savvy.  Fuck that dude.
coming off a OT game my dude
You are right, i misread the schedule in the sidebar. My bad.
Give him some time.. he’s used to iso-ball and passing to teammates with bad shooting percentages 😂
Yeah. I don't want to question Brad but I couldn't get behind that. The way Jaylen was going, I thought he'd get 25 then he sat and lost his rhythm.
He got benched. He had that possession before tatum game in where he dribbled around for 22 seconds and turned the ball over. Even Tommy was yelling at him.
Please. You just don't know how to play. Just admit you're wrong and be done with it. Otherwise, piss off.
Brad had some weird ass lineups today man
1 game at a time. Brad has bad games, Al has bad games, Oladipo has great games.
Fuck that was dissapointing
Playing Jaylen only 2 mins in the 4th was awful. Sorry but this one is on Brad
Morris/Terry/Moose: 4-26.............. actually bad!
What an awful game

They handed it for us on a plate after being down 26, and we don't take it...
this teams needs all star break badly 
Tough loss - looked like we had nothing left at the end of the game. Off-ball movement stopping seems like a sign of worn out legs.

Props to Oladipo. Let's rest up and wreck LeBron.
Bad decision-making from Kyrie throughout the game... I really felt like he forced shots in the paint and from 3 when he should have moved the ball.
its like as soon as we have a chance to take the lead away we turn to complete dogshit. Frustrating game. 
At halftime I thought to myself that this would be one of those games where we comeback to cut it close and still lose. Just a bad game.
Ban the trolls damn it. Also, tough loss
turned this game off in the 2nd, knew they had no chance..

when morris came in the 1st.. shot our way out of this game. bricked all of 5 shots? by that point the lead stretched to 20 and thats all she wrote 
Celtics are such a vulnerable team cause of their inconsistency on offense.....really hoping they pull it together come playoff time
Celtics might be the worst of the 4 major sports teams in Boston tbh. Probably have the worst title odds at least
At least now its a wake up call.
Playoffs are going to be brutal. Teams will double Kyrie like they doubled IT and no one else can create for themselves like last season. 
For real. It’s so frustrating going down by like 20 every game. Even though we pull them out a lot this shouldn’t happen as frequently as it does
Pathetic really.
Morris had a really tough night.
Fuck that.  The entire team not showing up in the first is why the Celtics lost.  Rozier and Morris combining for 4/23 are we they lost.  Can't have two scorers you rely on shooting that bad.  
my bad, fixed
:(
I can sorta deal with Kyrie getting held out, but limiting Jaylen and Tatum is just terrible when the bench is shooting under 20% for fucks sake. 
when morris entered the game.. bricked 5+ shots in a row, killing all our momentum on O. POOF lead plummets out to 15+ and knew this wasn't their night (check the end score and YUP time to turn the game off) 
>Al has bad games.
His points are sometimes valid but his approach is always so rude no one's ever gonna want to bother with him.
I swear, a number of people just want to hate; I see 3 or 4 similar comments get upvotes; sometimes this fucking sub is a joke.
Nah but the Celtics didn’t address their atrocious bench scoring and the Sox will still probably sign JD Martinez
except the dude is one of the worst shooters on the team
Yeah man, that string of misses was so hard to watch.  
It’s implied he had a bad game cause of the context of you saying Oladipo has a great game and Stevens had a bad one. You’re such a casual fan and a dumb one at that. Al carried us back into the game at the end in those last few possessions before we got the lead.
Kyrie shot 8-18. He was playing quite poorly. How in the world did that make the difference?
I definitely agree. He's kinda fucking annoying, but at least half of the time he's voicing actual constructive criticism. If just every now and then he would comment a "atta boy baynes, great awareness" then I think people wouldn't care. It's like when you're fucking up with some housework and your roommate/gf keeps pointing out everything wrong you're doing and you're just liek "yeah, I know!"+him being pissy even when the team is cruising. 
Forget about the past. Kill it if you have to. 

This is 2018. 
*failed attempt at a joke just carry on*
Uh we did take the lead with Kyrie, Al shit it up with some bad fouls/turnovers and missed rebounds and we never recovered.
Al made the 2 biggest shots in that game for us. Relax 
This fucking team never ceases to amaze me.
Hard pass. You want a shittier Marcus Morris? This is how you get a shittier Marcus Morris.
I wouldn't be mad if we got both, but I prefer Joe. He has real chemistry with Horford and he can have some playmaking duties with the bench
#TOMMY FUCKING HEINSOHN!!!!
Take the fucking 2 points cmon
Horrible fast break. That's not a 4th quarter play
dipo is a gonna be a big time star 

his ceiling is kinda scary 
SCARY T3RRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ah fuck this shit. They're gifting the game to Indiana. JUMPBALL IS MY ASS
Stevens keeping in that offensively challenged lineup for so long in the 4th cost the game. morris was a zero on offense and stevens refused to sub in jaylen until 4 minutes left. this game is on stevens 
refs are calling everything for the Pacers. This is getting a little ridiculous
Wheres that bum that said Jaylen stinks?
fucking christ grab that
fuck we tried being the warriors and it didnt work
Kyrie needs to stop...that kind of look doesn't cut it with the game on the line. It's just selfish. Trust your goddamn teammates. Bad shot by Jaylen as well.
What is this fucking offense? ISO contested 3s?
Need to learn you don’t get to bash the team every game and call yourself a fan.
Now you go to the rim, Jesus Christ...

Came back from 26 just to blow it on bad offensive decisions 2 minutes before the end.
Every game with Marcus Morris

1st half: wtf I hate this guy

2nd half: wtf I love this guy 
I would be fucking pissed if I payed to see this bullshit 
HOT TAKE: We are playing bad. 
I can remember a lot of games where the celtics played like absolute shit, this game is far and away the worst I've ever seen them play
There are some dumb mofos on here who think Jaylen brown sucks 
WHERE ALL THOSE NEGATIVE CELTIC "FANS" AT NOW
The refs are so bad I actually agree with Tommy
you fucking tell em tommy
Yo fuck these refs
Fucking hell Indiana is GIVING this game away. Stop being stupid!
Wow we worked so hard to get this close again and ha e closed this game awfully
Marcus Morris stinks. I miss Avery.
I was gonna go to the game tn but bitched out.  71 too steep for a pacers game
WHERE THE FUCK IS ABBY
Morris has been a detriment lately. 
what is morris fucking doing
Fucking Morris.
Defense is absolutely atrocious wtf 
Worst game yet?
If I was considering suicide this game would have pushed me over the edge just about now
Tweets from "some Celtic fans who are still optimistic about this game". 

WHO Are these Fans? Any of you guys?
What in the fuck did Philly do to Fultz?
Can we request to start every playoff game down 18 at half?
Wtf travels? I thought this was the NBA
Jaylen is a fucking beast. This kid has unlimited potential. 
Fuck these refs
Scary fucking terry.
#SCARY FUCKING TERRY
SCARY TERRY!!!!!
SCARY TERRY BITCH.
TERRY "SCARY TERRY" ROZIER THE THIRD!
holy shit look what happens when they move without the ball?!?!?!?!?!
that 3 was too scary for them to count it
This team is insane
\> Be Marcus Morris
\> Take awful shots, get your team out of the game
\> Your team grinds to make up for the deficit you caused 
\> Hit a couple shots late in game
\> Become hero


#FUCKING PREDICTION MACHINE
FUCK YEAH DAD
Get Morris the fuck off the court. Please 
GO TO THE FUCKING HOOP
Fucking Oladipo
STOP SETTLING FOR FUCKING JUMPERS HOLY SHIT
Wow absolutely horrific offensive possessions to end the game. What the fuck are we doing!?!
FUCKING PATHETIC
It seems like we have to go down by 20 in order to realize that a game is going on
Please don’t turn into another Raptors game please turn up the intensity 
Stupid late whistle
Might be the worst we've looked all year.
I can't deal with our bench anymore holy fuck
Moose needs some minutes with Al, at least to see how they play
Awful effort. Where 3ithk when you need him?
When this team is bad we are **BAD**
watching morris in his bad games really makes me miss ET
The wrong Marcus was being considered in trade talks
Holy fuck this is unwatchable
Fucking move the goddamn ball
This is objectively horrible to watch
THIS IS SO SAD!
This is as bad as I have seen the Celtics play in a long time.

Our hand offs from screens have been so poor 
Horrible half but it worse against the Rockets. I feel like a broken record saying this. We've had some putrid halves
We shouldn't need to wait to go on a run before we start playing hard defense and running the floor. 
Joe Johnson would be terrible for this team. Slow as hell, stops ball movement, and he's shooting like crap. I really really hope we avoid him. 
Fultz may not return this year on account of being terrible. God dammit Danny, stop trying to be Belichick!
Here we FUCKING go, let's go Celtics! 
Jaylen. Fucking. Brown
Need to keep Kyrie in this.  fuck the usual rotation.  
This is why you don't quit on this fucking team!!!!!!!
I'd just like to take this opportunity to tell all of you that were in this thread trashing this team an hour ago to fuck off.
Such a bad call
Yo Wtf 
Prepare for angry Jaylen to dick these boys down
These are some week ass techs we've been getting lately.
TERRY FUCKING ROZIER GODDAMN YOU SICK FUCK I LOVE YOU
SCARY AF
I thought they were going to wave it off because of the game clock malfunction. Thank goodness they didn't.
And just like that it's a 4pt game with one quarter remaining.
Who are the two babes they kept showing on the replay at the end of the quarter? Just random fans?
I know that one didn’t count but my god Pacers fans must hate Terry so much
What the fucking christ are you waiting for to put Kyrie in, Brad?  He's only played 24 goddamn minutes tonight
Jaylen Brown not being in is fucking disgusting 
Who reffed this game? It has been atrocious on both ends. Officiating at an all time low.
They are literally throwing this fucking game. This is fucking ridiculous.
No ball movement, just isolation 3 pointers that are trash... Go to the fucking rim.
With the way the NBA refs have been lately Turner should be getting a T
Get Morris out. When he's off its brutal to watch.
How can you call yourself a professional, elite athlete and then drag ass because you’re “tired.” 

Fucking prima donnas. 
Al played god awful tonight.  FUCK
I want to have Lance Stephenson on my team one time before he retires.  He's crazy.
Tatum never gets a fucking call...
Wtf George turned that white man voice on rq 
The offense and defense are terrible right now. 
I want Baynes to make at least one three pointer in the season.
Can i just interrupt this game thread to say... Jaylen, will you be my valentine?
Celtics look like they have no desire to play tonight. So sloppy.
All I ask for is one stress-free game. ONE.
Morris had three pacers collapse on him. He fucking shoots it. Fucking A Morris. 
Jesus what the fuck happened
This team misses Larkin so bad. The bench needs any sort of offense.
This is brutal
oh man, I'm late and this looks ugly... But Tommy's back!
“Stevenson comes away with it”

Somewhere  Chris Webber is confused thinking our coach just got a rebound
You know we're trash and we have to put Nader into the game 
B2b games excuse is weak. This is the NBA every team has to do it. 
NBA refs get worse by the year. The league has to do something.
Worst possession of the season right there
They're exhausted tbh, it shows. Just look at Kyrie 
I quit wtf
I've never give up on a game, but I'm done with this one 
Kyrie cant even play his game getting doubled after every screen, usually would be bad defense if teammates hit shots but since no one can kyrie can never get going
I just got home, what the fuck...
Fuck why do other coaches call timeouts when they should and we never call timeouts when we should. I want answers damn it 
A little pace on the offensive end! Hitting shots helps too ... 
Kyrie hit some shots to loosen things up. Need someone else to help when Kyrie starts slow. 
Wtf can’t Brad call a timely timeout like pacers just did 
Crowd is fucking hype!

I should not have posted about that 100% FT stat at half time :(
Fuck Sabonis. Hes another Zaza.
Refs fucking hate us... wtf.
Sabonis is in the refs face yelling at him and Jaylen gets the tech? Fuck outta here
CRAZY TERRY
Fucking scary
Let’s go!! SCARY TERRY!
SCARY
That shit was Scary as Terry
Get Morris off the floor. That dude is fucking selfish 
What is Brad waiting for to put Kyrie in the game? To be down by 10?
That's bullshit wtf
This is an ugly 4th quarter
could these fucking asshole refs call contact on both ends??
Jaylen getting cold on that bench Brad.
Morris in for Rozier. Stupid subbed out for stupid.
Fucking bricks everywhere. 
This offense is terrible 
YES, LETS HEROBALL THREES ON 2 POINT DIFFERENCE LETS FUCKING GO
fucking pathetic offense dude
All this effort to come back and you get two awful shot attempts....sigh
Choooooooookkkkkkkeeee so hard
Oladipo is fucking our wives rn
Morris has been trash lately
Horford needs to grab that. Fucking A Man. What a choke job.
Sorry guys but Morris is so fucking bad rn I hope he gets better 
TRY COVERING OLADIPO FOR FUCK SAKE
Fuck these refs 
I hate Oladipo's game
Whelp I officially hate Turner so there’s that 
i was about to be mad that baynes didnt rotate out to the 3 pt line there and then i realized that was myles fucking turner.
Two awful shots in a row
Semi off the dribble 3 might be the least efficient shot we have
I hate when Baynes shoots 3s.
Fucking Miles Turner are you serious?
This game is already pissing me off
Sloppy basketball tonight
This is pathetic
Oh don't worry contested mook 3's will save us. Fuck. 
Why do we struggle to score so much? So frustrating. 
This team needs shooting off the bench in the worst way.
I’m stuck in line at Taco Bell I wanna go home fuck 
What a dumb foul call.
16 points? Thats it, im a fuckin suns fan now....... it has nothing to do with the cold....
This isnt a bench problem.

The team is playing weak. Weak passing, weak defense.
This is so fucking stupid 
I don't care if we lose but we have been getting dominated and not putting up effort. Shit is annoying to watch.
This team learned nothing from the Orlando game.
Wtf is Kyrie Brad 
"fuck"
instant ramen.. I mean offense Nader!!!
Indiana are playing real fucking hard on defense
This big lineups look disastrous 
Pacers are just running the ball up the court on every possession. We can't slow them done whatsoever.
nader fucking sucks 
"fuck this, I'm out." - Scal
Is Joseph ever not on the fucking floor? 

Pass the fucking ball
Yo wtf 
today is opposite day

everyone is being selfish except for Kyrie 
What an awful possession
This is pathetic on both ends.
Just send em home play the bench this is pathetic
57th game, team can't execute a single play.  
At least the olympics are on? 
Call a fucking timeout 
Holy fuck play monroe and Al
We're playing so so sooooooo bad, it's just embarassing
Just looked at the box score - is this some sort of sick joke?
holy fuck looks what happens when you move the fucking ball.
Might hit a Celtics record for fewest assists in a game. 
Our pick and roll defense is unbelievable garbage! 
Danny better fucking give smart 10M/year at least.  we need him so bad.  I don't remember us playing this badly with him.  
I wished we had the same offense as the rockets...harden and Paul can have a bad day and they can still drop 50 points by halftime 
Lmfao wtf is a "coordination issue"???? 
Here we go again. Fuck.
Dipo fuck off
Bench please don’t fuck this up
The game is gonna come down to the bench and i'm sick
Thats a foul? Fuck outta here. Fire all these refs
Fuck that
the fuck was that tech for?
Scary Terry, bitch. You can run but you CANT BLOCK HIS BUZZER BEATERS, bitch. 
He might've been in the shooting motion, hard to tell
Such a useless rule
Are you fucking kidding me Terry got nearly knocked off his feet no call but that gets a call. 
Are one of these refs the one that tried to fuck us when Morris got injured?
LOL worst foul call I've seen...especially compared to the ones these idiots have missed.
wtf happened to the offense 
Game.
they fucking blew this one
FUCK. OFF.
Amateur stuff... Come on Celtics
i hate kyrie ball
and thats game 

GG Indy 
Game over.  Shit.
Al got fucking schooled tonight by Turner.  Damn
Awful game. Wasted all that gas to lose.
celtics playing fucking hero ball jesus
Are you shitting me fuck
At least set a pick when you need a three!!!
This game should show Smart how dumb he really was. This team misses him so bad. So to not have him over punching a fucking picture frame is ridiculous.
Rozier is so clumsy
Nader's still in?  Fuck off Brad
I'm going to take a cold shower. Maybe I can stomach another half of basketball like this. 
kyrie dribbles into the corner, both baynes and brown go towards him dragging their defender with them.  wtf is this shit.  where are the fucking assignments?
Fuck you Sabonehead
So so sick of Morris
How the fuck are we the number 1 seed?
Fucking Horford, Jesus grab the fucking rebound. 

fucking pathetic by jaylen
Yea...we’re definitely losing to the Cavs/raptors in the playoff..truly pathetic performance. 
Fuck Kyrie’s stupid ass fadeaway stepback 3 obsession.
I hate this team
Goodnight. Fucking Kyrie stagnated the offense at the end of the game... again....
What terrible basketball down the stretch. These guys are dumber than a bag of hammers.
where the fuck is larkin
how can anyone seriously believe this team is a contender with this offense?
we're gonna get fucked if we keep playing iso ball like this.  These last 4 or 5 games have been 80% iso
Give Kyrie the fucking ball, goddamn
How fucking dumb do you have to be to piss this game away after you had them on the fucking ropes?
Fuck
Brad please do something with this team, anything. This is the kinda shit that spurred people to call us a "fake 1 seed" last year. Just bad basketball. 
This team is sad sometimes
This is so pathetic. We're embarassing ourselves big time.
wtf is with all this rozier hero ball?
Horford is so bad on D. So so bad
Dear danny, 


Dont give someone on the wrong side of 30 a max deal. Horford is a undersized “big”
Tatum, Rozier, and Irving are the MVP's of this game. We got this!
Fuck this im out. Im not wasting tonight watching lazy basketball.
Wtf Why did we use the dpe on Monroe when we needed a shooter. 
this game is on brad.  what the fuck is he doing
Can we hire a coach to drill into everyone’s head to box the fuck out 
I have to work on Sunday :(, they're doing the Pierce tribute thing post-game, right?
we knew we were gonna lose when we let another fucking team get a 20 point lead
Fuck, I know! About 5 minutes went by when neither team could score. Celtics could have run away with it. 
Dipo's teammates aren't fucking worthless as shooters
You mean the troll who hates Jaylen.  That kid is pathetic. 
Marv Albert is so fucking bad.
Yeah it's weird that we're trotting out big lineups. Doesn't seem to jive with today's NBA.
Yup, poor decision making down the stretch.
Horrible effort
*badly
Too late
But it does every other game!
He's a terrible influence on our team imo. He stops the ball and takes bad shots.
They're so desperate
not sure turner and oladipo are that random
I despise this "turn up the intensity" thing. Do you feel that intensity is the reason we're shooting 20% and they're shooting 60%? It just makes zero sense to me. If we hit a few of our shots, it'd be a close game. 
Unfortunately I predict Indiana will give us a big creamy CumMilkshake.
He played like 4 games. Looked terrible 
The kids 19 lets actually see him play before we call him terrible.
Brad not running a 20 year old into the ground is disgusting? K pal.
Absolutely dreadful decision-making.
Bad take 
the fucking london "break" was horrible for us.  we've played like ass ever since.
Hopefully we can achieve the 50 points dream for the game
because everyone is standing around watching the fucking ball.  how brad is not calling for people to move without the ball baffles me.  
Panic timeouts make your team weak and stupid.
Stfu hes one of the reasons we are even in this game.
Youre right, rozier is a bad passer and by bad i mean unwilling. I think hes more selfish than the other guys
Or a Baynes corner 3. Terrible shot selection tonight.
They shouldnt look this bad tho. Its borderline pathetic.
he was ill for a while, might be still recovering
He was sick for a bit so maybe a bit is lingering
Boy gotta drop his iso game a bit
3 in 4 days with ot game too
Because ainge gave a max deal to a guy on the wrong side of 30...
some of the worst all around play I've seen by a team in a while.
Damn you got unbanned? sad day for the sub
Please take your Terry Rozier hate elsewhere.
Bad knee 
This is the weirdest version of fuck marry kill I've ever seen
Holy fuck such a stupid take 
You're an idiot
Holy fucking hot take, is this seriously how you feel after one bad stretch
Yep the spurs have never had a bad game in 20 years 
Fuck off
Besides the person you hate balling out.
Literally false.
Fuck me
Oh fuck ... it’s you. 
Are you joking? You would trade jaylen for Tyreke.  That's absurd
Get your pathetic ass outta here
Without Kyrie this is a lottery team, fuck off.  This is Danny's fault for stacking the roster with mostly mediocre to bad offensive players
don't speak for me.  fuck outta here.
Hard work and dedication 
About as desperate as your offense
nah it wasn't this bad.  last 4-5 games have been horrible.
It’s the worst shot of his late game repertoire.
I don't actually hate them.  fuck off
Been like that for the last two or three years. It's pathetic.
No, not really. That's called a loss. If the Pacers had lost this game to us - that would be a choke job.
As I told you, you now instantly jump out due to your history of making stupid comments. Stop making stupid comments and you probably won't see much of me.
Bad bot! 
You said to hire a new coach you dumb fuck.
Not sure what you mean

It's one regular season game out of 82 and we have 25 left. It is mostly meaningless.
Before I saw your comment history. Just admit you made a dumb comment. That’s all. 
Shut the fuck up.
The fact that the Monroe explosion is small compared to Theis’ dunk and trey slays me.
It’s gotten to the point where I don’t worry if we make no moves because Danny never does anything wrong
It’s sad on other teams parts that you aren’t exaggerating
I’m confused, why would Tyreke get bought out?
That is so dumb. Fire the management if that happens.
Probably right, unless they just lost a million-dollar game of chicken.
Scary Terry time
This was reported a few days ago already wasn't it?

Anyways, not very surprising. 
We needed him out there. Fuck that wall
not sure. ask danny.
Fuck the lakers 
Nader rn is a 2/10 player so Ill take that upgrade.
Didn’t know that... that’s bad
No more bigs, wings, and ball handlers. Now we have just ball handlers
r/nba is gonna hate this 
This presentation is really fucking weird
Game 7 Lebron vs Pierce was the plot for the dark knight returns
r/nba is gonna hate
Yea this was crazy over-produced. 
You mean...
DID HE POOP HIS PANTS OR NO.?? THEY SHOULD HAVE ASKED BECAUSE I HAVE NO PROBLEMS ASKING.!! SMH.!!
Don't you mean "Kyrie Irving" Appreciation?
what does that mean? I know what it is - but what does it stand for
This was posted well after the trade deadline so not sure why anyone would have thought that...
JB draws the toughest defensive assignment every night. Even when we were getting blown out by the Raptors, DeRozan couldn't get anything going against Brown. That's not just one game either, teams actively avoid going after Brown and will try to attack someone else.
Faith, Consistency, Hard Work Pays Off
Jaylen Fucking Brown 
NOW THATS A FUCKING HYPE VIDEO GOTDAMN
You mean Kawhi and Paul George.
If Al doesn't regress too badly at that point then our starting 5 would be Warriors tier 
You, my friend, are a fucking idiot.
You mean MJ and MJ.
I mean MJ and MJ
It won't surprise me one bit if both IT and Jae get back to playing how they were in Boston. Ty Lue is a horrible coach.
"WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DON'T WANT TO BE FRIENDS /U/SHAHMAN292 I THOUGHT WE WERE HOMIES"

-Crowder probably
Yes! Jaylen averaged ~1 assist per game through December. He's closer to ~3 per game since. 
Harden's insane season? Oh brother.
We're fortunate to be witnessing Kyrie's greatness. That highlight reel on his jersey retirement gonna be nasty. 
Webber is a dumb cunt
I heard some audio of their shenanigans on T&R this morning and Jesus...something is wrong with those (hesitate to use the word) people
>kinda horribly

Fucking lul

That shit was the Red Wedding, my dude.
He seemed sad last night 
I watched the game with no sound. Except for sugar hill gangs half time show. Everybody scream!!!!
Almost made me wish Tommy (or probably Scal tonight) was calling the game. 
One of the biggest amateur operations I've watched. Isn't TNT national TV in America as well? 
REAL

Shit was so trash
 Go check out all the idiots in r/nba responding to this 
Getting so ridiculous that it had me wondering about the intricacies of commentator contracts? Like, does Marv have a 5 year contract that stipulates that he will be doing a Thursday night game every week for the season? Last night was funny, but I'd probably get annoyed in the playoffs. Have no idea how executives allow this stuff to continue. Didn't think Webber was awful a few years ago, but he has gotten to the point where I'll just watch something else if either him or Reggie are calling a game. 
Marv was abosolutely terrible, which we can all agree on.  But I was getting so annoyed with Webber.  On the Jaylen three ... it was so evident he was behind the line during the replay.  But Chris was so reluctant to speak, as he was the entire broadcast.  Not word for word but it was along the lines of “looks like there’s a little space between his foot and the line, but ... I’m not sure, could go either way”.   Why are you so afraid to state your opinion?  The social media back-lash if you’re wrong?  Such an entertaining game but I wish you could mute the broadcasters and just hear on court audio. 
About four seconds into the game Marv called Jaylen "J R" Brown.  He is the worst announcer in sports, last night was how every broadcast is for him.  I just mute the sound it's so bad. 
FUCK TNT
What? Did Chris Weberson get the name wrong? 
He didn’t say that did he?  Fucking how?  
I fucking hope that’s not one of the highlights of his career
Right? It's a little annoying when they mess up, but I feel like everyone is blowing this out of proportion 
but you see, when Horford is at 5 he is just an ordinary big man shooting 3s.  At over 40%.  With 5 assists a game.  You know just your ordinary 5.
Its almost like, if you have trouble remembering or differentiating similar names, you shouldnt be an announcer for a nationally televised basketball game or something. 
This is what really got to me on this play, he literally fucking announces that Kyrie passes the ball to the corner, and then "KYRIE FOR 3!" Jesus it was bad. 
The weird thing is when they have her do the color AND the stupid coaches interviews / sideline reporting in the same game. Like come on. 

Doris is my favorite color commentator on ESPN though. 
I HATE DORIS IN 2K OH MY GODDDDDDDDD, When you're down by like 3 she makes it seem like the game is over for you
Arbitrary as fuck
Is it? I wonder if there is evidence behind this saying. 
No he wasn’t. Phil made him a champion. He wasn’t a champion before that. That’s taking guys to the next level. This is an insane argument to make when he has 11 rings. 
i hate kelly oubre.

there. i said it.
I'm still rock hard from Brown's stepback three
FUCK KELLY OUBRE GOD DAMN I NEEDED THIS ONE
Can we take a minute to appreciate how poorly the announcers called that game?
Jaylen Brown is fucking money from that corner. 
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah being from EU SUCKS.

I fell asleep and woke up 2 minutes until the end of the overtime.

How did we play?
Beal has to be the least clutch player I've ever seen  
I contracted a few illnesses and diseases watching this game
Those jaylen step back Jimbo and behind the back crossover highlights were fucking disgusting. I feel physically sick watching those plays.
CWebb was classic out of it tonight. On that play where Otto Porter taps the ball out while fronting Horford, he was fake pretending it was a doubtful call... then, after all the replays, he finally goes "after seeing it fifteen times... it was out on Oubre." 

Lay off the weed, Chris. 
Jaylen Brown really showed out this game!!! 

Was really scary watching our offense stagnate in the last 3 minutes of the 4th but I’ll take the OT dub!
People posting that we choked when we were down 3 haven't watched a game yet. AND THESE REFS ARE BULLSHIT
fuck the raptors
Dumb joke but +1
Theis goes 0/2 from the line, they say he hit 1. Jaylen hit the clutch OT 3, they say it was Kyrie. That was awful.
Weber was brutal, constantly got players confused with each other, kept calling Brad Stevenson".
Calling my dad “Stevenson”, disgusting
They were terrible. Wrong names of players, hell got the teams wrong once. 
Man and here I thought I was goin crazy
I couldn’t believe his fouls. He lost the game for WIZ imo
As long as all his 3 pt attempts come in the 4th with the game on the line he can't miss.
Just ice cold. Gamer. No fear. Clutch. ELITE.
Agreeance.  Throwback to the horrible old days of the NBA in the 00's.
still confused on how we earned 3? 4? technicals

the one on the bench.. the replay they showed, he said 1? 2? words and neither were swears via lip reading 
We need to practice our off-ball movement sooo bad
At least Marv has the excuse of being old and senile, Webber is just bad.
They did at the end but the whole game up to that point the refused to call a foul any time the celtics drove the ball.  It was getting really frustrating.
I do this all the time, I've almost fully convinced myself that it's my phone that's broken, not me. 
Watching Oubre play legitimately makes me mad
Marv Albert is the worst. Calls him Irving. 
Jaylen Fucking Brown
at least he corrected himself after
He was embarrassingly bad.
He also said "Brad Stevenson" like seven fucking times
omg that fucked me up so bad! i thought they didn’t give us a point...i was screaming “WE WERE UP 5”
what does that mean?

Faith consistency hard work pays off.  It's his motto 
This one isn't as bad, imo. I find it very hard to separate them myself. 
Timmy could have grabbed one of those rebounds :(
That Terry/Jaylen/Mook/Theis/Moose lineup was nasty. Love seeing Brad experiment like that.
Did Webber call Monroe "Moron"?
Next Prime Shaq...

It’s crazy that we can put out these lineups:

K. Bryant - G. Payton - I. Thomas

M. Jordan - T. Rozier - R. Allen - L. Bird

K. Durant - S. Pippen - A. Nader

A. Horford - P. Pierce - D. Green

S. O’Neal - B. Walton - C. Anderson

And nobody says anything...

Edit: Also, Gordon "LeBron James with a Jumper" Hayward is out, can’t wait til he returns.
I remember we had Olynyk on him one game when he was on the Bucks and they legit went to that matchup in the post on like four possessions in a row where Moose made him look like a small child. I was irate. 
What does this mean
Wait I'm confused
I appreciate a lot of the hyperbolic adulation for our players on this sub but this is stupid.
I’m not entirely sure Marv can tell black people apart from one another 
Holy shit this commentary has been terrible 
At the game.  Lots of Celtics fans around here today. 
Marv is absolutely awful. His playcalling is basically just saying the name of the player who scores, and he gets that wrong about half the time. Please retire.
I actually fucking hate Kelly Oubre
Seeing fucking gortat move on every screen is so frustrating
Holy fuck Brown!
“The wizards have one time out left, oh they have two”. It’s so frustrating hearing them talk because almost everything they say is wrong.
I pray that Reggie Miller is not the commentator for the game
Brad telling moose to express himself. What a fucking coach we have
Can we seriously contact tnt over this horrible presentation of an nba game
Fuck you Kelly Oubre
I feel like im listening to NBA 2K announcers repeat stuff throughout the game
This has been the worst fucking week please god give me this one
Gortat is one of my most hated players in the league. I hate his fucking face and his screens are always moving. 
Gortat literally fucking holds people on screens. Always gets away with it
Is this the worst commentary team of all time?
JAYLEN BROWN WHAT THE FUCK THOSE HANDLES 
Refs doing some weak ass calls across the board.
Marcus Morris is such an insane one on one player. 
this is some fucking terrible commentary tonight
If they hit a buzzer beater on us I will fucking lose it.
"I wear glasses so what can I tell you" 

A millionaire paid for his opinion during a basketball game. God bless us all. 
Member when we lost this game?
I fucking hate that I can’t watch this with Gorman and Scal. Webber sucks
Gortat’s entire game is predicated on playing illegally. Fuck that guy.
This dude saying mmmmmmmm looking at baby pictures is making me uncomfortable 
I swear the Wizards crowd is at least 40/60 celtics fans with those cheers
Is Webber drunk or is he always this dumb? 
1-8 Marcus Morris. Why do you want to take these tough shots so badly?
Is Webber dumb?
FUCK THE MOOK HATERS!!!
We couldn't stop Porter tonight. This team NEEDS this all star break badly.
Horrible horrible game. Between the two celtics games and the SB I'm so zoned out this week
Seriously if the C's pull this out, I'm having a birthday party every day until I die. 
beal traveled but ill take it
Fuck Chuck said he thinks Hayward's coming back this year. All hope is lost Chuck is always wrong about the C's.
Oubre is such a fucking fruitcake bitch
Jaylen is fucking athletic 
Theis is going insane playing the 4
C-Webb is 100 percent drunk
"this team really has problems struggling"
so you're saying we have trouble being bad? I'll take that
Marv is straight up terrible 
Jaylen is so nasty in transition.
Morris’ game will be so clutch in the playoffs.
Morris taking over. Fuck all you haters
This is so fucking annoying. Blow a 10 point lead with under 5 minutes remaining. Why is this team incapable of holding a lead? 
Fuck the wizards 
"One foot might be on the line" Brown is so clearly behind the line 
waiting on the post game compilation video of all the times the announcers were wrong
I hope Kyrie is patronizing the fuck out of Beal rn
At least they've got chicken. 
START THE GAME ALREADY. JEEZ I HATE NATIONALLY TELEVISED GAMES
The really infuriating thing about watching Terry and Kyrie is thinking “I think I could do that.” And then when you try, you pull a muscle, shit yourself and your teacher makes you stand in the hall for the rest of the period.
The size of this unit can be scary! 

2-5: Jayson, Morris, Theis, Monroe! Holy fuck!
This game is flying by
Chuck sounds drunk 24/7
That clip of the Morris twins melts my otherwise cold heart 
John Wall looks so fucking dumb in those glasses 
People shit on national announcers a lot but these dudes are so pathetic. It’s not even that they’re bias or anti Celtic they are just awful at their job. Albert is senile and Webber seems like he has no idea who tf anybody is.
Tatum’s landing on dunks is scary af... 
Holy fuck. Mook is usually composed, but both games whenever he plays against his brother he tries to iso and score on him, which never works.
Why the fuck didn't we foul immediately?
Is my stream behind or were y'all really saying the game was over way too fucking prematurely?
Alright let's fucking Abby Chin the Fuck up!
Is Marv watching the game?
For such an exciting game, this broadcast is boring as hell
Moose is fucking thicc
FUCK OUBRE 
Man wtf are we doing in these final minutes? Horrible execution
Wow this is a terrible broadcast team

How in the fuck do you get a tech sitting out on the fucken bench?
See thats fucked up. Jaylen should've got that call, instead it goes the other way and Porter gets it.
Webber distracted by another game 6 '02/'nam flashback
3 techs in a close game is not ideal 
This is getting ridiculous. Between the refs and the TNT announcers talking about John Wall being injured at every opportunity... WE FUCKING GET IT
WHY THE FUCK DID THEY WAIT SO LONG TO FOUL.
hitting 3 fts in february must be a joke when youve hit a game winner in game 7 of the finals
They should just have the guy in Marv Albert's ear commentate the game. He has to correct every sentence anyway.
How is there any question it's clearly behind guys
This is some of the worse announcing I’ve heard in a decade
Marcus Morris should take shots within the system. No more ISO Morris please
NCIS fucking sucks 
Those glasses look real dumb John 
Fuck Chris Webber
Monroe is only 27. That's sort of crazy that he was waived
What does Gortat do that allows him to set those illegal screens without getting called on it? I don't understand.
Fuck Kelly Oubre, never forget 
Frightening Terrence
How the fuck was that a foul?
Even excluding the Olynyk stuff, I hate Oubre so much. Dude tries so hard.
fuck Kelly Oubre fuccboi lookin ass
im actually tired of morris.... 
Monroe really fucking helps this team with size, god damn 
Morris is forcing shit so badly.
THAT GUY GOT THE CRAZY EYES
Damn Kyrie with the tough match-up
Morris just loves to make everything hard for himself
Kyrie is playing some lazy ass defense... 
Kyrie/Horford 2 man game hnnnnng
Those eyelashes were angry !
Wtf is Webber talking about? Wizards fans can't even fill the seats 
Now I want a chicken sandwich.
Yeah fuck you Oubre
Fuck you oubre! yes finally a tech on the wizards
Jesus tht looked dangerous for the ACL, Jayson 
Fuck youbre
FUCK YOU OUBRE. MOOK GIVIN YOU THE FISH HOOK JUWANNA MANN
Morris is a beast. He gets so much hate
This commentating is AWFUL. James brown?? Really??
Terry’s defense has been atrocious today
This is sad. This game was put away.
So fucking pathetic 
OMG that’s a terrible fucking call in the last 30 seconds 
These announcers are so fucking bad I swear to god
You dumb if you think Kyrie ain’t bout to drain this 3

Edit: Drain these 3 FT’s
How can Marv and Webber both be so fucking in the dark about the game they're supposed to be calling?
God Chris Webber's an idiot
"I've seen it 15 times, I think I know what happened."

Wrong player name. 
That’s Jaylen Marv, holy shit these guys have been sloppy on the play by play
These commentators are useless
cold fucking blooded
Marv is blind as a bat. Small white space between foot and line
Jaylen Brown is cold blooded man
Its a late whistle but a correct one
FUCK YOU BEAL YOU WHINY BITCH
Thank fuck for Kyrie
wORsT LosS oF THe SeaSoN
Ohhh my CHRIST chuck is a certified moron. Just said the Cavs would hardly make the playoffs before but are now the favorites — because of today’s trades. Unreal moron.
Absolutely pathetic.
[He’s looking jacked as fuck too](http://imgur.com/Yy66fNH)
Fuck off, Chuck
Baynes has been straight up worthless lately...
Horford mad, watch out Wiz
Remember when Kelly Oubre couldn't take a screen from Kelly fucking Olynyk so he lashed out like a baby and then cried on the sideline 
Blah Tatum starting out cold again
wtf are these refs smoking?
Can we get a fucking board 
Theis is filthy af
wtf was that ref doing

Brad has his disappointed mom face on in the locker room right now. 
Holy fuck do I hate Gortat.
Fuck yes!!
JAYLEN WITH THE DIRTY MOVES
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN IS A LEGEND
Behind the back FUCK YOU dunk
DADDY JAYLEN CAN I STAY UP AND FINISH THE REST OF THE GAME
Jaylen so flashy
Weak ass tech, that's two weak techs on us
Get filthy al! 
Wtf whys everyone always so rude to that captain 
Jayson that was terrible 
The refs just tied the game 
God 2 man game by Terry and moose.
Weird game 
Morris is such a weird player man
hes 3/3 behind the arc! *graphic shows 3/4*
Shitbag refs with thw late call
That's not porter...Jesus these guys are bad 
Jaylen late on a number of closeouts tonight :(
Beal is off as fuck
Such an annoying game. I'll be livid if we blow this.
Marcus Morris contested fadeaway is really not the shot we need late in the game 
this was a 10 pt game a couple min ago what the fuck guys 
FUCK. YOU. REFS. 
This team is so fucking stupid sometimes. No excuses for this one.
Now the fucking Raptors will get the 1st seed.
Fuck you wizards 
Scary terry in the building 
I can't tell if these are kneejerk reactions or my stream is like 5 minutes behind
Theis was open =/
Inconclusive at worst, our ball
Theis doesn’t need to be bird man, Theis is Daniel fucking Theis
Went off oubre... really webber? IDIOTS
No. No foot is on the line you guys are terrible
He's behind
"Irving with the fake"....
Fucking get the players names right you fuck
It's a fucking three you pricks.
FUCK YOU OUBRE
Albert is fucking senile.
poor marv man, this is painful to listen to
wtf are these announcers?? 0.o 
the announcers have been brutal this game. so many missed calls 
The Wizards must have missed the memo: don't fucking foul a Kyrie Irving jumpshot!
Wow Beal was terrible at the end of this game
Finally the game will start, shit
Baynes would be the worst wide receiver ever
Baynes has the worst hands
FUCK. OFFENSIVE. REBOUNDS.
Al is fucking O N tonight.
I swear I have no idea how Kyrie makes these insane layups but he does and I like it.
Every fucking team we play shoots lights out
GODDAM DAT IS UGLY BABIES
Who’s idea was it to put Bruce Willis and Hank from Breaking Bad in the same movie?? They look wildly similar 
leaguepass wtf
I hate 2nd quarters 
I'm finally home.. wow what a horrible train ride. How are our boys doing?!
At the start of offensive possessions, Monroe just sucks the defense in when he runs into the paint. 
Terry with the “fuck you” 3’s
Terry scary as hell
God damn what has Scary Terry been shooting from three the past five games?
Man Monroe playing hard! Ton of Tommy points 
Wtf that ref is jacked 
i wonder how markeiff feels being the ugly brother 
So sloppy
horrible way to end the half.  
When Morris plays his brother, he gets overly excited. Last time he had an incredibly horrible game also...
Did Marv just say it gets loud in DC? Because I’ve seen a game in DC against the Cavs a few years ago, and it was dead compared to any game in boston 
Baynes is so bad offensively
Oh fuck! 
Dick and Tom look creepy as fuck. Like the girls from the shining
So sloppy with the ball
'coach stevenson' he fucked up again
Who the fuck doesn't know NSYNC wtf
These refs can fuck off 
Eveything going bad for c's 
tatum... horrific tonight
bad bad bad!!!
Jayson, you have Jodie Meeks on you, make a fucking move 
We can’t get past 5 point lead wtf
Chicken sandwich! 
Monroe just got freeeeeeee chicken
What's wrong with these soft ass, thin skinned refs?
The wizards mascot makes me very uncomfortable 
Feel so bad for the unicorn and boogie
Feels so weird playing a big line up
Not sure how I feel about Monroe not helping mook up there 
Give Jaylen a foul for fuck sakes
Jesus we’re even getting stripped when we finally get offensive rebounds. Pathetic hands tonight.
Does every fucking game have to be a heart attack with this team?
How the fuck do you give up a 10 point lead against the Wizards with no John Wall.

How Sway.
Selfish shot Morris 
their players are stepping up and ours arent thats all it is and its frustrating
I hate the Wizards so much. 
I'm in shock. Like how the fuck are you gonna lose a 10 point lead in like 2 min. Wtf Celtics 
This is just beyond pathetic. 
Wtf they’re icing Kyrie!!
Kyrie is cold blooded.
Oh Kyrie you dirty dog!
FUCK MY HEART IS RACING LIKE A FAT HORSE
Beal traveled. Should be outs with a couple seconds. Kyrie game winner
What the fuck is this stupid dance craze in NBA crowds with kids swinging their arms behind their back and in front of their stomach. It's awful
dumb foul by brown
WTF IS HAPPENING 
That foul on Tatum though? Come the fuck on. Dude was bear hugging him.
this is not a good Wizards team. Put them away already. 
THAT STEP BACK WAS DIRTY.
Fuck yeah Jaylen 
Kyrie! I mean jaylen Brown.
Irving off the fake... Smh jaylen??
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
JAYYYYLENNN

marv sucks btw
FUCKING NASTY
This game is a clusterfuck
JAYLEN JAS BEEN SO FUCKING CLUTCH. 
that's behind the line, come on now. Don't Avery us
Marv and Webber are really really stupid 
Ice the game? 

Nah.
These fucking announcers aren't paying attention to the game at all.
This game is over if we just make our FTs
Wow they’re stupid. Foul maybe?
Game!!!
Worst loss of the year!! Smh..
Got out of work extra late only to be stuck on a fucking MBTA train! Damn it. Gonna be late to see my boys 😢
Can't play Morris in crunch time. I wish I'm wrong
terrible, terrible  loss
John Wall’s swag is ridiculous 
moose screens look painful he’s thicc
seriously listening to these fools give me cancer, legit cancer wtf
Sadly there are no C-f-As here in the Amherst area
This team is so sad sometimes
Let’s fucking go 
So this is "Stir Fry"

Meh heard worse from Migos.
We want this game, and we will get it.
rozier has been fucking garbage on defense today so unless he is about to hit a clutch shot he shouldnt be on the floor
God I fucking hate the Wizards
I hate national broadcasts
for fucking sake. fucking Marv Albert again 
The Wiz jerseys are ugly
Thats how to start the game
baynes has been bad recently
So fucking bad baynes is 
Al is mad
Theis checking Beal on the perimeter. Absurd.
Fuck Gortat
Gortat looks like an offensive lineman when he sets his highly illegal screens
Every fucking three these dudes put up goes in, has to change in the second half 
It's Morris on Morris, brother on brother out there. What a game. 
layups.  really hard.
That was just ugly Baynes.
Baynes has no offensive game
God wtf scrubini made that tip
Why do they literally keep talking about how crazy this crowd is? Sounds very tame.
Saturday is gonna be a murders row. Spurs-Warriors and the PP night game
This will be a horrible, horrible loss if we blow this
Wtf is Kyrie doing
Sloppy and lazy def
What a fucking joke
Shit what the fuck are we doing?!
Selfish play.
Are you fucking kidding me with this shit
Fucking refs...
I'm stupid tired and had a long ass day so I kinda zoned out in the second half, but fuck if the Wizards are gonna beat us twice this season. Hit that three Kyriieeee
Oh fuck
Fuck yeah!
Ice cold Kyrie
It appears both Morris bros are trying to see who can throw the game harder 
Bad move Jaylen! WTF!
Poor Brown.
Jaylen if you're gonna foul him fucking foul the shit out of him wtf 
They called beal 3 minutes late
Crazy sequence 
KYRIE I MEAN JAYLEN FOR 3
Irving off the fake!
Damn it Jaylen got blocked hard
IRVING OFF THE FAKE??? WHAT IS HAPPENING 
JAYLEN MOTHER FUCKING BROWN 
Dude Marv is straight ruining this game it's crazy
Fuck yeah Jaylen motherfuckin Brown
COLD BLOODED
He was definitely behind the line. I'm getting flashbacks
a foot might be on the line?!?! are they literally blind?!?
Marv needs to retire soon this trash is honestly unbelievable 
Well we have actively tried to give them the game let's see if they are gonna take it yet
Fuck Gortat
Another  Chick-fil-A sandwich for attendees of the game tonight
How'd we get the ball after the 3 again? I'm at a bar and I don't have commentary :(
Please NO MORE OTs this game is so terrible
Fuck Yea! 
I guess when you make millions you no longer can fathom the possibility that you ever do anything wrong 
Kyrie is playing terrible hero ball
Baynes has the worst fucking hands man
What a sad game
I don't fucking know whose ball that is.
Get some mother fucking scorer's on the team, we're gonna get buried in the playoffs otherwise.  Oh wait, Ainge didn't do shit at the trade deadline
Yet again Marcus Moron is throwing the game
WTF Jaylen?! WTF!
Did we seriously pick up another guy that can't finish layups?
It’s insane how much better Toronto is than us. Fuck.
Our defense is BAD
Losing to the Wizards without Wall is fucking embarassing. Way to go Brad.
Kyrie do something you fuck
Worst loss of the year?
What a dumb foul on rozier
Fuck Morris! I'm done with this shit.
refs keeping us in it all game
Fucking tatum
Does Kyrie have to score every point by himself?  Way too fucking go adding some scorers to the team for the playoff push, Danny
It's hard to kick cocaine.
Everyone’s realizing that today. Like, look how bad Ty Lue looks now. My god.
Hardly knows anything about the wizards either. With both of these guys almost every time they open their mouths, they're wrong. 
He sets illegal picks like a motherfucker too
 I've listened to sports radio in other cities and they're always saying that. Everyone's afraid for when he gets back. 
you mean like horford?
Hopefully guy sucks.
Marv Albert is the worst offender. Can't stand him. Makes so many mistakes
Commentary has been shocking 
Fuck her, Theis can be ur Valentine
You mean you don’t care about Marv Albert’s insta? 

Edit: A name damn autocorrect
Feels bad for IT now :((((
I think he's just dumb
Always this dumb
It happens every game. When are people going to realize his iso greatness?!
Morris is literally me in every 2K career mode I've ever played. Can't hate, ever. Buckets. 
Well we can’t get a fucking stop so I’m gonna say yeah 
Another chicken sandwich
Broken clock yada yada yada.
It's like he floats, it's insane
Agreed. He has awful hands no doubt, and not much of any post game, but he brings plenty to the team
I miss Abby :(
Coach Stevenson will get that out of him. He's developed the bad habit from playing for Jason Kidd.
Unfortunately team announcers are somehow worse
Nah we're sloppy enough, but his defense would help a bit
If you think thats bad, look up the video of tim duncan getting  ejected for laughing while sitting on the bench
Even in our favor, I hate these late whistles.
He's either hardheaded as fuck or Brad has given up on him, it's February and he's been doing it every game he plays in
His brother Jaylen Tatum will be mad.
holy shit I was so mad at their stupid commentary while a game is going on
Kelly green and Kelly mean
Dude had a monster game against us in the playoffs 
I never thought I'd miss Reggies annoying ass
or blind? (drunk) 
Are these guys fucking blind???!?! They have missed so many names and juts bad play calling.
We haven't won yet, and this game should have been over 10 minutes ago.
He might be the dumbest 'analyst' in sports...and that's fucking saying quite a bit.
Fuck. Both his feet are gone now.
At least its not Reggie
He has negative hands at this point. -2 hands
[I think you mean this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiWvSQzCo0A&t=3s)
I hate those gray kits.
He threw down a nasty dunk earlier this season, can't remember against who
Yeah wtf
Creepy
When Morris fouled out, Moose would've been too slow to keep up so he was benched for matchups
it takes me out of my basketball watching zone every time he calls someone by the wrong name. i dont know why i get so upset by it, but he seriously needs to be replaced. it makes me feel like a fool for being interested in the game, like this senile old coot is mocking everyone who DOES take it seriously.
that's how sad our bench is, in that we actually need marcus morris to stand a chance at putting balls through the hoop
don't think so :/
I think brad said he’s dressed but not sure if he’ll play 
NBC Sports Boston not broadcasting the game tonight. They will do halftime and postgame though.
RIP to IT :(
I’m sorry 
Tells you how bad Webber is
Dumb foul. If you're gonna use your hands there at all you gotta wrap him up.
I wasn't watching at the time, but don't they just review a 3 after the next clock stopage?  I could be wrong here.
Like, michael jackson Bad
Get fucked
Do the playoffs start tomorrow you fucking dumb piece of shit?
Didn't work out too well idiot
Wait... who's the one seed? RAPS is a weird way to spell Celtics.
Sorry. Wrong. 
:(
Not tonight :(
GL. At least you'll go knowing what position Horford plays now.
Sadly
"Completely justified" my ass by already calling this a terrible loss when it was a one possession game with like 12 seconds left
Some one did say "Why does he hit those shots too late?"
Earlier on when they were doing the Wiz players as babies segment he was ooohing and aahhhing over them all as babies.....just weird.
Yup. Fuck TNT. http://www.nbcsports.com/boston/ontv
I screen shot this, don't you dare delete your defeatist comment. You're whats wrong with the minority in Boston fans. Boston is the one city where fans aren't supposed to throw their hands up and go " fuck this I hate life wahhhhh WAHHHHHHHHHHHH"

Look now, its OT. you don't deserve to celebrate with the rest of us when you give up on us so easily.
they dont make that call if they hadn't fudged on the other side tho... 8/10 in a tight game with less than 20secs to go 
Guys don't wanna admit when a twink gets them hard.
Oh shit, that's brutal. I feel so bad for the guy.
Yeah, that's it; sorry u/Stishes I had walked away..
sorry to hear that. i hope we get the W to cheer you up a bit
There's a weird timing technicality but still possible to play

How the fuck did this turn out
You could make the logic go either way. So in conclusion, this says nothing about Hayward’s return. It still remains unlikely.
In an alternate universe, Boston didn't do the Cavs or Sixers trades (and let's say the drafted Fultz instead of Tatum).

Can you imagine how miserable we would all be right now?   Everything that could have gone wrong would have gone wrong. 

(Though Hayward may not have broken his ankle without Kyrie tossing up the pass).

But IT, Bradley, and Crowder have all sucked, IT definitely hurt, Bradley supposedly hurt and Fultz disaster of a season, it would be a funeral in here.
So does that mean we’re gonna re-sign him?
No major holes in our team, did Ainge see the game against the Craptors?

holy shit man what a fucking dark place. We'd all be cussing each other out and shit would be awful. 
Every time I see those unfortunate videos of Fultz’s broken shot, I can’t help but to be so thankful that we didn’t draft him. 
FUCK YOU BRO YOU DONT KNOW WHAT YOURE TALKING ABOUT......is how this sub would look like 😁
If there's a parallel universe somewhere with me living in this scenario then I feel really bad for my alternate self.
It also fucks up our cap next year, and trust me you don't want to be paying a single cent in luxury tax next season, or it's gonna be a real difficult 2020-2023 for us
Yeah, 6 fans out of a thousand other fans. Just because those select few hate the C's, doesn't mean the majority of them do.
And people say our fans are awful
Well this is awkward. I might be the dude that just bailed on you.
We will finish with the 10th worst record and it is likely that you guys get Kings pick next year
We weren't getting the pick anyway, so the addition of IT hardly matters, tbh.
They are closer to the worst record in the league than the playoffs
Source? I’ve seen multiple posts about IT not starting, thatd probably be the worst defensive backcourt in the league by far I seriously doubt that.
Ever since the NBA rigged that game when they played the Lakers
All the Lakers FO cares about is making space for free agents, and players don't intentionally lose games. The FO tries to build a team that's awful while pretending to try, players aren't going to purposely play bad and hurt their value so a franchise they probably won't even be playing for in a couple years can get a high draft pick.
I understand your point. Can we both just agree that fuck L.A.?
Dude. Terrence Williams and his sick Jordan 28's will forever be in my heart. #55Forevah
You mean 6ft 8 Nance?
Fucking Eric Williams. Back when I didn't know it was impossible to make Eric Williams work in NBA Live 2002.
Bucks fan here.  Take care of Moose.  Expect a lot of "AND ONEEEEEEE"  We got a steal with the Bledsoe trade, but it still hurt a lot to lose Moose :(
dude what the fuck
Jesus man get the Fuck out
How bad was it?
The MOOSE is fucking LOOOSE
Memphis *didn't* take this??? What the fuck are they doing
I dont blame Memphis. That trade STINKS for them. If they agreed the narrative is how "Danny robbed another team"
Thank god Memphis FO is stupid
Sick of hearing that. Dude can do no wrong amongst these fans.
He's not garbage, you're garbage. Also fuck you for hating on én Dabuselé
Why the fuck is this dude getting upvoted
Nader is snakebitten. Yabu is just really really raw.
Trust him for what? A late 1st isn’t gonna play for us any time soon. 
You can play that game with literally every GM.  
Fuck you its my opinion if you dont like it gtfo.
You’re still wrong tho
I don’t trust Ainge by wanting to give up a shitty pick? Are you kidding me? Fuck 
Yabu and 2 seconds is peanuts so I’m not really sure what the debate is.
Asking for a late 1st round pick isnt delusional.
Keeping him doesn't change the amount of money they can offer him. Basically they could get the assets and also sign him in the off-season with the MLE if that's what they wanted to do. They also kept him from playing for 2+ weeks to get keep him from getting injured before the deadline, which now seems pointless.
Yes. Theres a reason players are bought out. Its usually because they stink.
Clarkson is a mid-high volume shooter with poor efficiency, mediocre playmaking and bad defense.

Nance is a dunker that can't shoot, protect the rim, or move his feet on the perimeter. The warriors are probably licking their lips at the thought of putting him in the P&R.
Did Vancouver not work out due to lack of fan interest? Or just poor ownership/management?
i mean, i can literally refer to this string of comments
This comment aged poorly hahah
I wanted tyreke really bad :(
Memphis fucked up, how can they justify keeping Tyreke? All he’s doing is screwing up their tank. They must have been asking a lot
Another lackluster trade deadline for us :/
*::slow clap::*
I don’t think that the Celtics not making any trades is a bad thing. 
Defensive Bull dog and a leader. Trading him would've fucked the chemistry. YOU DO YOU DANNY.
It's not his shooting that gets him hated by Celtics fans it's his shot selection at times. He needs to understand he's almost never gonna be the first of second option and sometimes he doesn't realize that.
Dude they asked for Saric in talks with Philly, they're fucking delusional. 
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
I’d rather take Belinelli off waivers tbh. ISO Joe is too similar to Mook, I’d rather have a Belinelli type of a shooter, who has a driving/mid-range game as well. Really similar to Korver, actually, plus Belinelli would add another guy with championship experience which we need so badly.
I never wanted Marcus traded, I’d be devasted if he got traded tbh. Idt the grizzlies thought they were getting smart, that’d be a stupid trade.
Im sick of waiting. Make a fucking move. The Cavs are so weak they gave up half their roster. Making moves would help us THIS YEAR.
It wouldn't but apparently Memphis are crazy.
He’s going to pick the Cavs over us 

Fuck
So if he gets waived, would we not finalize the deal with Monroe? What would the logistics behind signing Johnson be?
Fuck you
I say the same thing. He gets a lot of hate for a rookie who maybe gets 8 minutes a game.
Remember when Horford wasn't signing with Boston? Ill believe we're not getting him when the deadline officially hits. 
Fuck
COLD BLOODED DANNY
Danny wtf are you doing? THE FUTURE IS NOW
Dammit........... UGH at least we got Monroe!
We should offer them at least 2 2nds, and if they don't take that, then goodbye. 
Blakey is an idiot 
No

A) Why would Miami release him?

B) Fuck Dwyane Wade
So by your logic, Monroe stinks?
When they say 11th hour - do they mean like 11pm? What time is the deadline?
I dunno, he's been having a really bad year.  
Thank God Danny is not a reactionary guy. If he were like the posters on here, the roster would've blown up by now and exhausted all flexibility.
Everyone keeps saying Lakers pick won't convey, but they're currently the 9th worst team. Only 4 game difference from them and the 5th worst. That pick is still very much possible. 
They can have the 5th worst record and the pick might not convey. It's all about the ping pong balls and randomness :/ 
Aww shit! My bad. 
Take your blinders off. 

IT is all about his brand. Everything is about IT.

His “I asked for the max and got traded” sympathy tour to his contrived Reality show should have convinced you. 

His attempts to dictate when the Celtics would play a video tribute to him because he wanted it to be during a nationally televised game so he could “show us what we lost” were another clue.
Never mind is dismissal of Paul Pierce’s feelings regarding his jersey retirement.

This guys just spent the last month trashing his teammates to the press after every game trying to divert attention from his bad performances. 

No thank you. He belongs in LA where everyone is fake like him. 

Those of you who still don’t see who this guy really is can’t be helped. 
Isaiah wouldn’t be a bad bench scoring option but that would be a tough pill for him to swallow seeing his replacement get starter minutes over him. 
I stopped in the middle of typing the sentence and forgot to type “bought out”. Stop being so dramatic
Your title implies you’re the one being dramatic here 
Well I’m sorry for implying you’re irrational then. 
what the fuck is going on i just got here
i was at that game where we cheered for gordon and jae threw a hissy fit. i alllllmost feel bad.
Holy crap you're right!
Can't be worse than it was? They should be a really decent team by playoffs.

Starters : [Hill / Hood / Lebron / Love / Thompson] 

Bench : [~~Wade~~Clarkson / JR / Korver / Green / Nance] 
I was there too. 

I don’t feel bad at all. Jae was a bitch for that tbh. 
Crowder is terrible...
I thought Jerebko was being traded and I almost went insane
I feel so bad for anyone who has to play with Fuckboi Lebron, the Ballhogging, non-stop whiny little bitch.
NOOOOO FUCK OFF KNICKS
Get your dirty hands off my baby 
Get the fuck outta here. 
At least there won't be any drama from the IT tribute video fiasco :(
I’m gonna be there that’s sick 
I'm going and i can't fucking wait
Contrary to what IT and you may think, everything isn’t about fucking IT.

At least now he doesn’t have to worry about the ‘video tribute incident’ on Sunday
I feel so bad for IT man
Feel bad for IT. 
Man I hate seeing IT get shuffled around like he ain’t shit. Hoping he proves everyone wrong (again) even if it is with the fucking lakers 
DO WE HAVE TO HATE ISAIAH NOW
Man I thought IT in Cavs colors was wrong.. but that's nothing compared to this despicable purple and yellow shit :(
Soooooo the Cavs just got a lot better.

Also, Poor IT :( 
If the Lakers slide to 2-5 I'm going to 100% believe the conspiracy that IT is a secret Celtics agent. 
Secret agent man. 
IT goes from a shitty fan base to an even worse one
Does this make the Lakers worse? 
at least there's no video tribute controversy
Inb4 IT wasn't the locker room cancer and that horrible team still implodes. I hate how he's been scapegoated for all their problems
I feel horrible for IT. He's going to sit on the bench behind Lonzo fucking Ball. Makes me sick to my stomach. 
The worst thing about this trade is how toxic the /r/lakers is being towards IT. Fuck, they have Lavar Ball, and they're saying IT is locker room cancer?
This is so fucked up. Fuck the Cavs for this shit. The guy was hurt and they gave him a month
Didn’t he just say he wanted to stay in Cleveland... poor IT 
I'M LAUGHING HARD
Ouch, gotta feel for IT man, this sucks
Clearing all that space for LA smh.

Cleveland may have just traded IT, Frye, AND LEBRON to LA, AND a 1st round pick! Why hand that cap space to the Lakers?
I feel bad for IT, but I think this means the Celtics won the Kyrie-IT trade....
I feel bad. He's gotta uproot his family AGAIN. At least in Cleveland he was going to get to play for a contender as sort of a consolation prize for getting unceremoniously dumped. Hopefully he can take a bigger role in LA and get his numbers up to hopefully get that Brinks truck he's been after.
Video tribute, no issues anymore. Worst part, he plays for Lakers. 
They won’t appreciate him. Fucking assholes. 
*You were supposed to defeat the dark side! Not join it!*
I feel so fucking bad for IT. /r/nba has always basically been a LeBron fan-sub but the hate he's getting right now is so extreme and ridiculous. He's replaced KD as the most hated dude on that sub rn. 
If you had told me at this time last year that in a year's time I.T. was going to be playing for the Lakers I would have puked and been furious. 

Now I just feel bad for him. 
Looking forward to this episode of Book of Isaiah.

All kidding aside, I feel bad for IT, he bought a house in Cleveland and he doesn't deserve to get traded around like he has. 
Cavs are fucking idiots. They did okay getting some talent like Nance and Hood, but they won't beat GS. My feeling is will trade that pick on draft night to get a star. It isn't the worst for the Cavs but I don't expect them to beat GS this year.
Eesh, of all places to land up...Poor IT :(
Well this just confirms that we fleeced Cleveland in that deal. Sucks for IT but he shouldn’t have been making brinks trucks comments and whatever the hell was going on in Cleveland
I don't wanna see IT in a lakers uniforms:(
Smfh he doesn’t deserve this at all..cavs essentially swapped kyrie for Jordan clarkson because lebron hated IT so much
Don't, he can now take 25 shots a game in LA and hit free agency.

Although he has been miserable this year.

He sealed his fate with his post game pressers.
I dunno, you can't really put a value on being on getting out of a terrible work environment. Plus he will probably be a lot happier just living in LA.
I'm not ready to hate Isaiah yet
I’d rather root for the Cavaliers than the Lakers. Need the draft pick and fuck them.
Too bad he's not a similar player at this point.
> this fucking guy


Unless IT continues playing really bad and/or gets hurt. Then it could possibly help.
[:(](https://mobile.twitter.com/wojespn/status/961648533509111809)
Bzzzzt wrong Crowder just got traded as well... And DRose too...

So now it's literally trading

Rookie of the year gold medallist finals MVP all-star Kyrie Irving

For two role player spuds from a tanking LA team

Cavs in 4 tho
Laker fan here with a late reply.

Clarkson can get you 15 in 10 minutes. He's one of those lou-williams types off the bench where the dude can flat out score. He has one of the smoothest jumpers in the game. I think he'll surprise a lot of people in Cleveland. 
Because he sucks 
let's not pretend like it wasn't the celtics fanbase that started the brinks truck backlash.

IT hate is media generated by way of constantly asking him questions about the trade and him wanting to be a celtic, and its created a bad aura in the cavs locker room. lakers fans are just (rightfully) worried that it will be brought to LA 
He does need to stfu up though. He wanted this obviously. He's been talking bad about Cleveland since he came back from injury.

Does the brinks truck come for 10M? Cuz that's what he is getting.
Yeah it  sucks. Some of it is IT's fault.  He has thrown his teammates under the bus in CLE
Post game pressers? What did I miss?
What did he say post game?
He always wanted to be a Laker still feel bad tho
You didn't want to, but you did. Damn. You're that mad about the ....... I just want to take my time so it registers....... video tribute? Is there something else that's bugging you? Did he touch you?!
I mean, he was mad about the trade but he's a grown dude and got over it. Why can't you? He was THE MAN last year, why all the hate?
I don't think they did. But I've always hated Clarkson and thought he was trash so...

Maybe they went from having a 0.1% chance of winning a championship to 0.2. Fuck them.
Man I'd hate to see him benched on the team he was conditioned to hate.
Well not the way IT's been playing sadly

Not saying we should, but we desperately need a bench scorer and IT def fits that profile. 

But there's no way we do that and there's no way he agrees to come here.
This makes both teams worse IMO
"Damn IT is a Laker now wtf"
He’s been trash because he was injured and is chucking up bad shots. “LeBron Ball” isn’t making him shoot 30 and 20 percent.
I mean you say that, but like, the whole reason we got Kyrie is because he hated Cleveland.
Lonzo's out until after the all star break. He gets at least a few games to start. He'll also play heavy minutes off the bench if he earns them. 

If he doesn't take the bench role, still plays poorly, and is an issue in the locker room, I bet we buy him out. 
holy fuck you need to shut the fuck up. Not only is your opinion objectively wrong, but you're so fucking potato about it too.
Yeah it would take a pretty awful turnaround to get that pick. Like, LA would need to trade Luke Walton for Lue
compromise, he balls out and everyone else sucks so we get Lakers pick?
How can an opinion be wrong. Quit crying, IT knows the game by now. He's a pro athlete. I'm sorry if that hurts your feelings.
Rip the dream of the cavs being worse

He could be a buy-out contender.  But does GS want him? I mean he has had chemistry issues, stll not healthy and a defensve liability. 

Adding this frustrated version of IT is risky when you are likely to sail to a title without any major changes. 
I just don't feel bad for them when they get traded. 
I replied to the guy who said he felt bad for IT for all the lost money, and moving his Kids. It's like grow the fuck up. 

I love basketball. Some players I could take or leave. I always thought IT was a bit of a diva. If you told me he had a horrible accident and could never play again, I'd be upset. But getting traded to LA. No, that doesn't upset me at all.
Me too :(
Without the video I would have called this fake cause he's too woke to dream 😂
I mean, that was the plan before he got injured.
Game 4*
From my perspective, the trade deadline is evil!
Fuck. This team - they all bros
i thought he said mario party for kyrie but i'm probably wrong
Go to the Cavs game
Cavs because duh
Edit: Isaiah Thomas Cavs debut in Boston... <<< That's IF he doesn't get traded which holy crap I honestly do not care about these mid season trades I mean I hope we keep Marcus but I HOPE Isaiah gets traded..

That team and those fans do not deserve a player like him.
Yes. After the game.
...what if it’s at halftime and we’re getting blown out? What if it’s before the game and we lose? Might be a damper but that’s not the point of it
With that being said... I'd still really like Evans. Our bench would be insane with him and Moose. REKE AND MOOSE
Who is a serious contender besides gsw
I would trade Nader for peanuts, I'm never happy when I see him step on the court
Kuzma and Bell were late drafts pics. 
Oh sorry, I forgot the NBA playoffs were moved up to February. My mistake.
Oh shit sorry I didn’t realize i was replying to you. Brain fart, sorry. 
I'm sorry but there's just zero argument for this at all
I agree. he's probably drifted down closer to 7-7.5/year. he's forced offense this year trying to show off his offensive skill set and done terribly at it. him punching a wall or whatever was just the coup de grace on his desire for a big pay day. 

He threw down some nasty dunks
Game. Losing. Plays.
bruh if you see my feet youd be horrified its awful
That’s weird, those are generally guard numbers 
Fuck we have to watch the celebrity game now 
Is it me, or is Nick Cannon in this game EVERY year?
Yo I feel bad for Nate. It's was like just last year that he was trying to get teams to sign him off of Instagram. 
Ah my man Bubba in this game? That’s gonna be silly. 
Hands down the worst dude on Wildin Out. 
His stand up is awful too.
>Rachel DeMita

say no more
If I don't marry her or Abby Chin I've had failed at life
We need another baller! We need a guy who makes the guys on the other team go "Oh Shit! Where'd he go! Where'd the ball go!"
That is some reeally poor sentence structure, I’m not able to commit to a 100% GSW championship so I would hate if our coaching staff and front office were committed to it
MOOOOOOOOOOOSE! Really hope he blends well with our team. Hell, maybe he will eventually earn the [Mosi Tatupu treatment](https://www.boston.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/02/600MosiMooses.jpg) from the fan base.
I think he's going to take a lot of Aron's minutes sadly
Celtics may not show up every game but I feel I have this obligation!
Hate to say it but Stevens got outcoached last night. Horford was shut down and our offense completely fell off. It won’t happen again. 
Dammit...I used to have nightmares of the game where Derozan would get a switch onto Isaiah and just shoot over him. 

Now I’m gonna have nightmares of their bench unit shooting lights out all game long 
Worst performance this season 
It was just an off game, don't worry everybody 

John Wall's game-winner in 2017 ECSF Game 6 still haunts me...
Yeah it was a off game, but the Raptors was the one who won that game. We need to get Evans.
if our bench was better this game would've been a lot closer.  our bench is utter trash.  i don't even need to look at the stats to say that it's probably the worst in the league.
Unfortunately.. Celtics suck at offense. So if kyrie has a bad game.. they’re gonna lose.
They are insane at home this year...only 4 losses. That was a tough place to walk in to with Kyrie coming back from being out for awhile and Morris probably still having sore hip messing with his flow which probably had a lot to do with that awful 2nd quarter. Oh and not having Smart...that was the kind of game that he comes up big in. Not to mention Monroe...
His box outs are insanely over looked. He always finds a man around the hoop and puts a body on him while everyone else is standing watching. Majority of the time it opens the lane for a teammate to run in a grab the board. 
I guess...but I was just at the game and I’m literally in awe with how manhandled and lost the team just looked out there...I thought they were gonna turn things around in the second half but there’s no excuse for how atrocious we played tonight (sorry I’m venting) 😅
Why did Jaylen only take 5 shots?  I hate when he gets iced out.
It was clear that they were prepared for this game and treated it seriously unlike us. 
If we lose to the Wizards again, I might die. They stole my Christmas :(
THAT WAS A FUCKING SHITSHOW.
On to the next one is all I can think, can’t play that poorly very often. Bad game but that’s not us.
Worst game of the year, no effort, embarrassing d and second chances; we deserved to be crushed, and we were.
Turnover heaven today. Really painful to watch. 
Rough game. They happen. Horford, Tatum, Morris and Semi were all really bad. 
At least we get to keep Josh McDaniels
What a stupid week to be a Boston fan -_______-
I hated the rotations from Brad tonight. Kyrie + bench doesn't work because it neutralizes our bench's strong defense when teams can just attack Kyrie. And teams collapse on him when he has the ball.

I prefer the Tatum + bench lineups that always seem to work well. Let Tatum rack up shots with switchy defense
I too expect a 7 game series in the ECF!
Bro burn that fucking jersey
Please never wear that Horford jersey ever again, it's got some awful juju.
Fuck the Cavs, gg
when were they not lol
And in the process, we got to fuck the colts!!
I love that our hate for the Cavs triumphs the hate between the Celtics and the Raptors haha
Yea that's just flat out wrong
I mean, I also think that whatever team avoids the Cavs gets the pleasure of facing a scary bucks or pistons team, so I feel like there's no ideal 2nd round matchups
There really isn't any hate between the Celtics and Raptors. Except from Raps fans but they're an odd bunch
So they will shoot that lights out every game?
And the Cavs, with LeBron, just lost a 21-point lead to one of the worst teams in the league. At this point I feel people need to cut back on saying "they have LeBron," because, while I understand, the sheer awfulness the rest of the team is bringing with them is dragging him down to the point of zero salvation. 
Norm is so bad this year he's been out of the rotation.
Maybe. It's so hard to keep up.
Our guys won't shoot that bad every game either. 
> Even two seconds is weird to me

Says the guy in another team's sub Reddit to fail at a troll attempt
What ever Danny decides to do I'll trust him. He's earned that from this fan base at this point.
Especially fucking **Mudiay**.
Aron's screens are brutal, too. Defenders act like they ran into a bridge abutment.
Dislike his hero/zero game. 
Translation: "Report: common sense"
Finally someone not dick riding. Smart is a beast defensively, i hate him but cant deny the facts. what makes him a terrible piece for this team is his fucking offence. if he would just stop and play d, focus on moving the ball around, hang out with big daddy horf and learn a few things, id be all on board with it. But this shit has been happening all season. I would rather take my chance and get rid of him then wait and see if he maybe stops taking stupid shots and stealing offense from our better scorers.
well we need 20p/game in offense at the very least.  our offense is atrocious.
20th offense in a 30 team league is atrocious.
Eh, it's certainly bad, but I wouldn't qualify it as atrocious.  That's reserved for the real bottom of the barrel offenses like LA, Orlando, etc. 
Well the reports said they want a late 1st.  Nobody is giving up a late 1st for marcus.  So yeah - it’s unlikely. 
It’s unlikely cause the luxury tax and repeater tax implications of signing him 
Derozan making 3s is fucking terrifying
Hey at least we’re not the cavs
Well, hey, at least we got 90. GG Toronto!
Celtics need to stop fucking around and put Malcolm Butler in the game already. This is getting ridiculous.
I'm so fucking salty rn 
"Can't buy swag" - Mike Gorman

At least we just got that gem.
Meanwhile in Orlando: IT shooting 25% FG and 20% 3PT, Crowder at 17% FG and 0% 3PT.

At least the inside job is still working. 
Can't shoot, can't defend, can't rebound. wtf is this game?
Imagine we played every game like this. Then we'd be Cleveland XD
Theis goes 100% every game
I don't understand

HOW DOES EVERY TEAM SHOOT 90% AGAINST US ITS FUCKING PISSING ME OFF
GET THE FUCKING REBOUND
 I'm not super stressed but how the hell are we gonna come out in an important Eastern conference game like this? Stupid
This is some bad halftime “entertainment”
Holy fuck the Cavs are losing? Damnnnn
Oh fuck off Miles
This is a worse case scenario game. Literally
I hope Porzingis isn't seriously injured
Porzingis IS on Team Lebron, holy shit. That's so crazy. This rash of injuries has been horrible. Is this a pre-break fatigue thing?
The Raptors play really hard.
Wow these uniforms are SICK
I really hate these dudes 
Anyone see porzingis? I hope it isn’t a serious injury. Prayers out to the unicorn 
This halftime show is so hard to watch 
I might have to turn this game off. 
At least I’m getting this Bill Russell tribute video. 
At least the Cavs are still imploding 
Morris is selfish AF
this game is Murphy's law for boston 

everything that can go wrong, did go wrong 
idk if it's the pats game, or this but I'm raging so hard tonight.
The green tights with the white jerseys are ugly 
Kyrie looking scary
if you received an invite to a chat group for this game, just know that it's not organised by us, so use it with caution.
Morris has been terrible. 
Sometimes I hate Morris
What an awful fucking call
Shit, hope Baynes is alright, poor guy looks to be in some pain.
That was the worst post entry I’ve ever seen
holy fuck make a shot
Horford wtf are you doing laying Lowry like that 
5-0 out rebounded on offensive boards. Depressing.
Valanciunas wearing himself out by fouling everyone so hard
horford having one of those days where he does nothing all game 
Fuck it put in Bird and Allen 
Adversity forges hard diamonds
Reporting in from the North, fuck the Raptors!
You people are terrible fucking fans. Man the fuck up! The sky isn't falling.
Let's beat these stupid dinosaurs so they realise who's the daddy in the East.
At least this game isn't nationally televised.
Lowry cooks us every game
Holy fuck is that some atrocious greenscreen
Get rekt Lowry. Fuck Philly. 
Seriously?

Semi O jelly????
Morris seriously gotta use his head.  Can't afford to waste all these possessions when they're shooting like they are
 For fuck sake.
let's get scary
fucking Rozier man
Worst half of the year so far 
Terry is gonna try to posterize the fuck out of someone this game
Awful half from Tatum and Morris and Ibaka is completely taking Horford out of the game. 
I don't like this game
What game are these refs watching
What is that fucking call?
Oh man this game has been bad.
At least this might push danny to give up the 28th pick for a 20 ppg player
Jesus fucking Christ Horford step out on the damn three 
Barring some crazy miracle, it's over.
Take a long hard look at this game boys
This game is tough to watch 
Staying up till 3 am to see us get blown out sucks.

Hopefully we'll learn something from this game to get 'em next time.
How is this fan base this reactionary, occasionally there a shit show shooting games, esp in the environment 
Morris has been terrible tonight 
LMFAO FUCK DUDE
This is probably the worst we've played all season, against a potential playoff opponent. At least Brad will have a lot of film to look at. 
Prediction, every Raptors fan is commenting "fake 1st seed" in the r/NBA thread 
Fuck Drake
Pathetic showing by the Boston Celtics. 
Can we reach at least 60 by the end of this quarter?
Morris cannot fucking dribble 
On a side note.. at least I can do laundry without worrying about missing some game time
Thing is if Lowry was treating it like a playoff game he'd be missing everything 
Didn’t realize the Raptors were this dirty tbh
Wtf Toronto's division banners are bigger than our title banners 
Kinda looks like the Rockets game. We'll figure it out.
When Tatum Morris and Horford shoot 5/23 shit like this happens. Really awful game. This teams inability to score will lead to a disappointing playoff performance if the problem isn't assessed
Down with the Craptors!! 
Those sleaves are sick
Two minutes in and i really hate this announcer
Lowry is so thick man
FUCK outta here
Tatum cold so far, damn.
Tatum is off :(
Why do we have scoring droughts at the worst possible time
Scary Terry 
Scary Terry 
This guy with the mic is wearing a fake Breitling
Kyrie is fucking lethal
you dirty for that one Ky
We are just playing bad 
we are drunk.
Please let this get scary 
We hate playing well in the 2nd quarter 
Thought they were about to call a foul on Terry there and almost threw a thin mint across the room
FUCKING MISS 
so.... not great
This is sad
How in the fuck is that a travel? 
Dreadful. Their just torching us. We need to get on their level
Need bench scoring. If the 2nd unit made a few hoops this would be a game
soooo...... wtf?
This is fucking pathetic
At this point, this is a film session game. Let them use all their plays today
Awful shooting tonite, ball control has been pretty bad, and their screens are killing us, it’s like our guys have never faced one in their entire careers.
does someone want to fucking step up to lowry off the screens? hedge that shit if he hits another three off the pick im gonna jump off a bridge
Fuck it. Bring in Nader and yab
Just put the game on. What happened?
I just tuned in, why / how the fuck are we down 22?
I’m not giving up until the game clock hits 0:00
Does Nader being in mean we won't see any starters in the 4th?
At least Cavs getting beat by Orlando
I haven't turned off these games since that cavs ecf blowout. I'm close here.   this one... no redeeming qualities from this game here.  
My god how are we this bad. Literally every bad habit is coming back to bite us.
What a shit game
I don't get what ainge sees in nader to sign him

an open roster spot is preferable to his useless ass
FUCK THE RAPTORS
Still upset this game wasn't nationally televised in the U.S.?
I mean, the Raps turned up, but they are literally the worst team to lose this big to. They will write a fucking book about this game and still brag about that 30 point win after getting swept by us in the playoffs. 
Hope the Celtics smash them but also hope my boy JV continues going beast mode as he has lately. Sorry I'm Lithuanian and there's only two of us in the NBA at the moment.
God damn I hate the Raptors, so so much
These refs. Fucking garbage. Have we even been to the line tonight?!?
How the fuck do these refs call a foul for the Raptors on every other play 
i dont think celtics can beat raptors in a 7 game series, ik it’s a bad night but raptors have everything 
Its sad we're acting like Cleveland is worse.
Let’s beat them stupid dinosaurs 
Is it just me or are the TSN announcers the worst. Shut the fuck up about the Eagles already 
Reading the game thread you'd think we'd be down by 20
Fuck the raptors god
I fucking hate Morris. 
We really really need Tyreke Evans. This lack of offense is so bad to watch
JFC what was that lineup Brad?  And why the fuck are we going to Morris so much?  Tatum is once again a useless pylon out there.
Jaylen what the fuck dude
Nah fuck you Lowry
WHAT THE FUCK FUCK THIS FUCKING GAME FUCK THE RAPTORS
Pathetic effort and execution 
this game is just frustrating, this isn't the celtics team I know
All I can think to say is, the way we are playing, we would have lost even to the Kings tonight. Doing literally everything wrong out there.
wow, i was out tonight, what happened? :( FeelsBadMan
Baynes fails so hard on those lobs. Can't wait to see Monroe.
Well I hope this is a once-in-a-season type of game.
JV towering over Baynes. Crazy. Baynes is listed as 10 pounds heavier. Idk about that.
:(
jayson shoulda dunked that :(
lay ups are hard.
wtf with all the missed layups
Playing well but sloppy 
Scary Meter rising
SCARY
FUCK OFFENSIVE REBOUNDS
Morris is ridiculous man.
Layups are still hard.
Our offense is soooo stale
LAYUPS PLZ FUCK ME
um wtf im getting a weather monthly test in the middle of the game....
This is not ideal
We’re getting torched get fucking roZier and Jaylen back in 
This is pathetic 
It’s getting scary in here
they just cant miss wtf 
why does the jerseys look weird to me? whats going on?
Awful 2nd quarter, we couldn't create anything and they just ran at us in transition at will
I want Terry Jaylen Jayson Theis Al on the game 
Holy terrible call 
game 
This is ugly 
this game is ovef
Hey Brad...what the fuck dude?
These refs can go fuck themselves. 
This is miserable what was that pass
Why did we give up? That’s the worst part. Brad needs a TO. Or a lineup change. Something. 
I'll be at the game In DC, hopefully this shit is out of their system. Hopefully Kyrie gets his groove back
Not nice
Chill man it’s just a fucking joke holy shit
I fucking hate these Canadian assholes
Who else thinks this is the type of game we need u/3itkh ?
Baynes is useless 
Horrible call 
What a pathetic bitch ass quarter.
If that's a foul on Nader then Lowry and Van Fleet should be fouled out of the game.
who’s defense is worse? patriots or celtics? embarrassing week for boston rn
Why are people laughing at Cleveland?

We are getting beat much worse. Looks like the Celtics aren't even trying out there.
Baynes has a trash offensive game
Really tired of this teams inability to shoot
Fucking call an injury timeout you negligent fucking refs.
This is fucking pathetic
This is so pathetic 
Bench the fucking team Brad, enough of this embarrassment
Cleveland is fucking terrible, holy shit...
Do we have the least athletic garbage time roster in the NBA?
GET IT DOWN TO 20!!
This halftime show suuuuuucks. Fuck the Raptors
This sub is rank with fear.
This is what Toronto does, play the regular season like it's the playoffs, then choke come April 

Edit: choke in May - sorry
If Danny thinks we can compete without a Tyreke or a Lou he’s dead wrong. We need scoring badly
Thank God JV sucks
This is like the Christmas game all over again. Fucking embarrassing.
Tired of giving up offensive rebounds. Danny literally blow it all up to fix this please. I don’t even care anymore. Do anything.
pathetic effort.  these guys look like complete garbage tonight
Taking over unders at 82. Sorry boys but you played with no heart tonight
I WANT TO FUCKING DIE, PLEASE MORRIS PLEASEEEEEE
Ez game ez life
Im such a dick. Maybe thats why bad things happen to me.

Have mercy
God I hate that fat fuck
Fuck the mook haters 
Sad night.
MORRIS IS SO FUCKING BAD PORCODDIO 
The fuck is this chat party shit?
Hey at least you guys aren't the Cavs
stone hands really does need to work on his handle. Literally several instances each game where he loses control of the ball. It's uncanny. How can someone be such a world class athlete with such awful hand eye coordination? 
least you guys didnt blow a 20 point lead! GG my celtic bros! 
I hope we can get Evans. Him and Monroe can solve a lot of our secondary scoring problems. 
An ECF matchup between Boston and Toronto would be a lot of fun. Even non NBA fans I know are sick of the Cavs getting there. 
Wth Seriously
Also we missed everything.

37 points is really bad...
No intensity from our guys this game.
I hope you're right but I don't want to look like an idiot again in case Lebron destroys everyone in the playoffs again.
Cold ass take
I've followed Janos for about a month and still have no idea what the story behind him is. can someone fill me in. 
Fuck the raps fans the self hating Celts fans are unbearable. 
and the Raptors would get fucking wrecked by the Warriors if they made the finals.
So unbelievably bad even unrelated to sports and its only tuesday.
Week one of FUNemployment ain't bad so far 
I appreciate your optimism every game 
Poor porzingis
Yeah... Wtf is going on?!
This is not good news, this is fanfuckingtastic news.
What happened? I can't watch the game 
BONE BROTH FUCKING STEW FOR YEARS TO COME.
Bro you’re horrible at large text. 
He's awful.
the camera cut away, but he was bitching at the ref after the end buzzer; and then he was talking shit to Scary Terry as he walked past him.
The /r/NBA gamethread isn't even bad. Cut this garbage out dude. 
I don't think we'll be seeing Marcus against Raptors, at least not in our jersey.
And every random bench player shot lights out for them 
They're small time as fuck so obviously. 
It's not the wall.  He just freezes up in the biggest games.  He'll be absolutely useless in the playoffs
Toronto is playing a playoff game, the Celtics are playing a summer league game.  
Do his shorts look weird to anyone else??
I can't stand being in these game threads when it gets like this.
Misery loves company.. and you miserable fucks keep me coming back
Nowwwww you understand why raptors fans are mad at the NBA
They outscored the Grizz bench last game 62-19.  Ummm yes, they can keep this us.  Our defense is atrocious.
Definitely want either, but this game doesn’t show why we need depth, this is just a terrible effort.
Yeah this is just a bad night. We’re ice cold and they’re on fire.
And the nights when we play well it looks like we have everything.  Just a bad night.
They’re worse. Imagine if we were imploding like Cleveland rn.
They are we had one bad game they have been terrible for like 6 weeks.
i mean iso offense over and over he should hit something eventually
That was a horrible pass by Tatum right at the rim.  Jesus, his shots and passes now clanking off the rim.
That’s just how game threads are here. 
That doesn't explain the 20 point deficit though, just because he's testing lineups doesn't mean they can't be scoring. 
> I'm not worried about the team that is 1 game behind us

Objects in the rear view mirror are larger than they appear
...at least its not nationally televised...
Blow it up such a stupid take. 
Yeah, I'm honestly not too worried about this game. 
SEE YOU IN THE PLAYOFFS YOU FUCKING CUNT PORCODIO 
How about them Cavs. Fucking pathetic. 
A broken condom is why you exist 
Ban this fucking troll.
Fuck you
Shh shh it’s 9 pm, past your bed time. Go tell mommy to tuck you in. 
And you’re a fake Celtics fan. You’re not fooling anyone dude
We’ve already beat this team this year. Just an off game during the dog days of the season.
We are terrible, terrible body language doctors.
"awful" 
DeRozan shot like ass. Old raptors would've lost this with DeRozan going cold. The story is in their bench tonight.
That’s a fake rumor
99% of the sub has been saying we're not #1 in the east for months dude. Also step up your trolling game. 
So do the fucking rockets
#NEVER FORGIVE FOR DEFLATEGATE
#NEVER FORGET FOR DEFLATEGATE
#FUCK THE COLTS
We're not sure yet. They went to commercial and it was difficult to tell by the replay.
Sorry 🍁☘️
:( 
Let em, it's one game 
I'm so sick of it.  Him and Gortat are the kings of over the backs and moving screens that never get called
This shit drives me away. But unfortunately given that it's Toronto, the /r/NBA thread is shitty too. 
Understand that Raptors fans are the only ones who invade our sub like this and talked mad shit about being able to take down the Cavs when they got to the ECF. All teams do this stuff. This guy is just being salty in the heat of the moment after a loss, we’ve see every fan base have these nights. 
 Oh my bad.. I misread your post. I thought JV was a Celtics player
That’s what I mean - no one in Boston considers them a rival. Toronto is a joke in the playoffs. I hate the Wizards way more. 
That bad?
It was a horrible call. The ball was half way to the rim. The shot is over at that point. I've never agreed with those late ass calls.
This is one game, though, they've been doing this for awhile now...
If you listened to it though it was so blatantly shots at LeBron.. he would say things like "And people say LeBron is compared to Michael Jordon?" and then que the awkward laugh.... all because he read the stat line of Cavs giving up a lead tonight. 

It just felt disrespectful to me and not something you want to hear your commentator say. 
How is he wrong? Just curious. We are garbage tonight and are giving no effort.
You’re trolling a sub over a game, get some perspective. 
1 idiot does not make a fan base. See you guys next time and hopefully in the Eastern conference finals. 
Put some respect on our name.

And fuck the Celtics.
No lol I was just trying to make a dry joke but it backfired it wasn’t meant to be that serious 
Tatum's useless ass goes to the bench and we make a comeback
Fuck
Terrible wins. Just dont be shocked when its Raptors-Cavs in the ECF
So he got injured though? Out of the game... 
...what does this mean?
Not this bad
Why you wanna cover bb ass so bad
Thank you! I'll be fine, tonight's the worst part. 
Oh yeah for sure I see a lot of Raps trolls on your sub and frankly it's annoying. But what can you do lol there are idiots in every fan base 
Just some weird dad person 
I guess. I’m just worried about Kyrie, I feel the raptors are gonna attack him all night, and I still have nightmares of that game where Derozan repeatedly got a switch onto Isaiah and shot over him each time. Thankfully, Kyrie has about 5-6 inches on Isaiah. 
PICTURE THIS

T-RO Kyrie sneaker collab

scary Kyrie

i would literally cream my pants and buy 11 or 12 pairs
Crazy Explosives would like to have a word. 
Rozier was named in texts between Rick Pitino and an Adidas exec when they were talking about getting some Yeezys for a player. It isn't really a bad thing for Terry, but it's something to note considering the connections between Louisville and Adidas that came out with the FBI investigation.
Im not trying to “call it right”, it’s pure speculation and tons of people get addicted to pills after injuries. Literally just a random musing not meant to offend anyone. I hope that hasn’t happened to him, that’s a terrible situation for anyone.
Yo uh

What the fuck are you talkin about guy
Def missed it But that ain’t substance abuse. It’s worse , fucked up, but I’m not down just throw a painkiller addiction on a dude because he’s a piece of shit.
Fuck whatever y'all been hearin'
Ya, that is a bad trade. Memphis is going to be terrible next year. Trading a likely lottery pick for 1/2 year of Tyreke is not good. 
Do you mean Lou Williams? Is "Lue" how his name/nickname is correctly spelled? Not trolling you, buddy. It's just that for a while there, I thought you meant Tyronn Lue. 
I recognize that they look TRULY AWFUL this year, but how many years do we have to watch lebron dominate in the playoffs to recognize that he isn't going to go down without a fight 

this feels dumb to me but i also didn’t like the Kyrie and Tatum/Fultz trades so what the fuck do i know.
At this point, go ahead Danny. Haven't been mad about the outcome of a trade in recent memory. The man know what he's doing
Cant even put into words how bad I want Lou Will
I hated the Kevin Garnet trade. Felt giving up all the young talent was stupid. Wife reminds me every year how I felt. 
I loved the Fultz trade and hated the Kyrie trade. 1 out of 2 ain't bad.
I'd be shocked if they got a 1st for Smart... let alone Mudiay and a 1st.
We also lost the worst defensive player in the league, that had a lot to do with our defense improving 
I’ve lost hope. At least I don’t have to pick watch.
Still over 6% on lottery luck if they finish 9th worst and still plenty  of hope they end up 6-8th worst instead 
No doubt? Pretty stupid to assume no?
I’m hyped for this game tn
Fuck Toronto 
Thank fuck
Duh
Not sure why your being downvoted on a Celtics sub.
Maybe you should of said fuck the Raptors!?
Interacting with Maple Leaf fans is a painful experience. 
Nobody is moral so this question is irrelevant. 
What does “engaged in” mean? 
Questionable and not probable? Hmmm...if they're still hurt, there's no need to push through the pain.
Hopefully they play, Kyrie is the only thing that can boost my mood after Sunday :(



The NBA Playoffs starts on April 14. I feel sorry for the unbelievers. Gordon is coming back!!!
I am going to the game in Portland that night. If Gordon does make his return there, I am going to lose my shit
I mean ultra instinct is certainly not out of the question
i don’t fucking care
Ah lame. Himmels always being the wet blanket. 
Fake news!
We wouldn't have Evans' Bird rights so he would be almost impossible to re-sign 
And it could have been worse, sadly. 
My mind still read JJ as Jonas Jerebko. Sorry, u/fongos
Kyrie is the biggest moron in the nba
I think I agree with what you're saying, but I'm just not sure of what you're saying.
please choose the hawks game and force your father to go with you, will be a memory you both cherish for years to come 
Go to the Nets game 'cause I'll be there and want to shout at you from a distance.
Last games of the season are bad unless teams play for 1st seed or 8th seed. 
Take your dad to the game
I wonder if we're seeing a bit of language barrier here, with Theis being slow to pick up the call. I know from experience how hard it is to understand a non-native language when there's a lot of background noise. 
People that say Brad is a shitty coach don't notice these kinds of things in game. They seem to believe he just stands around and don't do anything until there's a timeout.
Also helps show just how vocal Stevens is. A lot of coaches just sit there and let the game play out
We already beat the Raptors without Kyrie, I can't wait to crush their stupid ass team and put them in their place. Fake 2nd seed.
Bless you timi, fuck Philadelphia 
Obligatory you are the goat, mad respect man
going to the game Thursday @WAS. Think I will see the moose debut? Deadline @ 3pm that day
Does he get to practice with the team and staff even if he's not signed yet? I at least hope he's already getting to know the system 
I know I'm gonna get flamed for saying this, but other than his defense, Baynes has NOT impressed me this season.
Danny playing 4D chess by not extending him past offseason 
MLE is not $8M.

Edit- Whoops looks like I'm wrong here. If you sign him for 4 years it is. I can't think of anyone that has gotten it for 4 years. Didn't even know that was a thing. My bad. Regardless, every bit counts, especially as a team that will be paying luxury tax. 
KD? You mean Dunn? I was so confused there for a second.
They’re saying that’s supposed to happen next offseason, so you might have to slightly overpay year 1 but after it’s a steal. Think Avery Bradley’s contract when 8 mil a year was outrageous.
Is it weird I started reading this to the Fresh Prince song and then got stuck after reading troubled childhood?
Why the fuck didn't Butler play?
Rumor by some random guy with a few hundred followers on Twitter. 
hoooo bby what a game
At least we have Al's buzzer beater. But BB lost that one
At least Al Horford salvaged my birthday.
Does anyone know a way to rewatch this game? Am I forced to go to like a torrent or something?
That contested 3 with like 2 mins left last night was cold blooded. Not sure if I've seen him pull that one out before. He looked like Kyrie on that play. 
It was a step-back as well
Edit: Wrong. Just a jab-step. 
Brady can't fucking throw the ball and catch the ball at the same time! He also can't catch the ball at other times too though.
What's insane is that it's entirely possible for Hayward to be our WORST 3pt shooter (%-wise at least) when he returns (Kyrie - 40.2%, Brown - 38.6%, Tatum - 44.0%, Horford - 44.2%).
Random question but does anyone know if he could sign an extension over the summer?
Load management generally is a game missed here and there, not 3 games in a row. But that being said, I agree it’s nothing to be worried about.
Dilly fucking dilly.
Unfortunately I'm a Boston fan in all aspects except hockey. Canucks fan :/
It's not even the game, it's everyone coming out all at once to say "FUCK BOSTON" that hurts the most. :(
im just sad 
I feel like I just watched game 7 of the 2010 finals again.
People still hate us for our success. That's just the truth.
im with you brother it stings after tom vs time episodes... fuck man
That's insane. It's like the sports Gods won't allow Pats and C's to share the glory in the same year.
I just saw a clip on the news of a Philly fan saying "Is Tom Brady finished or done?".

I'm trying to be gracious but he threw for 500 yards ya fucking mouth breather. I can usually take the Pats/Boston hate but this whole Butler situation has me on edge. 
so you root for a NY and Boston team? Disgusting. I'll never understand people like you
You don't deserve the downvotes. Here's one to bring some balance.

Also, Fuck Tom Brady.
Agreed. Football is a fuck ton of variance due to one game deciding it all. We won a couple we shouldn't have and lost a couple we should not have. 
I tried but I just can't get into hockey :/
Fucking poetry
I literally started following the NFL this year, took me all of about a week to figure out why everyone hates you. Every dynasty was hated by everyone else.
Have you ever been to a game in person?
Whoops, my bad. Maybe I was thinking of the Bruins?
So true. SB 42 was so painful I would trade 49 or 51 to get it back :( 
Fuck the Lakers
Yes it was hard fought on offense. Brady threw for 505 yards and 3 TDs. Neither team punted. That's just crazy. Wasn't an embarrassing loss or anything. Nothing close to what we did to Seattle and Atlanta. Or what Giants did to us. Philly earned it and hats off to them. I'm already moving on.
It's not that weird, when you consider we're celebrating games won by other people to begin with. We're just spectators anyway
I just don't think it's all that weird to take pride in our team's history. 
The Eagles play dirty and got away with a ton
Monroe unlikely before Thursday, Larkin out until after the all-star break. Hopefully Morris' ass is healed. 
At least we have C's basketball to give us comfort
Hope this gets him pumped up for the Raps game! If he's playing...
Looks like at least 3 people knew it 
Emmanuel MEHdiay... hard pass.
Holy shit that’s a bad trade
Fuck dot
Miss his defense but no doubt the offense is easier on the eyes when we aren’t giving heavy minutes to the worst offensive player in nba history. 

He’s rondo without the elite passing.  Hard to have an effective offense these days when one of the players can’t shoot at all. 
You mean China 
> the worst offensive player in nba history.

flaming mother of all hot takes
Smarts not worth a late 1st let alone Mudiay and a late 1st.  Not happening. 
Is horford having a hard time breathing? What's going on?
Man I was hoping he was going to be here for the Raptors game. Oh well, this puts him here in time for the Wizards game. I'm unsure what the rules are for a FA hanging around a team but I hope Brad is showing him some things.
I mean he could play in one or potentially both of them since the deadline is Thursday. Hopefully we have him for at least the end of the b2b.
Has anyone got a link for this post game presser?
That shit off brad! You’re a colt! 
It's venue food it's expensive, mediocre, and probably very bad for you. Get there super early and make a day out of it, go to a restaurant or something.
How about Brad walking off when he saw how Al shot it. 
Brad-"Ball Game."
I don't know if Al was imagining things or Brad did a subtle wink, but he doesn't make any motions whatsoever on the sideline. 

Must be that chemistry, looking into each other's eyes, knowing what needed to be done.
Yeah dude, the official NBC Sports Boston Roku app running off an ethernet chord is less reliable than the seediest pop-up ridden illegal stream. 
I watch the game on my laptop via r/nbastreams bruh. I hate using it on my phone though. Its cancer. 
LETS FUCKING GO
That camaraderie gets me so fuckin' hard
#LETS FUCKING GO!
Yikes. Sorry bud. At least one of your teams can come back from a deficit 
Bills competing for the division and Tom Brady playing do not go together. You aren't gonna compete until Brady retires. Sorry man
Fucking savage. 
Now I need the hug. :(
We went 9-7 with the worst passing offense in the league. Give us a QB that executes plays and we easily could have gone 11-5 or 12-4. And again that’s all in a transition year
holy fuck he did it
#BRAD WEARING THE NOT DONE IN THE POST GAME INTERVIEW WITH SCAL

#SLAYYYY QUEEN
Could we please get a vid of the last 3-4 minutes uncut?
#AL HORFORD, WHO ART IN BOSTON, HALLOWED BE THY GAME;
HOLY SHIT!!!!
NOW WHO THE FUCK SAID AL ISN’T AN ALL STAR
What's the Celts record this year being down by 15+ at one point in the game?
Couldn’t watch the game but watched the box score. AL HORFORD IS MY ALL STAR.
When are Mike and Scal going to start calling him Scary Terry?
ojeleye is probably happier than horford right now. he let him off the hook for that horrible and 1 he gave up. 
Biggest play of the game was Rozier playing through two fouls and still draining the shot. In the past, he may have chucked up a shot immediately on feeling contact or flailing and losing possession. 
Average Al!!!!!
sick
Let's fucking go! AL THE GAWD
Average Al doing average things like hitting  game winners
Man is it just me or does TD Garden have the worst fucking staff lol suck for both basketball and hockey

Its like you have to have a shit attitude to work there 
http://ballershoesdb.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/alhorford-Cropped-500x667.jpg
Al **Fucking** Horford.

GIVE ME THAT FUCKING GOLD ALREADY!!
I'M BOOGYING SO FUCKING HARD AL HORFORD BABY 
Every game should be the Al Horford moment of appreciation
come on man we had at least 3 fuck you buckets before Al's game winner
FUCK THE PREDICTION MACHINE YOU CAN’T PREDICT GREATNESS
BALL GAME
Al gonna hit the clutch game winner against Team Bron in ASG.
10-7 in 17 games being down some stupid amount

It's all stupid and makes no sense other than CELTICS
I don't know. I always use the illegal streams.
Jaylen's three from the corner was dirty.  So was T-Ro's bucket.
My bad fam.
I mean, unless you want to count Shaq or something?
I still want to know how bad the cut was, or cuts were.  How many stitches. It must have been really bad.
What the fuck is swiping a picture anyways? Batting at it like an angry cat?  Who didn't think he punched it  
Why can't this dude punch holes in drywall like someone with normal anger management issues.  Who tries to punch their fist through a glass picture on the wall? 
Worst excuse I've heard.    Not buying it. 
i mean ive always thought of a swipe being a literal punch. might be in the minority
Hey. What's "hand to the wall" mean?
Danny's going to use this game to convince some poor team that Abdel Nader is a legit asset at the deadline
I will never say a bad thing about Horford until the next time
Scary Terry third career night. Here we go.
JAYLEN BROWN DONT GIVE A FUCK
Al CALLED GAME 
WE HAD A FOUL TO GIVE WTF ARE U DOING
Respect that Jaylen truly doesn’t give a fuck about his percentages 
See that pisses me the fuck off. We give up TWO offensive boards followed by a questionable out of bounds call by the ref — and of course it leads to a three.
Intensity in this youth game is almost unbearable
I’ve never seen anybody get so fucked over by the refs than Baynes
THAT WASNT A TRAVEL. They’ve been inexplicably calling that shit all year.
I hate this new rule where you can play defense with your face. 
Fouled a bunch there too

Scary Terry doesn’t get scared tho 
WHAT THE FUCK?! Anyone else streaming from the NBCSB app? They keep cutting back from commercial late. Just missed whatever just happened.
sick fucking game. No Kyrie, Smart, Morris,Moose, Obv Hayward and we just grind it out. HEART
I feel like Jaylen always gets mugged at least once a game 
They didn't show the dab wtf!
Jesus we’re not going to get any of these 50/50 out of bounds calls

Edit: and another bad ref call leads to their ball, a foul, and likely points. Fuck this shit.
Those two missed free throws ignited a terrible sequence of events :(
Wtf they never play Queen when I'm there!
#GET THE FUCK OUT THEIS - coach of year
Scary Terry bout to go on a 15-0 run by himself
Do they have to match literally every 3 we make fuck
CHECK THE FUCKING CLOSET, ITS SCARY FUCKING TERRY
Stupid, stupid fou;
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE POST GAME THREAD
The Nader Sunday Showcase Game 
They call that after nurkic fucking shuffles on every offensive screen, please 
you wanna call THAT a moving screen but nurkic can hug theis all game
I swear they screen these shooting contestants to see if they played basketball ever in their lives. Qualifications are to not have played any basketball past 1st grade. 
We will pull this game out 
Poor Blazers don't know about the 4th quarter Celtics 
Pathetic refs, you should get ur asses fired
OMG I LUB YOU BBY JAYLEN.. YOU'RE GROWING UP BEFORE MY EYES :'(
#SCARY FUCKING TERRY
Scary Terry bitch
Scary terry doing work once again
You knew terry had to hit that so he could add “game winner” to his starter resume. 

Let’s stop them!
What pathetic defense.
And 1?? Wtf
At the very least use the foul on the drive
lmao might have been the worst defensive possession of the game
Time for an ugly Horford hook. Coin flip chance of it going in. 
BALL GAME BOIS
Big Game AL!!!!!! 👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽
Unbelievable defensive set aaaaaand we give up a 3 at the end of the shot clock
This is going to be a tough game
Random Semi Smash
Yep, this is the typical feel of an afternoon game.
Yabu breakout game incoming.
That one small girl in the front with the overdone makeup like a prostitute scared me.
Scals commentary is a work in progress. "Speaking of opportunistic, since he's checked in he's been opportunistic... In this game."
Really unfortunate close to the half. We need to regroup.
No dunks in the halftime game, smh. 0/10
43 rly hurting us this game 
Why cant Al play always as dominant as in these past possessions 
The loose ball Semi failed to grab led to not-so-good things. I hope we pick it up. LET'S GO!
Fuck these refs
Wtf are these turnovers
This new continuation rule is some mother fucking bullshit.
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Sorry if this has been discussed already, but anyone else annoyed by Gorman constantly referring to Nurkic as "Jurkic"?
Defensive play of the game by Semi
THIS GAME IS SO HYPE
Tatum is a fuck ASSASSIN 
This Raps game is probably the hardest test before the ASB
Clutch dame is pretty sick to watch tbh just hope we get some clutch terry
FUCKING TERRY 
SCARY AF
WTF T-ROZZAY THAT WAS SCARY AF
#SCARY TERRY MOTHERFUCKERS
game winner incoming
Really hate these damn ads playing on csnne. Missed the play because of it. 
I hate 60% of the comments in game threads. Assholes talking about "throwing the game away." Get fucked.
Palms are sweaty
Knees weak, arms are heavy
Vomit on my sweater already
Mom’s spaghetti
WHAT A FUCKING GAME!!!!
#GAME
Where' post game thread?
Brad don't give a fuck during this interview 
Are you fucking kidding me Semi?
Wtf Nader, know your game
#It’s just tired complaining about the refs at this point they fucking suck 
HOW IS THAT NOT CONTINUATION

#I FEEL LIKE IM TAKING CRAZY PILLS WITH THESE REFS
Fuck the Eagles
What the fuck is going on with this Scal Stevens interview
Baynes jump shot is soo bad man. 
Sad to say but when Semi takes a 3 in my mind I already assume it's a miss
That was some mean defense by Yabu to force that turnover 
Nader got some ugly ass tattoos

Is ed davis on team lebron or team curry in the all star game?
Fuck
If any of these guys get traded, I’m gonna be a little sad now
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING 
Portland’s rim is looking awfully soft...can’t wait for us to take some shots on it in the second half 👀👀👀
What a frustrating stretch of possessions.
Fuck come on
Dude fuck nurkic how are they calling nothing on him 
The last few minutes were sloppy ass fuck.
Felger sucks balls 
I hate Mike Felger.
Any team with bitchface Nurkic and his horrific body language is a lock to blow leads. 
Where is the fucker that complained that Horford doesn't do anything?
Baynes fall was a bit scary
As bad as my jumpshot is, it's nothing compared to that guy. 
That Tatum hesi is nasty
Theis and 1 no call fuck these refs
Damn Daniel thats a tough finish 
That was awful!! Both Nader and Semi stood there 
That was fucking pathetic 
Wtf are these possession calls by the refs?
Uhhhh Jaylen not coming in wtf
Terrible Call
Is there any reason why Tommy isn't doing home games lately? Did I miss something?
Did our viking pillage your family's village or something ref? wtf man
Holy shit his game is hype. I dont think Ive ever seen Tatum as pumped up at that offensive foul 
SCARY T!!!
The patented Dr. Jaylen "Fuck you 3"
WHOA, BABY! SCARY TERRY STEP BACK!
Rozier is so fucking clutch lmaooo
SCARY
SCARY TERRY
The refs are fucking outrageous 
#SCARY TERRY!!!
#SCARY
SCARY MOTHERFUCKING TERRY
Scary Terry is scary
[SCARY MOTHER FUCKING TERRY, BETTER RUN, BITCH!](https://m.imgur.com/fy7pGs9)
#LOCKDOWN D BEHIND THE THREE LINE. NO THREES.
that is so dumb
Are you fucking kidding me
I want a Tatum game winner
BIG FUCKING AL
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
My dick is so hard 
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
Oh shit!!
Nader is so bad 
#FUCK OFF FELGER
Fuck Nader, get him off
Give me a Theis double-double, and a Tatum-Shoots-the-Lights-Out kinda game, please.
holy shit that shot was ugly from aminu
Slow start fam
No. Love for theis 
Fuck
This one could get ugly
How in the fuck are we in this game? This is a Summer League lineup.
Maybe it's just me but does anyone else see Tatum's weird ankle movements sometimes. I've seen it all season and it just creeps me out sometimes
Take yabu out he failed his tryout again
FUCK YES
holy shit Russel Horfbrook!
Nurkic is doing illegal screens every time down the court and they call that BS on Al
Weak call
Slow down jesus
Well fuck
Rozier has been up and down this season.  A bad performance was predictable.  Hopefully he gets in a rhythm in the second half though. 
TIGHT RIM!!!!
Serious question. Is Dame over rated or under rated 

Also does he have freakishly small ears
LET'S FUCKING GOOOO SECOND HALF CELTICS!!!!!
Dame is nasty
Wow what a shockingly bad call
Such a flop and horrific call
We just can’t over the hump and take this fucking lead
Can Mo Harkless fuck off please?
Theis almost had a nasty block
Fuck Mo Harkless
fuck zach collins
Wtf was that
Bro, Nader is fucking horrible 
This game shows why Horford is an all-star 
How TF did connaughton get that rebound, that's weak 
holy fuck nader grab the rebound 
FUCK YOU NADER 
Bad time to be weak on the glass 
Harkless saving these guys. Don't Blazers fans hate him? 
Ref needs to fucking choke on his whistle already.
This is so dn frustrating to watch 
Hate fouls like that
Jusuf "Clumsy AF" Nurkic
Wtf no 2 for 1?
OH SO SCARY! OH SO SUGARY AND RANCHY!
fuck these refs. i dont give a fuck if you got a flight call the game
What a poor, poor performance by these officials
You aint serious
Fuck
Oh wtf
lets go Tatum game winner

AL FUCKING HORFORD
AL FUCKING HORFORDDDD
OH MY FUCKING GOD AL HORFORD!
Get fucked 
HORFORD WTF!!!!!!
#NADER THIS IS WHY WE HATE YOU.

Fucking blowing layups and letting the ball slip out of your hands inexplicably when we needed to end this play?
So sad and unnecessary that we’re throwing the game away because we give up the offensive rebound on a 4vs1 and they hit a three and go on a run.

Depressing.
Stop giving up wide open looks, girls

Edit: lmfao someone took this halftime game seriously 
COME ON NADER WTF
TBT when people used to hate on Rozier harder than they do Nader
#am I taking crazy pills?
I fucking hate this flagrant foul and replay bullshit. Wtf are they even looking at, it was so clearly a common foul. Stop getting soft like the NFL
Offensive boards killed this game. We need a fucking rebounder.

Edit: for everyone saying Monroe, I’ll wait until the paperwork is signed
Looks like another game we can blame on the refs 
REGRESSION TO THE MEAN
One red jersey versus four green ones and they get the ball. And hit the three.

Beyond pathetic. Could be the momentum shifter right there.
Semi sucks so bad at shooting 
Iso Tatum for the game plz and thnkyou
Oh crap, forgot about the Celtics! We should be ok, as usual the Blazers have 5 guys tops
Rebound the fucking ball guys. 
jesus Nader..... his defence is absolutely terrible... 
Rozier reversion to mean, knew it was coming.
Theis is throwing the game away
NBA GMs aren't that dumb to make trades off 1 game 
Haha, brutal
Crazy how both could have been nets 
game isnt over yet....
I'll take you up on that: He stopped playing selfishly 
They weren’t wrong
This place loves to do that. It's pathetic.
I mean it's him, Al, or Terry. Tough question 
I hate that stupid prediction machine. it's obviously some sort of basic algorithm that does not use any artificial intelligence/machine learning technique to try and make an accurate guess. pure filth.
But Terry doesn't get the foul, Jaylen didn't get the And 1 a couple minutes ago, but THAT gets the And 1. Inconsistent as fuck
I just woke up :( 
It's like trying a dildo on yourself. You may never do it again but you'll always know. Pls don't :(
Yeah I'm curious when the game is within like 10 points or so 
I just watched bomba last night and was not impressed against Oklahoma
FUCK GREEN AND WHITE NFL TEAMS.
Fucking cheesers
He’s been sick for the past bunch of games. 
Sick
They said he’s no longer sick but he’s having a long break 
"GET OUTTA HERE ROOK! YOU TOO ROOK! The fuck they're everyw.... THESE ARE ALL ROOKIES!!!"
Some people hate on children dance groups in games, but this is my only real issue with Lil Phunk.  They put a ridiculous amount of makeup on little girls for no reason. 
From what I know not. I am  anxious to see him playing with us
thats bad mate
Yeah 4th quarter is Dame Time. I hope it's T-Rozzay Time this game
He's sick
Been sick I believe
He was sick then decided to take a break
It ain't bad if its working 
I hate that I don't live in Massachusetts anymore, I would kill for a cannoli
He was hitting the past two games 
He was hitting them the past two games. It happens.
I mean with the previous 2 games, we was 100% guaranteed to suck ass this game. 
Not even Bolt can cover 300 yards in 24 seconds :/
The rebounding has been pretty bad this game, at least on the defensive side.
i'd hate him too if he only showed up to play 1 out of every 10 games.
Nah you're wrong, he is actually a 30 ppg scorer!
Fucking Dame. But you can't give him or CJ any space out there bc they'll make you pay
What do you expect him to do, seriously?
I’m with you this is a game where needs to drop 20 points 
Wasn’t Fultz a scorer in college? At least we didn’t waste a 1st pick on Semi
Yeah cause he'll be hammered from celebrating too hard 
yeah what were you saying? fuck you he hit a game winner
They’re doing an objectively bad fucking job
I hate your username. It’s so irritating 
That's my point. Very shallow bench today.
Cause the dudes in his 80's and he was sick and now he's still out.  Hope I'm wrong.
What the fuck dude(I hope you are dude)
I think he means the charge but I could be wrong
Well at the very least it will shut up the fans who think adding Tyreke or Lou Williams is a bad idea “cuz we already have Rozier”
What is the sickness?  Thought it was just a cold or something
oic my bad

A C A D E M I C B O Y E
If I was a chick then that'd be redundant. Point is once you break that seal it remains broken~ You go vegan, you'll always know that you were vegan once in your life!

Idk man
I said before the game that I expected him to take a lot of shots trying to keep up momentum but shoot like 25%
He isn't a scorer. I'd like it if he could dribble like Kyrie too... but it isn't his game unfortunately.
Are you a blind fan?  Semi hit him on the way up
I missed the first part of the game. Was he forcing a lot of bad shots up?
No not really.  Just inevitable he will have a bad shooting night. 
This makes complete sense but I feel like every time this team has had a transaction this year there has been a period of delay and limbo that’s driven our fan base crazy. Hayward’s decision, Hayward’s signing and joining of the team, the kyrie trade.
This is a sensible theory to me. Still a weird situation.
He’s on the injury report with knee soreness not sure why everyone thinks this is implying a trade
trade happening? wtf is going on. 
Apparently he's unavailable. Sorry fongos. Hopefully Tuesday!
This is insane.
Terrible bait. We all deserve better. Please improve yourself.
He gets hurt all the time fuck that 
I was serious
Dude what? Who the fuck has been defending that?


The Scary Terry Show continues.
damn. Going to the game tomorrow and i wanted to watch kyrie play...
Don't understand how that game is not nationally televised.
Fucking nailed it
I think he'll have a down game and people here will call for him to be traded because of course they will.  
it's just from the game notes http://www.nba.com/gamenotes/celtics.pdf

probably will be updated again tomorrow though
Tbf you have to be pretty shit to have a bad game vs Dame and CJ
Which is....fair but damn that sucks for Toronto 
The other the day they played Celtics and Knicks followed by Mavs and Suns. They should prioritize big games instead of boring matchups. 
Saw him at the Pats/Titans game with a grade A hottie 
That is such a weird analogy
Weird analogy, but I think it works. As bad as we are on offense at the moment, gordon will change that next year. I don't want to lose our defensive intensity. I feel like thats been what we've fallen back on all year. I remember a long run we had of keeping teams under 100 pts. 
Ainge won't even consider anything past 4/50M. 
He will get offered at least 12 mil from someone.
Noel sucks  he'll be out of the league 2 years from now.
 Not sure why this got downvoted. 
probably don't watch college. I'm one that usually doesn't. disappointing season for him?
The fuck do we need a 25-30 pick for? 
They wouldn't do it, not only is it a bad trade, it'd be a fucking PR nightmare 
He would have to show an awful lot to be picked in the 1st at this point. He’s an undersized catch and shoot player. I have argued he should be drafted, but anyone that takes him in the 1st is not going to enjoy their pick. 
If he doesn’t improve on his offensive game by the end of this year then he won’t have a choice. He’s looking at the 8-10 mil range I bet, 12 mil if a team is feeling overly generous.
It’s the repeater tax that’s the problem. The sooner you go over the line the sooner you incur that repeater penalty. 
If you can push it ahead for a year you’re saving a ton of money and possible avoiding difficult decisions down the road. 
 
oh dumb
Fuck my life
same here :(
A takeaway from past trade seasons, Woj doesn’t have sources in Boston’s FO
Wtf? Why? Hes like the only pg who can guard 1-5
I would like to keep Smart, but he has terrible timing.
Dude picked the wrong time to get injured. Rozier lighting the world on fire and him never developing an offensive game makes him expendable now 
This is why I said yesterday I wouldn't be shocked to see us trade Smart for Lou Williams.  Lou comes with bird rights.
The fact that this is upvoted is ridiculous 
He's mediocre. His shot is where offenses go to die.  Every team has guys like him that fans of those teams think no other team has 
Ive hated SMarts game for 2 years, get downvoted to the depths every time I say something negative about him. 
Cleveland laughs at us hysterically and hangs up.
It is hard to imagine us getting a pick of real value. So my sense is don't trade him. but I am concerned that Danny is fed up with his anger issues. He was suspended in 2015 for punching a guy in the balls, remember. Plus the college incident. 
for 1 game
I mean, how would you order the team?
I'm not sure if you noticed but that dude doesn't score anymore.  
Having him in the game is like playing 4 on 5 when it comes to offense. His shooting percentages are abysmal 
Even worse, they don’t guard him and he still shoots and misses. If he was smarter about his shot selection it wouldn’t be an issue. 
um paul pierce? and then we traded rookies that had never played a game for us. It’s different when you trade players that have played their entire career with you for scrap. Also look what rozier did again, kyrie is so average you all are too blind to see it 
yo sick dude
Seems you don't understand what was wrong with that situation and why the Celtics might suspend him.
Punching something because you're mad is an accident? 
I don't have an opinion regarding Marcus Smart's actions. I merely saw the opportunity for a dumb joke about picture frames.
He'll demand a trade after they fail to make the playoffs.  And Boogie will go to LAL next season.  they'll want at least another star in return, and Kyrie somewhat fits that mold.  Would also send them all our picks.
He'll get at least 12 million, this just how it works with RFA's.  
The fact that it's not his usual behaviour
It's fucking dumb, yes. Hot headed, yes.  Bad character? give me a fucking break.  Bad character is doing shady shit, hitting your girlfriend, stealing, etc.  In a moment of anger he punched an inanimate object.  


Marcus is the most active dude in the community on the Celtics. he regularly visits kids and tries to be positive influence.  A dumb mistake doesn't change that and it's not an indictment of his character at all. 
Putting yourself at risk and then the risk happening makes it your fault, not an accident. 

It's like driving fast in the rain. No, I didn't intentionally crash my car, but it didn't happen by accident...  it happened because I did some stupid shit. 
Okay but you're trying to say it was an accident. When I was mad I've never punch something on "accident". Either way you don't want players injuring themselves out of anger, it's fucking stupid.
Yeah, I never said anywhere that it was an accident.  


Agreed, fucking stupid. Don't think its evidence he's a bad person, at all. 
Oh sorry I’ll definitely change my typing to appeal to you from now on friend. 
Yea shouldn't have said bad character but I was mainly responding to the guy saying it was an accident 
Parting with 1st rounders for rentals is how mediocre teams stay mediocre.
haha sorry, it 100% was a semantics nitpick. Didn't mean to seem like it invalidated the rest of your statement!
I’ve been saying 10-12 a year would be a lot for him. Who ever signs him to a bigger contract then that has to explain why the worst shooter in the nba is being paid that much to the owner of the team. 
If that's the price it would be flat out stupid not to resign him. In this market for his impact and potential that remains in him as a player it would legitimately be stupid. 
I don't think 1 player can fix the cavs. No defense, mediocre coaching, finger pointing. not even a Paul George fixes that.
With terrible spacing
wtf
I'd listen to Mike Gorman narrate a game that wasn't even happening over listening to anyone else do Celtics coverage. Just put a mic in front of him and I'll close my eyes and envision  his words as he narrates Pierce shooting over LeBron in the eastern conference finals instead of Tatum shooting over Giannis.  
You’re right, last time Lou and Tyreke played for coach Stevens in the playoffs they were horrible. 
He's done that once in a 6 game series on less than 3 attempts per game and hasn't exceeded 31.3% other than that season
Some stupid team is going to give Lou 20+ there's no chance we re-sign him
Redick just got 23 million at age 33 so not sure what you're getting at here

And Williams is supposedly an all star snub
As you (and I) were saying...

I guess we're just going to have to wait another couple of years to see  
> Some stupid team is going to give Lou 20+

Well this aged well :(
Fuck outta here

I got blocked by u/3ITKH in the r/nba game thread
Guy is a joke.  All he does is hate on the Celtics. 
It's weird because he's actually a fan. He's posted write ups on this sub. 
Was I? All I was saying was not to give up on Nader just yet, remembering how bad Rozier was as a rookie.
A few people have been talking about Al putting his arms around Jaylen and Jayson towards the end of the game. Can you find it?
It was towards the end when one of them got subbed out.  
I didn't notice myself, but a few people were mentioning it in the game thread.
Ohh, so I guess Al was just stretching his arms but will upload the video soon!

EDIT: [Here you go!](https://streamable.com/8mt3h)
Plz give me reek bby, ill be personal servant to ramsey to make reek happen
It’s unlikely terry keeps this up.  He’s been up and down 
Why the fuck would we want Noah?
Larkin and Nader for Tyreke is laughable. Might as well throw in a hotdog or two and hope the Grizzlies bite. 
It's beyond redundant, it's just plain dumb. Why would we want to have two slow footed big guys with questionable defense in a today's NBA? Especially when we already have one all star 4/5 that's gobbling up 30mpg
Boston is downright scary. If I was a Cavs fan I'd be crying myself to sleep. No chance Lebron going to that team to screw it all up.
Scary is, in fact, Terry
Scary Terry or as his mother calls him Scarrence Terrance. 
[scary Terry bitch ](https://i.imgur.com/Wnhczcg.png) 
[Scary Terry!](https://imgur.com/a/xvvyU)
I don’t get the hate. We have loads of nicknames for everyone else.  
Who's Tito? Do you mean Khum?
My brain struggles so hard to read this as Chum. Makes me think of Kun Aguero 
Read the headline and thought "What's this all about? Did Marcus commit a felony?".  Then I realized it was much, much worse.
What an idiot!
At least they got him to remove his Dr J jersey before the game against the Sixers. 
Everyone who has wanted to trade him for some mediocre bench scorer on an expiring contract over the last three years needs to go sit in the corner and think about their life choices.  
why are u answering this question like he is serious?
I'm concerned. He's 83? Hopefully it's nothing too serious. It's weird Gorman has t provided any insight.
He’s been sick
I just noticed that today. I haven't heard his voice in a while, and even googled his name fearing the worst. Hope everything is okay 
Tommy would be having a hay day with Rozier playing like he has lately! Hope he’s doing well
Seems like every person I know that has gotten a cold this season, has had it last for anywhere from 4-6 weeks. Most of them haven't been that sick, just this lingering cough/cold and some fatigue that seems to linger for forever.

He said it was just a cold before the Knicks game, Tommy already had the flu earlier this year.
That’s been exactly my wife and myself since Christmas. But my wife just got the flu :(
Over the past 2 games...

**Terry Rozier** - 24 PPG / 6 APG / 9 RPG / 53% FG

**Goran Dragic** - 15.5 PPG / 4.5 APG / 3.5 RPG / 42% FG

Just saying...
trade kyrie for joakim noah and build around scary terry
#SCARY TERRY
SCARY TERRY
Crazy to think Tatum can put up numbers like this as someone who hasn't even been born yet.
Terry not letting his dreams just be memes. He is scary.
How the fuck are people on Twitter saying they'd rather have Lauri m rather than Tatum??? 
Classic trap game at home with 4 rotation players out and playing against a bad team. Can't believe we were able to score at will with all the young guys out there!! Scary Terry is real scary

Starter Terry > Scary Terry
Scary Terry ........ Bitch! 
WILL THE POINT GUARD POSITION BE RE-EVALUATED AFTER THIS GAME? 
I'm sad guys, Terry is gonna leave us and get paid :(
Terry is actually scary now
T-Ro, Scary Terry big boss ! *Tyga Voice*
Shit bro Terry should of been that all star.  This is scary Terry world we're just living in it.
Terry is a ridiculous +63 in 68 minutes...
Gonna be upset when he loses minutes due to Monroe
Let's not get carried away and remember we played two of the worst teams in the league these past two games. When defenses get tight you really expecting us to play this well without Morris and Smart?
The same reason y people on Twitter think the Eagles are going to be the Pats. Idiots.
because they automatically hate the Cs, mostly because the Pats have dominated the last 15+ years in the NFL, therefore any Boston sports team is evil and everything about them should be attacked
We’re on to Cincin-I mean Portland 
Nope, scary Terry is untouchable. 
Hayward stats awful too. Can't trust the vets! Go with the youth!
Some but my thought is Semi loses a lot of minutes. 
when everyone else is memeing and you're serious
I’m not gay but 
Serious question: what is the rule when the ball bounces off the ref like it did then?
Scalabrine says it, but damn that pullup by Jaylen is icy. Such a hard shot in transition and weird to see these days
Hey at least I don't troll like you do bud huh?

That's sort of my thought, but do you think it'll take too long to get out of the garage after the game?
Not from Maine but it's basically a southern state but cold.
The pistons prob hate us rn
wtf does Tatum have to do to get a whistle!?
This is a goddam exhibition game
Hello, friends, I am at "the" game tonight, wish daniel Theis would collect mroe points
#GIVE THEIS 10 REBOUNDS AND 10 ASSISTS FOR THAT SHIT!
Is it just me or does Theis get called for fucking everything he does? 
I really hope I see more Theis minutes or you guys are going to see an insane piece about how he was Snubbed from This game (hawks) (game)
Please stop with all this Smart hate. 
THE ONE GAME I GO TO THEIS HAS ONLY 2 POINTS AND HARDLY ANY MINUTES!??!? 
Rozier is the fucking GOAT
League fucked, our roster has like 7 all-stars.
yeah let's not make this a close game 
I have no doubt Tatum would average over 20 had he been drafted by a bad team. 
I have a feeling these refs are just going to get worse
Holy fuck chill terry
They are calling everything a fucking foul.
And this is why r/nba can get fucked. 
ref is a pussy ass punk bitch trying to piss all over this game to assert his dominance. 
T-Ro has fucking springs in his legs... It's unbelievable.
Tatum and Rozier get slapped around every time they drive to the basket and no calls. Bazemore gets looked at the wrong way and gets a call. Jesus Christ. 
Jaylen's finish has gotten a lot stronger lately. 
HOLY FUCKING FUCK
fucking Rozierrrrr
Scary and Tatum with 58 points combined!
Feel like this might be a bad one none of these lineups have any experience together gonna need the Jays to take over tonight
Anyone else in the Boston area have the game blacked out? There's some G-league game on atm
Tatum gets rooked every game. 
and fucking 1 come on ref.
What a fucking pass by Al
Baynes is a scary man
holy fuck JT, please stop that flexing
JT's pullup jumper is fucking money
Holy fuck Terry.
Terry wtf bro....
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Instead of roasted chicken I'm having roasted hawk tonight! 
AND 1 ROTY FUCK YES!!!!!
Collins can dunk tho, guy's got crazy hops
WHY IS NADER IN THE GAME?????
Game thread is a little barren tonight, huh? 
Jaylen's passing has improved of late
Fuck Shroder
This game is gonna be frustrating, I can already tell...

Horrible officiating. Dedmon got fouled. Tatum got fouled... CALL SOMETHING 
Late whistle
Heading to a bar to see the game. We're losing because I haven't started watching yet! 
This game might need to get Scary. I still say they should feed Brown and Tatum as much as they can just to see how it goes. 
goddam Terry that was nasty
Let's just Terry go for 80 in this game.
Terry has become quite scary
Seriously Prince's weak ass is gonna hit every fucking shot?
wtf jaylen
Who's that blindly with the Celts beany and pats jersey. I'm gonna marry her
##SCARY
scary!!
holy fucking Terry
I just got here boys. Terry is in fact Scary. Also where’s Tommy?
Scal is never happy w the prediction machine 
Rozier. Bro. What the FUCK. 28 points?
Bazemore’s a dirty slut
Is tatum done? :(
Fuck you Prince... 
How the fuck is Prince getting all of these calls? 
Youngbloods working hard
At least Nader could never be falsely convicted of murder. Because everyone knows he can’t shoot.
I called 26 or 28 from Tatum before the game, he got 27!
Why is Nader still in the game? Can we get some Tatum?
#FUCK YESSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!
Bad call. 
I'm fucking shook
**SCARY TERRY TO DROP 40**
**JAYLEN BROWN TO DROP THE ENTIRE HAWKS TEAM**
Man, I hate how the league pass feed cuts off the player intros to cut to the TV feed. Let that shit play through!
Tatum 40 point game incoming. 
Tatum hasn't been getting any calls lately

Hope Kadeem the dream can play solid here. It’s gotta be crazy stressful to go on a cold streak when you play so few minutes 
Nader fuck
Does anybody know what Tatum's 3% is?  I know it's gone down lately
Can we get Tyreke Evans for the rest of tonights game?
Tatum too slow on those
I won't be mad if Terry chucks 30 shots tonight 
SCARY TERRY = GOAT
TERRIFYING
Fuck it trade Irving
TERRY ROZIER IS THE FUCKING MVP
I am fucking spooked af
Nader is atrocious, jeez
wow our next 4 games are brutal
Scal wanted to say "built like a brick shithouse" so bad
Haha, that grade A moron fan that was in Westbrook's face last night is banned from NBA arenas.
You can't leave Scary Terry open like that wtf ?
Yo, FUCK the Hawks
Scary Terry has evolved to Terrifying Terry!
Holy fuck
Tatum and rozier 30 point game
#SCARY, NO TO TRADE
This offense tonight is making me hard.
Wtf Prince 
I feel like a lot of boards have just fallen in Jayson's lap this game
NADER SUCKS
Is the bench tonight gonna be all rookies? That’s crazy
Holy shit that Terry rebound!
REV UP YOUR SCARY TERRY MOTORS!
Mark Blount 40 pt game incoming
**SCARY**
wtf Schroder...
Scary Terry be like: "Who the fuck is Russel Westbrook?"
Hawks commentator not named Dominique Wilkins is annoying
We got the scary Terry tonight let’s go 
Illyasova has such a weird follow through. 
I feel like the refs are doing the equivalent of talking shit behind Tommys back since hes not there tonight.
Scary Terry.
Haven’t watched a game in a while. Forgive me for asking but where’s Tommy?
How is it that professional basketball players are so bad at blocking out?
#SCARY TERRY
Prince is niceee

Poor mans Kawhi 
Has Prince missed all game? 
I kinda feel bad for Prince...
Can we please just run away with one game? 
Nader is so painful to watch.
Kadeem Allen sucks
Say bye bye to Scary Terry. 
Jaylen needs to wake the fuck up on defense its getting so annoying
worse, brad said a mean word to them
Sick. 😕
Sorry meant longboi 
Agreed. I usually hate his game. Feel like whenever he's in, he just jacks up shots and tries to force everything, but he's definitely playing more within the rhythm of the game tonight. 
His 2K character is appreciating it at least
I think he's under the weather again. Flu's hitting everyone hard.
You mean is T-Ro mentoring Kyrie?
he's like eric bledsoe when he played behind chris paul in LA
Then it ***took*** off. Almost feel bad for him.
2 bad tech fouls? Officiating has been horrible both ways
Seriously, seems like he's been in the league 10 years
Nah it’s actually *scary*
Looks like you were WRONG then PAL! 😁
Under the weather :(
If that had been Tatum it would have been called an offensive foul, these fucking refs are shit.
Scary Terry 
Two words. SCARY. TERRY. 
He's sick :(
Bellinelli and Schroeder have lit us up, and the one game he sat against the Warriors, Steph crushed us. Don't think he's worried
Mad enough to lacerate a hand? 
He's from the G league playing serious minutes
Home game v Jazz on Dec 15.
Nothing wrong with the guys being hungry. As long as it doesn't cause any friction.
Esp when we're making him look like fucking Jaylen (MJ) out there
I mean TBF I would be devastated if Brad said something mean to me too.
I fucking wish
We'll roast em til they extinct by end of game 
What was the last game he did? I didnt watch any of the late west coasts games, was he in studio?
Fuck Schroeder 
22 vs the Knicks (4th career game)
It's been a long week and I missed it. In my mind the last game was the Nuggets game. IGNORE. 
I saw him going off in the r/NBA game thread and getting his usual barrage of downvots
That’s beyond stupid.
the fact that the ref saves a ball going out of bounds, and calling it in play is just as stupid
He's gonna get a monster contract from some poor small market team in a few months.
Anyone else excited to see a weird lineup of Moose, AoA, Mook, Semi, and Smart?  The spacing would be terrible. But the other team will s*** themselves.
Fuck the Raptors and their corny ass team
toronto is so fucked
[I'd use seatgeek.](https://seatgeek.com/clippers-at-celtics-tickets/2-14-2018-boston-massachusetts-td-garden/nba/3993328)

I'm not sure if its allowed to post the link so I'll take this down if it is
shocked by the fact people aren't unanimously saying 5 or 34 jesus fuck
I was born in 1987, why would I care about some tall DeadHead? /s

Srly that was a bad omission on my part. Forgot he rocked #5 with the C's.
Scary Terry leading the Skeleton Crew. 
Looking forward to a Scary Terry quadruple double tonight.
scary terry tito three sticks going for the quadruple double 
so how bad is kyries quad? did they give a window or anything i haven't heard much about it
Looking forward to the Scary Terry quintuple-double coming Sunday 
so what is going to happen when game 4 of the finals come???

How the fuck you gonna sign up for a loss at 2pm against one of the worst teams in the league? 
scores 100  to clinch game 7 of the finals and makes KD retire in disgrace!
Kyrie is out. Definitely not ideal. 
It's alright.  We've got Terrifying Terry ready to drop a quadruple-double.
Scary on a mission.
I'm going to the game though so I'm not fine with that...
Monroe is pretty bad on D, I think we'll keep Baynes 
Idk where Tf all this baynes hate came from. Could just be me but I thought he's been playing solid all year and has exceeded my expectations
Scary Terry...?? 
Man Danny needs to stop fucking around and just give the pick up 

Tyreke will have us in the finals 
And Basketball Reference has RJ Hunter with a PER of 38.8!

(for this year, in 2 games, 1 minute per game for the Houston Rockets.)
That’s all I’m saying.  You think you have a shot?  Then yeah, you do the deal.  You make that calculation.  You don’t do it because late firsts are worthless though so why not.
Sorry if this is a stupid question, it is Friday and I’m partaking in a few drinks, does this mean that Hayward cannot play until June 15, even if he is ready to go before then?
Hearing from my sources that he wanted to go with LOSCY but he just found out that it's retired :(
Idk why but I think he'll look mean in a 54
Larkin gone. Tyreke takes 12, Terry takes 8 cause he doesn't fuck with 12. GMG
you mean the ".!!!!"
So is it unlikely we get tyreke Evans now?
Follow Up Tweets: [The flip side is that it's unlikely they keep him beyond this year, because they can only offer him a contract starting at $6M in 2018-19 with Non-Bird Rights. They could go higher with the MLE but it would hard cap them.] (https://twitter.com/dangercart/status/959488813058936832)
I'm not sure if Danny would do that, I think the team likes Larkin a lot. I don't disagree at all though.
I mean hypothetically yes, but we would have to do allot of salary manipulation in the trading
I would give up a late draft pic to be a force in the playoffs this year
bellinelli maybe? not sure how salary would work though
whyyyyyyy, our pick is worthless to us
I mean we’re going to beat the Warriors regardless
For a 40 game rental
Yep. Scary Terry and Kyrie will expose Curry till he quits the league to play golf for charity 
Yep. Scary Terry and Kyrie will expose Curry till he quits the league to play golf for charity 
Curry will turn into that drunk guy streaking at the WMO the other day.
Yep. Scary Terry and Kyrie will expose Curry till he quits the league to play golf for chastity.
Curry, for charity? Does that mean he'll just be awful at golf?
That logic is flawed though. If he won't get you over the Warriors (with Monroe, he will), why even give up anything to get him?
Which is why you work them down to the deadline and make them settle for 2nd round picks like Toronto did last year for PJ Tucker. At worst you give back the Clippers pick.
Yep. Scary Terry and Kyrie will expose Curry till he quits the league to play golf for chastity.


Tyreke isn’t just a random bench player though. He’s a difference maker. 
No. They are by far not unbeatable. If they were they d be on their way to 82-0. In a series its highly unlikely this year. But next years I think Boston is the team to beat them. (I hate Houston) 
Tyreke is shooting almost 40% on 6 attempts a game this year. You were saying?
Sorry for the noob question: does this mean that Hayward is not able to come back and play this season? 
I hope Theis doesn't get fucked over :(
Hide da money, y’all. There’s poor people around. With ya broke ass. 
So fucking pumped!
I'm a little confused, does that mean 5 mil for half season? That's quite some money.
You mean 5 mil.
I thought you can only use the DPE in one shot. But I’m probably wrong 
Its a fucking question fuckhead
aww fuck, now i'm sad.
I thought the dpe had no bearing on that, but I guess I was wrong.  Either way, it helps not hurts. 
I think I was just wording it terribly. I didn’t mean using money from the DPE. I meant enough to swing a trade without hitting luxury tax. This way we can eat his salary without having to match.
Hopefully brad will elevate his game

Faith in Stevens 
FUCK sustenance 
Monroe me a fucking boat to championship land !!!
#LETS GOOOO

#FUCK THE LAKERS

#FUCK BRON BRON
Can someone give a thorough scouting report? How bad is his defense?
I remember a couple years ago monroe was nasty now hes just a big body
Saving my money for my first Finals game since '08. Fucking pumped.
Fuck. Yes. 
Let's fucking gooooo!!! Fuck Lebron
Fuck yes
GIMME THE FUCKING GOLD
FUCK YES.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO!!! This is exactly what the Celtics needed 
Fucking BENCH BUCKETS! 
1 year 5 mil, is that just the rest of this year? Or is it a calendar year? I’m not sure how this works 
So glad we got this guy. I was sick and tired of watching him dominate the glass against us. 
Can someone explain why his production has tapered recently? He used to average around 15 and 10 but his stats are lower now. Is it just a victim of bad circumstances thing?
Fuck the Warriors too. We out here 
Jut as bad as every other crappy defensive player we've managed to mitigate and improve (IT, Kyrie, etc.)
Edit:I was wrong
What game did you go to in 08? I've gone to the ECF a few times but never the finals. 
He's listed as out tonight with a "bruised left hip." But sounds like he just has a really badly bruised butt. All indications so far are it's not anything serious. 
Game 2.  Never forget how sick I felt during the run the Lakers made in the 4th.
Lebron also dosent talk mad shit on burner accounts. 
Yeah, the past tense of 'wasn't' confused me there, thinking you were referring to Wallace and saying he didn't compare to Monroe defensively.
that's such a weird thing to say. 
last year was a TERRIBLE matchup with the raptors.. no place to hide IT, both guards roasted when they had the chance to back him down

now with kryie and JB... guarding their "elite" guards becomes easier 
Think they mean the source
wrong!
Yabu is untouchable :(
I'm confused.

You guys think we are under the salary cap? 
I hate tweets like this. Give us names Matt Moore you hack
Yeah but don’t you think we let Horford walk in this scenario? Basically replacing AL with AG before it’s too late? 

It’s not as crazy as some in here are making it out to be. 
Fuck it let’s start 6 players 
Fuck that guy.
I made a mistake sorry guys
Yeah, we definitely want to move that pick somehow. The longer we hold it the worse our odds get of it conveying. At least right now there is some shadow of a doubt over LAC's intentions.

The pick at least has some value until they start shipping guys outside of Lou/DJ, when they let Doc go and when they are taking on bad contracts in exchange for picks.
It's too bad Sam couldn't do a Junk Drawer with the President. That would've been epic!
Boston→Detroit→LA in one year. Poor Avery :(
miss avery, hate to see him get tossed back and forth between teams the way he is now

Been seeing a lot of AB in Terry lately too
the fuck
I’m gonna print out a map of the earth (flat globe, #3/23StayWoke) and slap you silly.
At least he's in LA and not Detroit.
That's what I do all day

Stub my toe: Fuuck Keviinnn Duuraaant 

Late for class: Fuuck Keviinnn Duuraaant 

Car breaks down in the cold: Fuuck Keviinnn Duuraaant 


https://youtu.be/HBQ2mjkvYY8

Edit: audio NSFW
Pretty sick of the "Durant didn't want to play with Russ" narrative. 
If he hit the weights hard.
Ahhhh yes of course, my bad
The data is the data. You can't just axe a game without also taking out a poor shooting game.

I do think there might be something to Lou's game not translating as well to the playoffs, but he's obviously a better shooter than Marcus. 
I don't care about regular season sample sizes, Williams looks terrible in the playoffs every year 

I also never said anything about trading Smart for him
There's not a huge difference in sample size
playoffs are a small sample size
Who cares? Williams consistently sucks in the playoffs. You're going to refrain from calling a guy a choker just because the playoffs are a small sample size?
That's a ridiculous take. You think the playoff environment has no impact on some people? 
I HATE NBC Sports website. I clicked the link and watched the ad and then the video didn't start. I reload the website and it makes me watch the same ad followed immediatly by sthe same fucking ad all over again and after watching it 3 times in the last two minutes the fucking video doesn't play AGAIN. Fuck NBC.
I am now thoroughly disgusted. 
Yeah look up the Rozier game tying shot game 2 ECF and that's how he fed Rozier
Yeah he did that alot. 

Word of advice have IT guard the wing with the least handles.

And set backscreens in the corner when ITs off ball. He thrives when he has a head of steam. 


His problem currently is shooting/making baskets. Everything else at the moment is secondary. IT currently is the worst starting point guard in the league and it isn't even close.
How did he die? :(
Same, thought things had gotten really bad in that locker room, Gilbert Arenas-style.
I think he just fucked up and thought he already said "E". There's no chance he actually thinks his name is SMI
Monroe needs to understand that this game is, and has always been, about buckets.
He made the right decision, that's all I care about.

It would've been STUPID to go to 'NOLA....just stupid.

Moose is not stupid...he did the smart thing. Guy is gonna be a monster here within a month.

> No, yabu is ~~untouchable~~ *unplayable*


Not sure he would play over Baynes. Horford would play less minutes in preparation for the playoffs.
Rozier is Rozier. Yabu is Yabu. Danny trades guys all the time. The fact they are are both 16th picks is irrelevant.
Need to compare shots per game too.
My boy obsessed with Zendaya too, goddamn. 
Some idiots will be upset with this. 
whats worse, a screaming baby or an extreme nationalist who's blind to real social issues? 
He is too much of a distraction to be a backup QB. And it's the media's fault. One bad game/throw by the starter and all the media will ask is when is Kaep gonna get a shot
And? Seriously, and what? Explain these statements.
what does this mean?
can you imagine being this angry on the inside?  i honestly feel bad for people like this.  so much hate.  they must have such a shitty life.
Try an idiot savant, it’s a wild ride 
This is why we think y'all are annoying as fuck. Go back to middle school.
There's no way you're wrong, huh?
At worst, this goes to show you can be really smart in one area and pants-on-head mentally challenged in others. Ben Carson, for example.
> says identity politics are bad

> makes an entire comment centered around them
Imagine being such a snowflake that you get this rattled over a stupid joke on Reddit 
idiot
You people get so outraged at protesters but when an officer blows a 12 year olds head off for a toy gun no biggie right. 
Fam not standing for the flag actually isn't considered disrespectful according to the official flag guide of the USA. 

http://www.usflag.org/uscode36.html

In fact, there are a lot of things we've all been guilty of that actually are considered disrespectful. 

http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/entry/american-flag-disrespect-tru_us_59c7140be4b06ddf45f867a0

Please stop spreading this false statement. You can hate Kaep idc, just stop spreading fake news. 
You might not be wrong. However, I read this as trying to make excuses for racism sorry. This country has been run on racist ideology for years but according to you we should ignore all that and look deeper. Sometimes the answer is simple.
We’ve been over that hump.  If you think racism is going to completely die you are delusional.  The fact that being racist is frowned upon in society and that it is taboo is all that you can hope for.  Our country is too big, even worse ideas are going to be shared by a percentage of the population.  Even if 99% of the country thinking racism is bad that’s still 3 million racists.
At the end of the day we can agree to disagree. Its obvious youve done some research on this, as have I. However, I shouldnt expect people online to fully understand what they have never experienced, only read about. Fuck the Ds and the Rs, all that matters is the Cs!
Unless he is a secret agent sent by danny ainge to sabotage the cavs and convince lebron to go west, he would have wished being traded to another team, even a shitty one, for all the hate coming to his end. Call it a product of his brash talking but he does not deserve the unwanted heat.
He plays for the Cavs, fuck him and everybody on that team
Fuck him 
Not sure i agree. He wanted a max contract and wasnt going to get it here so he got traded. I think he got bad advice
That’s depressing 
It's JAY MOTHA FUCKING CROWDER BACK ON THIS SUB!? sup salty bb
I would have to imagine that prices will drop close to game time. 
Theis was robbed not being included in the up and coming game during allstar weekend. 
If by "one of" they mean #1
it's still really weird that they had to give up Mirotic.

Asik + a 1st could be had for basically any expiring contract
They have to go all in on AD. If he sees that they are not winning immediately he will leave. They dont have the time to build slowly 
Celtics fans are pathetic 
Tell me about it. I'd like to change that, but not sure there is anything we can do.
Sorry. It was up for about a week.
I counted 8 out of about 1800. Not too bad, I guess?
Maybe it's influenced by the demographics of NBA fans.

Edit: [From 538](https://espnfivethirtyeight.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/silver-racial-dist-nba.png?w=575&quality=90&strip=info)
Fuck Kurt Rambis
eww, bleeding dog =(
So I take it the NBA is not very popular in Africa?
I mean, we could use the shooting. But he's not a player to use the DPE on.
Joe Johnson  has always been called lazy by teammates just pass on him. 
I was actually shocked how everybody kept so calm. 

I expected double-Ts, shoving, a lot of people on the court heavily discussing the situation, change in intensity. 

The game just went on and even the Knicks were confused why the refs did nothing. 
I'll admit I dislike Sherrod as much as the next guy but you're calling him an idiot for basically quoting DA
How is he an awful drafter?
Fuck the Lakers?
It's lottery protected in 2019 and 2020. If it doesn't convey in those years it turns into a 2022 2nd rounder.

Basically if the Clippers don't make the playoffs in the next couple years then the pick becomes worthless.
Scary Terry shining tonight is everything to this team! Poor-zingus was Terry-fied 
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔫🔫🔫🔥🔥🔥🔥

Fuck don’t do em like that Jaylen 
Didn't mean to provoke, apologizes, then provokes again.

WHAT A STUD
Fucking GOT EM !
Hate passive aggressiveness
His biggest defensive plays comes from games he’s handed to the other team. It’s like someone saying “ninja!” after they drop something then catch it mid air, no, that’s not impressive, you had to drop something to catch it. 
The fuck does this mean?
I’ve never really watched him. What’s his game like? Would he be an asset here?
Please, one of my favorite players, always thought he was underrated. Yes hes a bit slow to switch out on D, but hes instant offense. 

Unlike Baynes, MOOSE can pass the rock. Im sorry, Baynes may have to sit. Baynes is maybe the worst passer on the team. 
He's going to be horrible in new Orleans. The two big lineup works because cousins could space the floor. 
Smart is painful to watch in the regular season sometimes.  He slows the pace way down.  Cannot penetrate into the paint so our offense becomes jump shot oriented.  His poor shooting combined with his Kobe shot selection is incredibly frustrating.  But make no mistake, in the playoffs, when it becomes a battle of wills, you're going to want that guy playing on your team.  
He's my fav, let the negativity flow past you like a Gatorade river
I am big on Smart, I think it would be a terrible move to trade him.
It’s literally the meme of “when smart shoots, I think to myself ‘no’ “

Everytime he lobs up one of his ugly ass shots I die a little inside. 
I like smart, but it wouldn't be a terrible move to trade him. Literally every celtics player in the Brad Stevens era that has gotten traded has played worse than with the celtics. Smart would be a lot worse player if he was on some other team, maybe except the warriors.
>streaky shooter

Lou Williams is a a streaky shooter.  Smart is an all-time awful shooter.
Not sure why someone downvoted you. Smart is a pathetic shooter. One of, if not the worst in the league. Calling him streaky is ridiculous. 
My bad dude, didn’t realize it was my job to refute a bunch of lazy inaccuracies 
You won't even argue your point. Who are you to talk about inaccuracies? I don't understand what's inaccurate about claiming Smart is a  really bad shooter. 
You claimed Smart was a really bad shooter? Could’ve fooled me
You never talked about his shooting in your first comment. We all know he’s bad at it. You’re beating a dead horse. 
Missed it. My bad. Got lost in all the other bogus claims. 
If you watch the play you can hear Scal saying the refs are supposed to wait until the Knicks start play again to stop the game. Not sure why, but I trust Scal's knowledge of the game
There was contact, Beasley inadvertently  made contact with Morris after going for a late block.
That looked bad. Hope he gets well. 
Fuck, why did I watch that? 

Get well soon Canaan... :(
I hated him on the Bulls, but I didn’t want this for him. Poor guy, feel terrible for him.
That was horrible man. Hopefully his recovery goes well.
Yeah that was gruesome, wishing him a full and speedy recovery!
Looked worse than haywards actually. Idk what it is about injuries like this, you know its going to be gruesome and you can't look away. Then once you see it, you can't unsee it. God speed in his recovery and hopefully he will get back on the court next year. 
This season has been awful with all the injuries
Is he really as bad defensively as people say? Either way Brad is a miracle worker and he brings boards and points which we are severely lacking in.
Celtics won't do sign and trade as it hard caps us.
Why tf did Lakers make him look so useless
There's a reason the game is played on the court not spreadsheets. 
This shit is so insane to me with how big of a scoring gap Hayward's injury gave us. I mean on paper I thought this team had a weak bench unit WITH Hayward. The fact that we've held it together this well relying on the youngins and Mook-iso (please don't be out long......) is pretty nuts.
Fuck 538.
538 loves to talk about their hits, but never the misses.   They're awful.
Yeah, fuck that pussy bitch. 
Fake news.
It was just such a brutal moment it felt portentous. I know that's stupid but if Hayward had tweaked his thumb at practice and went out for the season I'd have still been pretty optimistic. But after watching that, on live television, after having been pumped for months for this team, it's hard for the mind not to overreact to that one.
Sorry I was editing my comment when you replied.    See last bit added. 
Fuck, they played well with Nader subbing in for Rozier tonight. Imagine how well they will play when it's Hayward subbing in for Kyrie...
I remember hearing this before the season, but I just got hard again.
:(
“Got it” - Scary Terry, probably 
Love it.  Poor mook though such a nasty fall.
Did anyone get an update? I saw someone say he had a broken finger in the thread but didn't hear the ESPN commentators talk about it.
Fuck Beasley and the reffs
Yeah I mean I've seen some shit in my ljfe
Well, at least he didn't shit himself when he landed
We're gathered here today to honor the death of Kristaps Porzingis at the hands of Jaylen Brown and the rise of Scary Terry in his ashes. May Tom Brady have Mercy on us all.
SCARY TERRY
Michael Beasley can fuck off.
The Knicks just failed to put up 30 points in 30 minutes.

Let that sink in for a minute.
THAT WAS THE SCARIEST GAME I HAVE EVER SEEN!
SCARY
STARTER TERRY > SCARY TERRY
Too early for the Scary Terry MVP hype train!?!?!?
Fuck Adam silver for not addressing the referee situation 
So... In Dungeons and Dragons, Jaylen would be Chaotic Evil for murdering a Unicorn like he did in this game...
Anyone hear any updates on Morris? Nasty fall.
Fucking terrifying terry holy shit
If this game doesn’t get us another Theis montage from u/fongos then I don’t know what will.
Links for post game interviews?
SCARY TERRY
Scary time to shine.

Pray for Mook.
That hit looked so bad
I'm still pissed. Fuck the incompetent refs and the classless Knicks.
And now Scary Terry knows who doubted him. I might hold off sleeping for the foreseeable future.
Arenas is a straight moron. Don't even need to hear to take to know that.
They did this after the Cavs game too.
GOLD

Btw hate to ruin the chain but i just finished my dat a few months back and i still get PTSD when i see this acronym 
I don't think they play it anymore during the game :( :( :( :( I think the decrease in the number of timeouts you get in the fourth plays a part into it
Um what? Fuck that nba fan shit
Don’t sleep on Nader he saved the rockets game for us and plays hard every second 
I hope when he goes to bed tonight neither side of his pillow is cold. 
Im so fucking sold
all that for giving up a late 1st, the DPE, and salary filler (basically nothing) in return. that'd be something now wouldn't it?
Conspiracy theory: Gordon used a fake leg so we could get the DPE. Monroe was a sleeper agent the whole time, Tyreke wanted to play for the Celtics through talking to a mastermind. That mastermind you ask?
Daniel.
Fucking.
Ainge.
3/23 folks, wake up. 
Kyrie has and now it’s your turn.
I feel bad saying this but I'm ready
Well, we also gave up Gordy's poor ankle. 
Why the hate on Nader? He puts up 10 bench points tonight 2/2 from 3? 
"Gordy's poor ankle" bro i cant breathe
The fact you are getting downvotes is outrageous. What you posted is fact. And we will be better for it. 
Crazy talk. Larkin is 25 and 5'11''. Yabu is 22 and a beast. He could become a legit NBA player
Your COULD argument is outrageous. Potential is everything in sports. Why bet on potential? Because Larkin won't play AT ALL the rest of the year if we make these moves
A simple google search will show that this is wrong 
Our 3rd string PG > their teams starting point guard

SCARY. Fucking. Terry.
THIS IS CRAZY WHO COULD’VE EXPECTED THIS??
STARTER TERRY > SCARY TERRY
Trade Kyrie, Scary Terry is the captain now
SCARY
Fuck the mods 
Not everyone who wants him traded for Tyreke Evans :(
Being a negative Nancy
Yeah. I think that was the point.  Just annoying
Lets fucking gooooo!
Having him would cut Mr. Daniel Theis' minutes. Not sure how to feel
Maybe they can do some sort of in game tag-in technique, where Monroe is in on offensive possessions, then sprints to the sideline after a made bucket and Baynes runs onto the court for D
Due to Drummond's careless comments, JB has made it his mission to end every 7 footer's life.

RIP League
LORD VOLDEMORT HAS KILLED A UNICORN!
Is it too late to hop on the Jaylen bandwagon?
How does he just casually walk away after doing that, like he almost looks remorseful that he just did that to the poor man
 
WRONG FOOT FUCK YOU!

... FUCK!
*Nastier

Damn, that was merciless!
So what’s worse, exaggerated excitement or exaggerated cynicism?
4/5 FG and 3/3 3PT before getting taken out. Looking scary so far. 

164 games off the bench. That don't matter to Scary Terry. 
That pick is Lottery protected so is basically useless.
[I'm Scary Terry! You can run, but you can't hide BITCH!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg0isVdNdOc)
Dudes got 9 points from threes already, I'm expecting nothing less then the shattering of Wilts 100 point game record. 
The 4th quarter does not equate to a half SrDonko!
is that this game has always been and will always be....
FUCK ANDRE DRUMMOND
"How about Curry, Klay, KD, and Draymond for Scary Terry?"

*Ainge hangs up*

TERRENCE SCARENCE THE THIRD - THRICE AS SCARY WITH THE THE TRIPLE DUB
Kristaps Porziņģis (Latvian pronunciation: ['kris.taps 'pʊ͡ɔr.ziɲ.ɟis]; August 2, 1995-January 31st, 2018) was a Latvian professional basketball player for the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was 7 ft 3 in (2.21 m) tall, and played both the power forward and center positions. He was murdered by Jaylen Brown in a game vs. the Boston Celtics on January 31st, 2018.
These refs should be fired. They blatantly ignored an intentional foul because they thought a player was flopping. If a foul happens, you call it. Fuck these clowns they don't deserve their job.
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN

PUT YO KIDS TO BED

GOODNIGHT UNICORN
That's tough. Hope Morris is alright. But wtf... a ref can stop play for a wet spot on the floor to prevent an injury but not when a player is on the floor???
#Fuck Beasley

#Fuck Refs
Fuck these commentators! Intentional or not doesn't matter! That was reckless and unnecessary!!!
Love how these shitty anouncers say the contact to morris head wasnt intentional its still a fucking foul morons
"He has a triple double but Rozier is absolutely terrible and hasnt improved at all! He didnt even shoot 100 percent" - 3itkh
Brown is fucking aggressive tonight. Fuck yeah!!
Cant mike doris & Woj just make a group chat to talk instead of not focusing on the game?
That's an egregiously terrible bit of officiating. I wouldn't be surprised if he has a concussion and another injury...
I need Robert Parrish to come out and sucker punch Beasley
Just joining now 👀👀👀 shoutout to the dudes who called for  a scary Terry triple double
Theis is in the game now. 
Drummond can get fucked
Holy fucking shit. I had to come here just to fucking scream with you guys about that Jaylen dunk. ZINGUS GOT FUCKED UP
"Sorry to interrupt you, Adrian, and talk about the game that's going on right here ..."

Fuck ESPN.
Fuck the Refs so hard. That is fucking negligence 
Wtf was that get Beasley the fuck out of there for that shit 
inbounding the ball the ball after that just seems like it should be illegal 
Man fuck these blind referees and fuck the NBAs ridiculous 'review' system. 
HOLY FUCK TERRY 
This is prolly gonna be an ugly game for us. Just hope Terry, Jaylen or Jayson have a huge game.
Marcus Morris could put up a 60 pt triple double and people would still hate on him
Holy fuck he killed a unicorn. 
Bill's son Billy is fucking nuts
are these announcers blind he hit morris
Damn, how are we gonna give max contracts to Kyrie, Hayward, Al, Jaylen, Jayson, AND Scary Terry?
Mook leading the team with 20 points :(
Am I the only one that doesn't think that was dirty or intentional by Beasley? I'm pissed about the no-call but that didn't look dirty at all
TERRY OF HOUSE SCARY, THIRD OF HIS NAME!
Only reason I can't fully hate Kanter is cause he has the balls to troll LeQueen
League fucked when they realize our 3rd string PG is now Kyrie.
Fuck ESPN
Jayson hit hard with the Ringer Curse as well as the rookie wall 
WHAT THE FUCK REFS
That ref needs needs to be fucking fired. He looked right at the intentional foul to stop the game and choked on his whistle. Fuck that dude.
That was some wretched officiating at every turn.  FUCK THOSE PIECES OF SHIT.  
#ADAM SILVER, CORRECT YOUR FUCKING HOUSE YOU DIPSHIT
Refs are dumb
Tatum with a "fuck you this is for Mook" shot over Beasley 
UNTRADEABLE SCARY TERRY IS COMING
Too bad Eddie isn't here, he would be getting some real playing time.
SCARY FUCKING TERRY
Shit, just started watching the game.

What the hell did they put in Rozier's Gatorade? Dude is going off!
I wish we could listen to JVG and Mark bitch about player/ref relations and ignore the game instead of this commentating.
Tommy still sick, damn.
Scarry Terry about to play himself into the allstar game
HOLY FUCK
And I’m hard
How bad ass would it be if Al and Terry both dropped triple dubs?!
Baynes play has been underwhelming as of late.
What a fucking joke
I'm baffled by the officiating. When a guy goes down that hard why would you not blow it dead as he lays facedown on the court. And Semi fouled the fuck out of whoever was on the baseline. Fuck the refs. Fuck them all 
That’s a flagrant 1 at least 
Fuck you Beas. You don't get that call after that shit you pulled.
Someone should Kelly Oubre Beasley and knock his ass into the stands. Fucking scumbag
SCARY TERRY TRIPLE DOUBLE!
MMY MOTHERFUCKING DUDE
SCARY TERRY GOT THE TRIP DUB, I'M ECSTATIC
Scary
Scary Terry 100 percent triple double rate when he starts.

Westbrook who?
Harden who?
Oscar Robertson who?
Who?
Who who who who who?
Doris Burke has really grown on me, I used to hate listening to her but now she’s a very solid color commentator 
[Scary Terry making the start! LETS GOOOOO!](https://m.imgur.com/fy7pGs9)
What I’m taking away from this game is Terry is gonna he our secret weapon in the playoffs 
Never ever talk shit about my friend Jaylen Brown!
Where the fuck were the toddler's parents?
for people who think Jaylens handles are bad.... re-watch that play
Omg just call the game!!!
I like woj but can he shut the fuck up? Damn I miss tommy and mike.
Fuck get Woj the fuck off 
Scary Terry showing the rookie Kyrie how to play 
FUCK
FUCK 
What the fuck
FUCK WE DONT NEED THIS
Oh fuck...
Beasley dirty fucking bitch
Fucking hell don't be hurt Mook
how is that not at least a flagrant 1
The refs are fucking shit for real fuck them 
Beasley flopped hard and didnt get shit
Who the fuck is that ref that held his whistle when we tried to foul on the inbounds play. That dude needs to be fucking fined and suspended.
Morris has a bruised hip: https://twitter.com/celtics/status/958896577703305218

Will not return to the game.

Fucking Beasley
Terry is seriously getting this triple double... SCARY!!! His stock is rising
SCARY TRIP DUBS!!!!!!!
Gimme dat triple double. So scary
SCARY TRIP DUB I WANT TO CRY!!!
SCARY TERRY III 

On another note, Greg Monroe buy out 👀 Tyreke+Monroe possible? 
At the game.. Ugh so sad about Morris :(
I'M HERE FOR THE SCARY TERRY SHOW
There’s something really hot about how annoying Doris Burke is
Terry, stop, you gotta play 48 minutes for fuck sake
Scary Terry looking like Michael Beasley out there
Fuck you Beasley!
MY KNEES ARE WEAK
Jaylen looking like prime LeBron wtf
Jaylen playing for the all star game 
Oh my fucking god shut the fuck up
There’s 100 shows about the NBA for when a game isn’t on, we can talk about the trade deadline there. Right now talk about the game!
Beasley is fucking terrible
Brown and Tatum make me so hard.
Can Mike Breen / Doris burke commentate every national game?

Terry has been stuffing the stat sheet lately
Jaylen is running point wtf is this lineup
Wtf
These officials are just stupid
Ojeleye is too pure for this world :'(
Beasley made contact are they blind
Just a bad luck play
Fuck you beasly
Fuck
How the fuck?
FUCK MIKE BEASLEY 
HOW THE FUCK DOES THAT MAKE ANY SENSE
Literally by definition a flagrant foul can be purposeful or unintentional how the fuck did the Knicks get a FT out of that. 
TRIPLE D SCARY
TRIPLE SCARY!
Tatum cannot be stopped.  this is scary
We Gino'd the shit out of this game 
We went into the game with Terry as our PG and Nader as our backup PG and came out with a lead at halftime.. 
Beasley is a fucking moron. What was the point of that fake challenge Maybe he wasn't trying to hurt Morris but any NBA player should know that's a dangerous play.
FUCK NEW YORK FUCK BEASLEY FUCK THE RECKLESS REFS
you know it's bad when Abdel Nader looks like an NBA player.
SCARY TERRY stepping up!
“SCARY TERRY” ROZI3R
Sucks terry missed that layup 
Yeah I fuck with Kanter because Fuck Lebron 
STREAMABLE THAT SHIT!!
I like Woj but call the game already 
Holy fuck Tatum something is up
Ugly shots from Burke.
The fuck Morris 
Turned on the game late, TERRY THE TERROR!
Morris wtf
FUCK NOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Damn Mook. That was a nasty, nasty fall
Fuck Beasley
He clearly got slammed in the fucking head
They were trying so hard to make it seem like he didnt touch him 
It’s a dirty hit
Such a fucking bonehead play by Beasley. You were three fucking feet from blocking that.
#FUCK THE REFS
Fuck this shit.
Basketball gods, have mercy on us! :(
Wow I hate beasley
FUCK EM UP NADER
Nader wtf? I like you now?
Nader hits fuck you three- THAT WAS FOR MOOK
Fuck a broken finger
Get fucked Beasley 
SCARY TERRY 

Terry is so fucking improved. 
Fuck the Knicks 
SCARY TERRY 
Fuck the Knicks and fuck these refs!
Fucked around and got a triple double 
SCARY TERRY TRIPLE DUUUBBBBBB
STARTER TERRY > SCARY TERRY
SCARY FUCKING TERRY
SCARY TERRY BABY
# SCARY TERRY!!!!!
[Scary Terry Things](https://i.imgur.com/Nm9t3Ev.jpg)
Wish Brad took Scary out during play for a standing O
I hate watching the ESPN games. They rarely comment or talk about the actual game. Instead they bring guest analysts and celebrities to talk about the Cavs and NBA drama. I want that Celtics home feed.
My dude Terry balling crazy out there!
Man it appears Tatum his hit the rookie wall hard.. what a shame 
/s
Who the fuck is in here down voting.
Fucking Kanter gives me cancer with those offensive rebounds
Breen low key frustrated because he’s a Knicks fan
Fuck Beasley
Fuck Beasley in the ass!!!!!!

Fucking Beasley. What the hell was he trying to do? Morris was already at the rim. 
Baynes has to be the worst finisher on the team.
These announcers are morons.  Clear blow to the head.  That should be a suspension and flagrant 2.
SCARY T HYPE
Anyone watching NBCSB? I am with Chris Mannix. Cash in the late 1st for Tyreke. Don't be like Drapes and hold onto all that shit for the Anthony Davis pipe dream. 
I just want to see point Jaylen or Jayson tonight for at least a few minutes even if it doesn't work.
Doris burke :(
If Al sucks tonight we're dunzo. 
Scary Terry shooting 100% of the teams points he bouta take kyries job 😤
Scary Terry saving us tonight
Obligatory Fuck Courtney Lee
Scary Terry Bitch!
Uh oh. Scary Terry gonna drop 82
Anyone hate kanter so much 
Where's Tommy tonight? Still ill?
Tatum mad
are y'all seein this? Tatum, Brown, Irving, all of their first job was as an NBA player? man. that's shocking to me. I feel like I had worked 10 different jobs by the time I was done with college.
Ugly last 1 min plus
Knics are awful tonight from the line
Jaylen must be tired af, he’s been running for days on offense 
FUCK YOU NEW YORK FUCKING ASSWIPES
I'm late getting here.  Why is Kyrie out?
Fuck Beasley.  He was never blocking that ball and manages to go full speed into Morris' head with his elbow.  Fuck this dirty scum player. 
Fuck man
Jesus fuck
Beasley is a fucking moron
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING
FUCK YOU REFS WTF
Oh wtf refs
SCARY DOUBLE
AiNge Is sO sTuPid fOr noT wAnTinG tO tRaDe TeRRy!
I can’t even identify this lineup wtf happened 
Member those scary for ibaka rumours, i member
I know this is garbage time. But this is hard to watch 
I hate Doris 
Fucking hate kanter
Is this a test game for brad?
Hit his fucking head look at that shit 
Fuck Beasley eternally.
Less than a month til Pitchers and Catchers report!
Baynes looks frustrated. Maybe on the way out?
Beasley had an awkward fall too tbh
#SCARY TERRYS TRADE VAULE IS AT ITS PEAK TRADE NOW DANNY
I'm not trying to hate or start an argument, but want to ask a serious question. Why does Jaylen tend to disappear in the second half? 
WHO THE FUCK IS TINGUS PINGUS!!!IVE NEVER EVEN HEARD OF FREAKING LATEEVIA
His release looks weird on threes lately
Fuck that pussy 
fuck that guy
Seriously this is awful to listen to... if I wanted to listen to talk radio I would. Is play by play that hard?
Chill I like scary terry
It's cause we got rid of that bum Kyrie duh
He's Scary Terry the third
Sources can confirm that kyrie usually does wear kyrie's shirt.
fongos we need you on weird Celtics twitter 
2-13 yikes. At least he has 4 steals. 
Fucking stupid announcers man
I mean for a #1 seed season
Scary Terry >>>>>>>> Russell Westbrook
RULER OF THE STATS AND FACILITATOR OF ALL THINGS SCARY
I WANT IT SO BAD
Kinda feel bad for him, never really got minutes
At least they would call out the ref’s bullshit on not stopping the game for Marcus 
I feel like he commits halfway then just gives up by the time he gets to the basket. I still like him tho he’s just annoying every once in awhile 
I believe he's been sick 
Very least it should have been an and 1
Mike and Scal are commentating, I was confused when I saw all the ESPN comments
You're a dumbass, NBA player know how to fucking dunk. Beasley got him in the head.
Could be worse
Shit's gonna be sore for a couple weeks. Hard fall.
He can't be any worse at finishing than baynes 
Tired of espn talking about the nba trades over this game. Please someone find a Celtics stream. 
Sick
Not really sure why people don’t ???

Landed really awkwardly on his side after a dunk, looked pretty bad but hopefully no serious injury
He’s not good. Probably not.
A Scary amount
No one should be negative when you think of it that way. 
And then others are up voting in response. These threads are so weird, man.
Unhappy people who saw Jaylen murder Porzings.
Clotheslined? Stop overreacting. It was just momentum from Morris and a bad fall. The free throw is because of the intentional foul to stop the game. 
Yeah because of the intentional foul to stop the game. 
Semi auto with the illegal bump stock
Dunk so nasty, dude turned japanese
He did, but it's been a while. Not sure if we got an update on the status
Mook went up for a dunk and Beasley came by and elbowed him in the head while he was still hanging on the rim. Then he fell and landed awkwardly
Seems like just a bruised hip for now. Hips are tough, it's usually hip muscles and not the bones that fuck people up. Look at IT.
Baynes, and it’s not even a tough decision 
probably got banned by youtube :( 
You are evil 
Fewer minutes til crunch time? Not sure
I'd nut so hard if we got KOQ
What rule stops the refs from stopping a game when there’s a player laying injured in front of them?
Still dumb as shit tho
Oh it was 100% a boneheaded / careless play but i just didn't see it as a dirty play, i agree it could warrant our fans being upset about it though
He was seconds late, I doubt he intended to hurt him but Beasley is still one of the biggest pieces of shit in the NBA regardless of that play.
How bad?
Im from Saskatchewan, Canada. We got one option and it's ESPN. NBA league pass restricts streaming when it's a nationally televised game.  So im limeted with choices.
She was a dickhead last season to Isaiah. He specifically requested media to not ask questions about his sister after her death when he was playing through that emotion. Every reporter abided by the request and didn't ask and then she pulled him aside after the game stuck a camera in his face and started asking questions about his sister. 

Fuck Doris.
Oops I just worded it wrong. I meant he’s going to be a problem for the rest of the league, not for us, and that of course he would drain that shot, it’s so like him. 
Yeah 100%, i wont sit here and say that it wasn't a fucking stupid decision by beasley but I just didn't see that as a dirty / intentional hit. I guess the end result is all the same though and i can see why our fans would be pissed about it. I was more annoyed by the lack of no call after he was on the ground tbh
Rim has to be crooked by now. Dat was nasty.
> If approved, the Disabled Player Exception can only be used on one player.

https://basketball.realgm.com/analysis/240416/CBA-Encyclopedia-Disabled-Player-Exception

unfortunately, we couldn't use 3 mil on one guy and 5 mil on another
What's the TV rating for this game? I'll be having my little nephews over to watch. 
Probably not great with Kyrie out. Not as bad as the game after though (Mavs v. Suns yikes). 
You mean that isn't what Woj tweeted? 
No, you're definitely wrong on that.
One of Bill's worst tweets. C'mon Bill. This is so stupid.
And so we don't have defense?

I like Bill Simmons, but his trade and signing ideas are never good
Just once I wish KOC or somebody would call Simmons out on a pod for his dumb fake trades.
Simmons is annoying 
Our identity is turnovers and bad shot selection?
Don’t buy a basketball jersey to play basketball in, as stupid as it sounds, don’t be that guy 
Yeah I should’ve made another reply that when I actually got it, it says Celtics. So crazy. 
I'm incompetently incompetent
Or we beat the the Warriors so badly that our pick was moved to the second round out of fairness to the league.
Yeah keep that in your thoughts bro because that’s a terrible trade for Memphis. They’re look for at least a high 2nd round pick.
Big game incoming from Scary Terry, JB and JT
The starting line up is about to get very scary. 
Damn the one game I can make this semester and Kyrie is out :/
Bad timing for Jarell Eddie’s contract expiring.
#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

#SCARY

#SCARYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY


#Scary Terry going for 60 tonight
Still time to trade for Lou before the game...
I’m so fucking scared
Tonight’s game may get too scary with Terry starting. I might have to close my eyes before I shit myself from fear. SCARY TERRY BABY LETS GOOOOOO
He will be dubbed the hulk after this game 
Every Celtics game is must watch.  Preseason is must watch.  Summer goddamn league is must watch.  
Jaylen statement game Brown incoming 🤔🤔🤔
We look so bad on offense whenever hes out ugh
Fuck that’ll be an L
I'm SHAKING IN MY BOOTS at the thought of Scary Terry Unleashed. 
Damn you. You have predicted the future. Unleash Scary Terry!!!!
Yeah but the Knicks are an awful defense. So it should balance out.
Ya never know... My first game was the Rockets game and by half time I was pissed that I happened to choose the worst game of the season.
Maybe Jaylen will go off for 40 or something absurd lmao
Makes sense.  Doesn't necessarily mean a trade is happening but there's no sense being less flexible in any way by a 10 day contract that's not playing
Fuck Andre Drummond?
Drummond should learn how to use twitter before he takes the time to make stupid graphics. Jaylen’s tweet wasn’t in response to any particular article or announcement, he could have literally posted it about anything. 
Drumond fucking sucks.  All that talent and he is 1/5th of what Shaq was.
Rude
no lies detected. It's not a good look for stone hands. He seems delusional and salty af. Hopefully it's just immaturity and his earned shame propels him to work hard on his game so he actually does deserve it in the future. 
I mean that starting 5 with Andre, Blake, what's his face, not Reggie Jackson, and who the fuck is that is looking bad boy era dominance for the Pistons
It’s sad
Fuck Andre Drummond
yeaahhhh but JB's a guard. different set of standards. just saw that Drummond is averaging 15.3 rebounds this season... which is insane
Casually forgetting other stats?
You are absolutely pathetic. 
Agreed, who the fuck is that is one bad motherfucker. 
It wasn’t serious, that’s like a meme for NBA players at this point
I know Drummond’s photoshopped Instagram post made it seem like Jaylen commented on the tweet naming Drummond an all star, but in reality, Jaylen didn’t comment on that tweet. 
It’s manipulated. 

That’s what makes Drummond’s Instagram post a type of paranoid tabloid style sensationalism. It’s really a weird thing to do. 


ESPN go fuck yourself. 
Fuck off Philly 
Been saying for a while now I'd rather have Tyreke for the season than another late 1st. Our roster is jam packed with players that we drafted in the late 1st and 2nd rounds and we keep drafting and cutting guys to make space.
> Seriously though if you were Memphis would you trade Tyreke Evans for Fultz?

Of fucking course they would.  You say "seriously", but that can't actually be a serious question
So semi, the “defensive specialist” is the worst defensive player on the team. 😂 
Probably an all star because the east is severely weak in talent but yeah. I wonder if he’d still make it post- Griffin trade. 
not really. TPA is based on BPM, and Semi's DBPM is zero. Others have been worse on a per-minute basis.
Not sure if serious question but yes 

https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/7lpkp4/ringer_curse_lonzo_ball_has_been_shooting_425/?st=JD392NGO&sh=230b2050

https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/7sne2w/the_boston_celtics_are_04_since_the_ringer_wrote/?st=JD3933A3&sh=0247e561

https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/7plao0/okc_are_now_03_since_the_ringer_article_about/?st=JD393J83&sh=6b14d69a
"Sorry Jarell, we need a roster spot for Anthony Davis..." /s
Yeah, I think it's awfully convenient that Smart was "ruled out" through the trade deadline... 
Absolutely. Tough to trade an injured player.
I agree with you up to Middleton, Harris, and Porter. All three are lacking what JB brings defensively, albeit Middleton isn’t a bad defender.

No way Brown is even considered imo.
A guy who jumps on every pump fake will not make an all-defensive team...
For some reason dude sucks in 2k. They need to buff him 
If they gave him his actual level of talent in 2k, the game would be unfair.  
> Worse at defense

Is he that much worse at defense? He was the DPOY in his league in Europe.
Wasn't he talking about the Jazz players being shocked? Hayward was injured in Cleveland.
Isn’t a meme just a widespread joke? 
You hate jokes? 
It’s not that serious
I want Randle badly, he's got another year left on his deal, and I think he would be maximized by Brad
Enes Kanter is one of the worst defensive big men in league. 

None of his teams have missed him once they traded him. 
I can't tell if anyone is actually serious about anything anymore
It's that type of confidence that will put him in the all star game someday
Angry Jaylen incoming! Just like Angry Dame after his numerous All Star snubs.
what snub...

the fuck

jaylen is not an allstar
Not a good look Jaylen. There are about 7 guys who should go before you. His tweet makes him look like a scrub tbh
This is fuckung stupid
You again? Come on dude, give it up already. We know, you hate Jaylen. You've only said it every single time a thread even mentions him 
And without him that sub 500 record would be way, way worse.
Thanks!  I’ve been waiting for these. Want a Jaylen one so bad!  But I hate these iron on numbers and logos!!  I just want the patches goddamnit!
Tbf guys like AB and Jimmy Butler were also late firsts.

I still agree with you, but there are exceptions
Because he turned down a $70 million contract, and they are going through an "ugly divorce."  It's public.
Bruh I don’t care what they give up, Steph+KD+AD is game over for the rest of the league. 
Absolutely, AT LEAST ONE if not both.
I agree with this, their chemistry is crazy high 
This is probably one of the worst trades I've ever heard
You think so? I’m honestly not sure. 
I'm shocked to read this but Draymond is still a fuck face for trying to talk shit about Pierce
What did the corn emoji mean in JB's response tweet to this? I can't figure it out.
Shit I don’t want to like Draymond. Wtf 
I used to hate him and kd but since i got them on my fantasy team ive grown to kinda like them both 
Always between "fuck draymond" and "wow he's not that bad" but then I remember what he said to pierce and I'm back to "fuck draymond" again
Also hypocritically called Olynik dirty
he wasnt wrong tho
Fuck off
Too late
Fuck Durant but I can respect curry Klay and draymond
Still a jerk who needs to acknowledge and learn to control his anger problem.
Look up some clips of him and tell me whether or not he was dirty
i mean did draymond say anything that was wrong?
No you're not you are a sad little troll. 
I noticed that dude's crazy eyes every time they cut over to the bench!
what the fuck
this is fucking meta
It's the Clippers we're talking about. They could fail even at tanking.
I mean, that's just categorically false. He's oft-injured and they were paying him a massive contract. It was about the $$$, not Blake's ability.
We can't afford him without gutting our bench or trading Horford :/ 
Expecting something that’s not a given would be the stupid thing he did. 
so why would the cavs do that? it’s a bad trade all around for both teams. it’s not happening.
Hes been a bench player his whole career I don't think he'd be to mad to be a quality bench player on a contending team 
Kyrie been FUCKING teams lately
I was at the game, and the Pepsi Center was like 75% Celtics fans. People in my section were trying to start a Tom Brady chant.
dipsy doodle Irving I call him..  mad skills
The talent is there, it’s just the consistency that’s a problem. We need them to be reliable scorers every game rather than once in awhile.
Theres a ton of transplants in denver. I myself am one of them and was at the game. Had to be 35% -40% Cs fans and it was a rowdy group. 
Ugh :(
Haha damn, it read out as if you meant having enforcers was a bad thing, my bad dude
I know. As our payroll increases, guys like him are going to be insanely valuable to the team.
I mean, I'll take it.
"There's a lot of green in the building tonight". Something Denver and Boston fans can both get behind.
Fuck u/kyr0thegreat how you like Jaylen now!!!
I've never seen a team bitch so much that was seriously pathetic. 
No point guard in the league can elevate on the boards like scary. 9 boards and 6 dimes on a bum ankle
props to brad for keeping jaylen brown in the game at the end. he was 0-4 from three all game but brad knew he was cooking up a clutch shot
This game should not have been that close... BUT ILL TAKE IT
Yeah... Don't think my heart is gonna make it past 25 if I keep watching Celtics games
We had a 20 point lead in this, it almost seems an embarrassment for it to come down to the wire like it did; I mean, if they call a time out, and then do the same play, we lose on a bs tip-in/alley(depending on how you want to call it) which would have been a really sad way to end it.
It was real ugly, but at least we're boogieing!
Phew, we escaped with that one.  Not happy with Ky's decision making down the stretch.  Also, this is twice now Harris has taken his lunch money.   Ky steps it up for Steph but gets schooled by a rook.  smh
Why don't we ever pass to the roll man? it's infuriating to see screen after screen being set for nought
such a rookie mistake by the Mike malone, whereas Brad schooled him by calling the TO at 14 secs, fucking genius.
Was there too. That was an insane game to be at. It felt like a playoff game. 

Also, can anyone explain those delay of game calls. It happened so quick I didn’t even notice what the delays were for. 
its been frustrating to watch for a few games now tbh
Baynes might be the worst passing big Ive seen on the Celtics since Mark Blount. 
Dunno why you're getting down voted, Kyrie was bad and almost choked this one away 
these types of comments will never not be dumb
We survived a terrible terrible 3rd quarter
People just don't want him to pan out because it makes Danny Ainge look like a genius once again, of which the rest of the league is patently sick.
Haven't held a team under 100 since that awful Sixers game when Kyrie didn't play (six games ago).
Some people don't understand when I'm not being serious
Small if false ... lolololo
oh yeah this game was complete ass but it could have been worse
Holy fuck.  Thanks for this, these are scary times
I was gonna ask why the crowd looked so tame not realizing it was an away game. 
That dude is so fucking annoying. He's in /r/nba and /r/nfl as well and always posts dumb shit that makes our fan base look bad.

Wish the mods on all these subs could force a "ignore this troll he doesn't represent us" tag on every sports related post he makes.
I've seen him in r/NFL....it is bad.
The issue is when he gets like 20 people saying "this is why people hate celtics/patriots fans"
Sounds like you give way too much of a fuck what others think. 

Fuck em, if one moron is all it takes to turn the tides of opinion then so be it. 
[Update](https://i.imgur.com/Ep1k7qL.jpg) I got the waitress to put it on 1/8 TVs and got immediately booed :'). Hopefully me competing against The Bachelor fangirls isn't as bad as our boys vs the Nuggets. 
Jesus Christ. I completely understand my buddy’s hate for this Denver team now
I fucking hate this baby team. 
*jokic pulls gun on kyrie*

*whistle* 

*cops come out*

“AHHHH COME ON WTF IS THIS BULLSHIT HE DIDNT EVEN TOUCH HIM”-entire nuggets team
FUCK THE PREDICTION MACHINE!!!
Does Theis ever get fucking fouled?
Plumlee may have serious hypertension 
I didn't know I hated the Nuggets until I watched the Nuggets. Stop fucking crying and play.
What the fuck did I say, huh?
Even the crowd complains about everything. Now I remember why I hate Broncos fans 
I badly want a game where Jaylen and Jayson are both hot
Jaylen cold as fuck after the shot... I like it!
Plz don't fuck up a winnable game
We were up by 20 in this game?
Oh fuck off
Theis you slick sonofabitch
Nuggets fans seem really dumb, the way they react to obvious calls is... weird. I get every crowds is biased but it's a little ridiculous on calls plain as day. 
Holy fuck can I get a JAYLEN BROWN?
Kyrie only likes difficult shots 
Holy shit my horrible day got that much better after seeing us play that well
Scary fall for terry.
Baynes pisses me the fuck off on offense tbh. Borderline useless except on mid range jumpers. 
Why did we sign Eddie if we aren't going to let him get in the game and chuck 3's?  
Wait how is that delay of game?
Just a reminder that Nuggets are 19-6 at home. They're a renowned tough team to beat at home. 
This game is unneeded chaos 
wtf are these Nuggets thinking 
None of the kids on this team are afraid of big shots.
So unnecessary, but I can’t stop laughing:

https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DUv51lxUQAAxZ5S?format=jpg&name=900x900
The Nuggets have become an unbearable organization from this game alone
Blake Griffin trade is crazy
smash through that rookie wall like the fucking kool aid man
AND TATUM FOR THREE FUCK YES!!!!
that was the wrong call..shouldn’t it have been celtics ball out of bounds, since the Nuggets threw it through the bottom of the ring, which is considered out of bounds?
I hate the Nuggets so much
Horrible quarter. The last 15 minutes have been dominated by Denver. Now we have an injured Kyrie on the road and two 7 footers who are getting anything they want.
Never knew I disliked the nuggets and jokic till this game 
Weak delay of game call
Holy fuck I would kill for Theis to knock Plumlee to the ground 
Horrible execution down the stretch here
Fuck I want this game bad
We've made a FUCK TON of mistakes this game, I'm flustered
Why was Kyrie out of the game there? 
YO, THIS FUCKING BASKETBALL GAME IS INTERFERING WITH MY COMMERCIAL WATCHING.
Wait wtf was that a let's go Celtics chant
At the game and I can confirm Boston fans have hijacked the stadium tonight!!!!☘️☘️☘️
FUCK THE NUGGETS
I see tons of green in Denver! 

Hell yeah!!
this is why the refs fucking suck this season. 
CONSIDER THE ROOKIE WALL BROKEN
Well that was a poor stretch.
I feel people forget basketball is a game of runs. 
if Baynes misses another open layup i swear to god ill have a seizure
I wish Baynes could make fucking layups 
Just me or has Baynes been weirdly off tonight?
Tatum breaking ankles to save this game
That’s a weak call
Fuck the prediction machine
Scary is here! Save us Scary!
Have these fans seen a game of basketball before?
Wtf horf
How you gonna blow the whistle after it goes in lmfao fuck you ref
Not gonna count :(
Fuck
FUCK
this game wildin
Shit shit shit
Jaylen baby fuck yeah. 
Fuck yea Brown
Definitely late.
GIMME THE FUCKING GOLD 
Ahhh home at least, stripped into PJs with the heat blasting with some whiskey. LET'S GET IT!
Is it just me, or does Jokic look like he always has a cold?
Why do random mediocre players always ball tf out against us?
Holy shit the crowd is 75% Celtics fans!
Is this one of those arenas where everyone stays up in a restaurant? Looks as empty as a summer league game. 
Am I going crazy or is the video quality of this game really bad? Idk if it’s the arena or the camera but it’s really bright.
What the fuck baynes. 
This game is shaping up to be really boring
What a dumb foul
What the fuck is a rookie wall? Jayson Tatum doesn’t seem to know.
Delay of game warning? 
#NO EASY BUCKETS
Kyrie is unfair, he's fucking unfair, holy shit.
Wtf
NO EASY BASKETS WHEN THEIS IS AROUND!
Seems like a game Mike will be telling a story during
wtf was that hook shot
this game is showing why pistons fans call baynes stone hands
This is beyond pathetic. 
We are fucking awful in the third quarter. 
WTF ARE WE DOING?
WHAT THE FUCK
TATUM 2 NASTY
I still don’t want Tyreke... he scares the crap out of me
fuck is Kyrie in lockerroom?
Defense was nonexistent this quarter. WTF guys!
Morris shooting that at the end of the quarter made me think of Steph shooting a couple of those in our game versus GS...most of them were just a hint off..crazy to think.
We got this game in the bag they've run themselves tired all quarter, plus we got the clutch bois in terry kyrie and tatum
Oh come the fuck on
Tatum got fouled approximately 6 times on that play. 
Feel like random bigs salivate when they see they’re playing us 
This interior defense is so weak!
does mook hate contesting shots?
we couldnt stop Plumlee last game either.........Mason Plumlee!!
Damn I hate the nuggets 
SCARY!
all the nuggets mascot is showing is how weak his is smh he struggling to pick up a 2 pound sign
That mean mug tho
Take the fucking shot bois 
THIS DUDE IS FUCKING FILTHY
Wow... What a crazy game
Kyrie looks very tired 
We need a shot and a stop. God this game.
This has been a hell of a game
It’s infuriating how shitty we have looked in the third quarter during this horrible stretch 
kyrie giving little effort on D this game other than the couple attempts to take charges
They have a TO. Still a game. 
WHAT THE FUCK
So not good. That's ball game
I don't know about every one else, but this game is getting me HYPED.
Kyrie is fucking absurd
1 Kyrie = like 5 ITs and I hate it
Kyrie is insane.
I’m so sick of watching this team lose games. 
plumlee just mad because mark zuckerberg stole the idea of facebook from him and his brother
Kyrie will score at least 40 points tonight.
----------------------------------------------



 I'll ^*circumcise* myself if I'm wrong.

👁

This is terrible 
Why does everyone on here hate u/Kyr0thegoat?
Nuggets shocked they themselves commit fouls
Jokic nose is disgusting! How tf is anything that red
why do we like wire-to-wire games against mediocre teams :(
I so badly wanted Danny to draft Murray :(
Larkin a late scratch. 
I feel like this is a game to turn up the pace
I get they have to maintain spacing but I'm not sure there's any point in letting semi camp in the corner 
man I feel inexplicably bad for Mudiay. kid is having a rough game so far
Morris weirdly reminds me of paul pierce a lot 
Wtf Jokić?
Bad start to the 3rd
7 point game :(
Ball movement is atrocious 
7 point game, still rushing shots. Hopefully that Baynes shot is a start for us.
I don't know why but I pity that guy for getting the answer wrong
2 POINTS. Fucking hell...
This is painful 
Fucking end my life fam
god fucking damn it no
Some really lazy defense! 
End this quarter tied. Holy crap that descended
Are you fucking serious
Fuck you prediction machine
Lost the game for a moment... What happened to Kyrie?
Scary Terry 
SO SCARY!!!
This game is chippy as fuck
Wtf
You’re fucking lying
how is that not a foul u idiots
Going to the Knicks game with a hardcore Knicks fan.. I know I'm looking way ahead but I want us to DESTROY them
Jaylen’s defensive switches are so sloppy
What the fuck Tatum. You have to shoot that.
It almost seems like a home game at the moment with the crowd. Crazy.
what the fuck did Kyrie just do how the what the 
Big fucking Balls Horf
How did Kyrie make that? Seriously, how the fuck did he do that? 
Slow down and lock down fellas
Fucking hell
Fuck. I cant handle another bad ending to a game
not sure if Jaylen Brown or God
THAT'S NO GOOD!
Al has been kinda bad recently
This will hopefully be a game that gets us in rhythm. 
Seriously has Theis missed a 3 this year?
Damn home game
ill take that morris iso on harris all day 
Damn Kyrie is just so fucking nasty it's fun to watch
Our second half defense has been terrible 
Put your fucking hands down. I reeeeeally do not like this team
Al is having a bad night please stop letting him shoot
Why is it every game the Celtics manage to make the worst NBA players look like absolute studs? Nuggets are a collection of unwanted bums
Wow, what the hell. We are terrible this quarter
These no continuation calls are impossible to figure out
Fuck
We're still in the drivers seat of this game but we've let up on the gas.
#SCARY TERRY
Mike gormon sucks at math 
What a shitty organization! Has a timeout and doent call it😂 fuck them they deserve nothing 
Our defense is so fucking bad
I’m so sick of watching us lose
Just end me. This is fucking pathetic. Denver's defense blows and we've scored 15 points since halfway through the 2nd.
game
Jaylen with two points and bad defense...
Theiss is awful tonight, slow rotations,hands down on D
Serious Inquiry: Assuming Lebron leaves, and the nets pick falls in the 3-5 range.
-------------------

Do you think Ainge would do a Tatum for Nets pick straight-up?
Yeah that was dumb 
It’s a weird case because they’re not really supposed to touch the refs ever. Not sure if he’s allowed to help him up. 
Very doubtful
I asked my waitress 3 seperate timesto put the warriors game on Saturday...never happened. Congrats on your small victory 
earlier this season my power went out during the warriors game, had to go to the 99s and ask them to change the game from bones
I feel terrible that I read that last bit as 'put it in' the first time.
Fuck the rookie wall hate this shit. 
Other refs would been like “get him outta here you stupid fuck” 
What the fuck is that. 
There are a lot of Boston fans everywhere, you just notice it in small markets 
Fuck Denver as a sports town
Not entirely sure Denver knows they have basketball team 
It seems to have just randomly appeared as his playing time decreased.
Might not have anything to do with it, but I feel like his conditioning is terrible. He does not have the body of a pro athlete
I know, so weird they wouldn't blow it when the buzzer sounded
I’ve fucking said that for the last two months
Unnecessarily 
c'mon man cigs are bad for you
Blatant troll, ignore him.
The Mudiay - Rozier beef is insane though
I think you’re a bit behind
I hate when he disappears and grabs a big offensive board and kicks it out to Terry for 3
He was god awful the first quarter of the year IIRC
I fucking did.
Idk if he hit 3s, but shooting was supposedly part of his game.
And some awful shot selection
Bad defense
You have been terrible at watching the game my dude
I disagree, Cleveland is badly flawed.
You blind
This thread is full of idiots 

You are one of those idiots.
You must not be watching the game. 
Absolutely not. I would assume this wasn’t serious but you put “serious” in it...

To humour you, what would be the point of that?
Morons are out tonight guys
He's got serious length
I have never been wrong
:(
Oh yeah he's pretty awful too, I just already knew that before the game.
That and him slowing everything by holding the ball until these slowly run plays develop. Just mucks everything up. 
Sugar and ranch and everything scary! 
I guess. Must be having a bad night
I mean.. there is a reason Ainge added Crowder and the Nets pick to the deal...
If I recall correctly we were at least up 10+ at that point 
His lame troll shtick is to shit on Jaylen.  Ignore.  
And forgot Scary Terry
Jaylen is the only player he criticizes yet wouldn’t admit it when Tatum has a bad game. 
Up late for a school night eh
Dang dude people suck sorry
Because he still has terrible handles, can't finish, can't shoot, and can't shoot freethrows. He has low basketball IQ, and lacks a natural feel for the game.
Baynes is fucking cancer man
Jaylen part of the core little troll.  No one wants you on this sub. Go away your gimmick is pathetic. 
Bad troll.
This team wouldn't beat them in a 7 game series
Idk what the Clippers plan is, but I think they're probably going to tank. Absorb a lot of bad salary this summer for assets and re-locate to Seattle in a few years.
It's ridiculous 
The dirty dirty 306
Kelly may have gotten a bad whistle called on him but he looks so awkward it’s easy to call fouls on him
I still can't get over how ugly they are. Here I thought Nike was going to get rid of the ugly sleeved jerseys from last year; they just ended up cutting the sleeves off. 
Ugly as hell
So you're saying the Earth is a dome... I can get behind this.
I'm so confused at how the planetary physics work in this situation...
Had a negative record when Lebron sat. Just stop.
Also had a fucking gold fish as a coach.
He had that reputation last year you fucking idiot 😂

So you’re telling me that he changed it over the off-season where no games were played? 
I mean...

He's a bad passer, not very efficient, not a great defender. Doesn't seem worth it
I don't believe we are hard capped. We are well below the apron and I don't see us adding a player via sign and trade this offseason. 
No. Having a big man guard Steph would be silly. 
Let's not get crazy...
I think if Jaylen Brown keeps getting compared to Jimmy Butler or Klay Thompson it is going to leave a lot of people disappointed. His game isn't really close to either of them, and I don't think their careers are vey replicable 
We all cant stand you because you are a tatum nut hugger and hate brown your act gets really tiring.
Fuck I was hoping this was a ringer article 
We need a random sharpshooter off of the bench like Kyle Korver or Wayne Ellington. If a player like that hits a few shots in a quarter it can carry your bench scoring 
Maybe Kyrie can lay down behind the bench in supine or prone position?
 Can’t trade for him unfortunately. 
Fuck the NBA for not letting us get the boy home
Whats the rule that makes us unable to bring him back? 
Fuck philly
That can't happen either, unfortunately. We won't have any cap space.
He and a healthy Kawhi: fucking terrifying 
Fuck the Eagles.
That defense would be insane 
the way this season has been going, we could probably get our entire 2016-17 backcourt back for pennies on the dollar. Too bad about this rule
:(
Imagine our bench if we had AB back and IT lmfao that would be insane
How could I forget? But he'd be coming home in some sense at least.
Crowder was bad last year...
cowboys fan here, fuck philly
Because Scary Terry biatch. 
Another Giants fan entering the mix, fuck philly.  
I really hope the Pistons don’t get the 8 seed because this is a horrible matchup for us.
You're wrong, my family and I have used it plenty when coming in for games. Think it was $10 last time my cousin used it, no issues
Morris can make shots and has sparked the bench some nights, but man this guy feels the need to shoot every time he touches the ball. It's ridiculous. 
Hard pass on Dwight
Right. I've used to hate going to r/nba, but at least there is some volume of posting there.
but quantity is not, and r/nba makes no attempt to cut the crap
damn we so bad at layups :( even our backup guards
Nope. It's gonna be ugly for awhile. Danny has to figure something out real soon. 
Suspending him would be a really bad move. We want him to want to be here so bad he doesn't just go leave us for the biggest pay day possible. 
Either the table is fucked up for me or you just proved the opposite
Worst comment ever
Or as /u/STCDoxy put specifically for us: [Smart punched the picture out of anger over the girl he curved going on Instagram claiming to be pregnant with his baby] (https://twitter.com/ParaDoxy11/status/957660027522813952)
Wait what, why? There's nothing to punish him for, that's so weird.
Hope he gets a punishment. Also hope he gets a therapist. Dude got some anger issues.
I think you're looking at it the wrong way.  You just cant have players being shitheads off the court
 So, I can go to a hotel and break shit? I don't think he should miss anymore time than the injury takes to heal, but saying he did nothing wrong is laughable. 
What the fuck does come to Jesus even mean? 
Are you a troll or just dumb?
Seriously or joking?
Oh comeon man, it's not like he did something that affected someone else in a negative way. It was a heat of the moment thing and he's already paid the consequences by getting injured, there's 0 reason to suspend him 
The underrated thing about Marcus on defense is that he's like a quarterback on that end. He calls out the screens, knows when someone will try a slip, seems horns locking, etc -- it's why he's able to get all those crazy steals. He knows the other team's plays, he knows where guys should go. He even tells Kyrie and Jaylen where to head when an opposing team is readying a set. He just knows what to do on defense. 

I wouldn't want to lose Marcus. I have a  feeling he might be like Oladipo. He changed his body and it was a two-year process and now he's an All-Star. Marcus is just getting in shape; the worst thing is to give up on him because of personal blunders like this then watch him become like Oladipo became with the Pacers. 
For what exactly? For taking his anger out on a picture frame?
I don't even care about the sex tape, that's his prerogative. But being taped smoking weed, that's just some stupid shit.
Honestly no. 
He effected the entire team wtf you talking about
You make public posts on reddit, dude. "Hope he gets a punishment" is a weird thing to say.
Would you stop going around asking this of anyone who disagrees with you? This is like the 4th time you've done it and I'm only halfway down the thread. You don't have to be 16 to understand someone doing something stupid out of anger.
It is a weird thing to say. The dude is already going to miss time and had a public embarrassment because of this woman. He is injured and can’t be there for his team. He’s already disappointed his dudes and knows he could have been the difference in the GS game. So hoping he gets punished after all of that? Yeah dude, it’s fucking weird, on top of the rest of your weird ass comment. Your hatred of this dude is misplaced. 
Yeesh, why are you so obsessed with sex? You're fucking creepy, man.
I luv JB. One criticism I have is that it bothers me to no end when he blows dunks in close games. I wish he would just lay it in off the glass, use a finger roll or execute a "boring simple dunk". 
17 free throws means nothing, and 69% is terrible. 
Some players do become stars in their 2nd year, but Jaylen was meant to be a project. It'd be crazy to give up on him now.
A lot of people bash him in the game threads.
Game threads always attract the pessimists
Does descent 3pt shooter mean he releases on the way down? Because that's not a great idea for a player of his height.
Got to attend this game (wore my Beat LA shirt). Thought the C's played the Warriors really well and had a blast at the game. Lot of Dubs fans at the end of the game were saying "See you in June"
Yeah I noticed that too. They went to Steph-KD PnR at least 3 or 4 times just in the 4th quarter. You basically never see that from them. 
I’m not worried at all. I can chalk this run up to just a normal mid-season funk that every team goes through plus jetlag from that retarded game in London.
Denver is a tough place to play, and the worst case scenario coming out of this road trip is that we're still the 2 seed.
Larkins 16 minutes weren't useless the dude balled out
Lots of neutrals want to see Raptors over us :(
they'd get swept with every game being a blow out. it wouldn't even be close
Almost as crazy as the 2016 finals. Going into game 7 it was obviously 3-3, but the point totals were split as well. It was more crazy that each team had only blowouts basically, no close games going into game 7. 
He had exactly 2 baskets.

A 62 ORtg is 40% worse than league average. He was absolutely miserable on offense. He didn’t make the Warriors respect anything because he had one of the worst offensive performances in the NBA this season. The worst ORtg of all time for a whole season is 81... and Larkin was 20% worse than that.

And his DRtg of 114 would be one of the 100 worst defensive seasons of all time if he played that bad every night.

[He ranked 129 out of 146 players who played last night in game score] (https://www.basketball-reference.com/friv/dailyleaders.fcgi)

For real... did you watch the game? 
What happens in the game can be described with numbers on a page better than with words.

But this isn’t just numbers on a page, it was my take away from watching the game. The numbers just back up what I thought of his performance.

This isn’t even an argument. Larkin played one of the worst games in the NBA on Saturday.

Your talent evaluation skills are awful.
If you said that 9-10 months ago, when the Celtics were neck and neck with the Cavs for the 1 seed, you would be called crazy. You still might be. 
1) Go to Nate Robinson's Basketball Reference Page

2) Click on the season you are interested in which will pull up his game logs

3) Click on the date of the game which will pull up the game summary

4) Click on play-by-play.

Spoiler Alert: 1st career block by Nate was on Earl Boykins. Shortest cumulative height of blocker and blockee.

What I mean is instead of getting another player you wait for Hayward to fill that void. 
IMO it just seems line the warriors are making proteome adapt to their play style. 

We need to make them step out their game
Thanks for writing this up. He is a scapegoat for fan rage. I hate it. 
He's a boring player, that's why. Love the guy, but you can't deny that some people, when it comes to all-star games, judge a player's talents on their flashiness.
The Spurs call him Timmy lite, hate all they want but that goes to show how knowledgeable folks feel about him.
He missed a couple bunnies at the end of a close game. Meanwhile rozier hits a fade away off balance turn around 30 footer
Yeah I get where your coming from. At times he looks very awkward and clumsy and his game isn’t the prettiest. 
The small fundamental was helluva find by danny
Crazy to think where we'd be without his 3.5 ppg on 39% shooting
Regardless of the outcome, you know you've made it when you get trolls in the game thread from the opposing team. 
We can beat this team. Fucking give them us in June... Let's see what happens.
Refs decided this game.
Holy shit can we please get a 7 game finals. 
We can beat that fucking team.
This game reminded me I gotta chill and just wait for the playoffs. Our defense will carry us then. Preserve kyrie at all costs. Hayward get well 👁 
bitching at the refs after an nba game is getting exhausting to listen to.  at this point, its just part of the deal.  it goes against us some nights and we benefit from shitty officiating on other nights.  it probably equals out over the course of the season.
“Tonight felt like a finals preview”-skip mother fucking bayless 
Fuck the refs. That is all. 
Celtics should have fucking won this game, so Brad could come out and smack all the referees with his dick.
At least depending on monday we’ll be the one seed still 
I normally hate when people bitch about the refs. That was egregiously lopsided officiating. 
Celtics lost and "my" girl ignored me all day. Fuck my life fam 
FUCK THE REFS.
That was the epitome of refball. That is all we should take away from losing this game. We can beat the Warriors on any given day, even when the refs are that ridiculous and we are missing our 6th man, its still a super-close game
What a fucking heart attack, we can't pretend Steph isn't fucking unbelievable, but the fact that we kept letting him lurk free was infuriating; add that shit to the refs having their heads up their asses, and well, GS is beatable for us.
I see what you're saying, but Durant and Klay were garbage on offense tonight. The fucking Warriors, man. Just not fair.

Next year, though. We're going to be built to counter GS and I can't wait.
you forgot durant and klay also played as bad as they could. Dont just look at 1 player. warriors have 4 hall of famers. durant wont be this bad and curry probably wont score 50. but who knows
Ordinarily I would say fuck the goddamn refs but game was so fucking unreal I ain't even mad we lost..
Hate how we let Curry stat pad down the stretch. 
The thing is that the calls weren't questionable this time. And questionable is just a euphemism for close but against my team.  The refs were literally rigging the game tonight
For a 4 game sweep! Yay! For real though, how do Warriors fans continue pretending they're anything but a lock for the championship with four all stars, two MVP candidates, and a stacked bench. It seems like legitimate make believe.
The worst by far was Steph complaining about the foul he had on the 3-1 breakaway. He HUGGED for an intentional foul and then still bitched! What the fuck was that?
Because we were still in the game even though that happened.  Refs being terrible had a huge impact. 
nah - steph curry lost us this game. 
We all salty bro; fuck those refs, I hope they all go to jail like fucking Donhaugy or however you spell that fuck's name.
I’m so fucking angry.
We should have beat that fucking abomination tonight though man.
If by "debatable" you mean, absolutely not debatable at all.

It should have been a 4 point play.
This is usually the case. But this time, you guys lost *because of* of the refs. Straight-up.
Absolutely. Disappointed in our fan base with the blaming.
He was horrible tonight 
We can't expect klay and kd to be this cold like today 
Isn't your math missing Klay's usual 20+ and Kd's usual 25+ points?
Hell no that guy is awful
Nah, fuck you
That's because everybody hates the Sixers. Fuck you guys
Against the Lakers, when they didn’t call the one on Khama, I thought that they would never call one again. Guessed wrong.
He tends to make a lot of teams lose, unfortunately.
I hate the blame game, we had many other chances.
HE WAS FUCKING HACKED
That was basically GAME. 
>Don’t be a sore loser.

What? I'm a Cavs fan. Yes, the refs decided this game. 2-3 points is enough to swing the outcome of a game.
LBJ losin to the fucking Raps in round 2.
he's always cold against us. curry usually too, but that's when we have Smart
Dubs fan myself. Us playing bad against you guys has been an excuse for 3 years now. You guys have always matched up well against us, and I would rather play the Cavs again than y'all in a heartbeat .
say it with me

FUCK
He said if you get trolls you've made it, we get trolls and we havent made it yet so im just saying hes wrong
maybe you have a point but fuck these refs and their dumbass calls at crucial moments that fucked us
Or when they claimed KD blocked Al's shot put totally got his entire arm. I mean I think curry was on fire but they were missing hard fouls on boston and calling the ticky tackiest shit for GS. It didn't cost us the game but its annoying to see how inconsistent the refs can be in the finals minutes.
> someone to hound Curry all game

I miss my boy Avery T_T
Fuck outta here with this pointless shit. Stupid ass bot
He injured his hand swiping at a picture frame, got a laceration. Some horrible Instagram-addicted girl leaked a bunch of vids revealing him smoking, as well as his phone number and Venmo pics of him paying her off, and then she threatened to release a sex tape and put up an ultrasound pic. Just a whole bunch of crap.
Don't particularly care what his percentages are.  But I do care that he plays like a mother fucking cuddly panda sometimes.  His post ups all game were atrocious.  And then he tops it off with weak floaters at the front of the rim.

Oh and while I'm ragging on bigs, Baynes is absolute Australian trash.
I'm literally *siding* with your team, and you tell me to get out? Man, people are weird.

You could be a Warriors fan for all I know, actually.
Not in the mood unfortunately 
Yeah I was frustrated why our guys weren't mugging him the way they were on Kyrie.  But at the end of the day, you only stop a team from sending help by having the other guys make their shots.
I believe that. I just find it tough to look at a two game span where three separate all-stars had ice cold games and not give a huge amount of credit to the defense they played against. 
If we didn’t let Steph drop 50 then the officiating wouldn’t have mattered.

One of those two things you can affect and the other you can’t. Focusing on the reffing is dumb.
I never said the dude made ZERO shots, but it seems like he rushes shit when the game gets tight.
Omg idgaf about the logic I know I’m wrong just lemme be salty 
Those refs just called fouls when the amount of contact was borderline a couple times. These ones allowed blatant hacks. Go back to the Warriors sub and stop trolling ours, put your head in the sand and pretend the refs didn't decide last nights game.
So how bout that blatant foul Morris made on Curry's layup that wasn't called at the end there? There's going to be misses and bad calls every game. But there were more than enough bad calls on both sides.
That you're neither and just a troll. You were literally defending Barry Church's dirty hit on Gronk in the Pats sub, in the AFCCG thread.

Troll.
He just needs to work on his court vision and the game will slow down for him. 
You know, Chris Paul isn’t moody or angry he’s just misunderstood...
Game recognizes game!!
I can see him being that one random non star in those LA offseason pickup games next year. 
Scary Terry ain't no scared of sneks
Well Harden arguably does not play hard on both sides. But yeah I don’t think that’s what CP was saying
This confirms it then. He’s returning on March 23rd. I can’t believe Brad just said it blatantly.
The coach prepares for the wrost situation, not best.

Nah fuck that noise. 

3/23 or we riot 👁️🔺🍀
Irrelevant. Grant Hill's career was wrecked because he accepted an endorsement contract that bankrupted the company manufacturing his equipment, not because of medical mismanagement.
Fuck all refs in any sport
Irving can get foul calls.

The Warriors all get foul calls.

Tatum and Mook and Larkin can't get shit. 

The NBA desperately needs to do something about this superstar call bullshit ASAP. 
Where's that bitchass motherfucker that calls Jaylen "stone hands" every game. He can catch these hands!
“They’re gonna say in the act of shooting”

Of fucking COURSE they are. They always do. Jesus.
These fucking officials ...It's every fucking game at this point
Kyrie Irving makes me ridiculously horny
LOOOOOOL. He was literally dribbling and failed into Rozier.... 
I bet Draymond Green has terrible breath 
That was at least two fouls by Durant underneath but he's a superstar with 2 already.
jaylen 2/2 ft league fucked
Man Kyrie LOVES going at Durant, it's so weird considering how long he is.
Crazy that they’re gonna foul their way to this W and we can’t do anything about it
I hate to be one of these guys, but these refs have been fucking garbage.
Hey this Curry guy can shoot. Maybe we should defend him differently. Maybe, I dunno STEP UP ON A FUCKING SCREEN JAYLEN.
Why are they commentating this game like a blowout? Talk about this game idiots! 
The fucking warriors get all the fucking calls and then bitch when they foul 
Another extremely soft call in the back court on morris in the 4th. Derrick Stafford won this game for the wars tonight. Ugly
These refs are so fucking awful 
Can I get a fucking replay ESPN? Seriously wtf.
Kyrie is going off but we can't catch a fucking break
Where's that negative Nancy at? He's awful quiet. 
Holy fuck a foul call whats that fellas
One point game and we down marcus and Gordon. It's a green horizon. 
What the actual fuck is this officiating to end the game?
Fuck all fake ass announcers that don't realize how terrible refs are
Gg gsw but fuck the refs
HAVE WE BEEN MISSING SHOTS ALL SEASON TO UNLEASH IN THIS GAME WTF
Jaylen Brown breakout game??
Game is gonna end 200 to 150 
This unit is awful. And the refs just letting them pound the hell out of us. Fuck this. 
#Cold take:
The Celtics are gods and can bend time and space through basketball
Someone unplug JVG's mic I want to listen to the game.
KYRIE GOT FUCKING FOULED
I'm so sick of these refs
Morris did not foul that time. This is bad.
If I sucked this bad at my job like these refs I wouldn't have a fucking job.
THE WARRIORS GET FAVORABLE CALLS WHEN IT MATTERS. EVERY FUCKING GAME
man I hate JVG and Marc Jackson calling games. They suck, all they do is bitch about stuff
Jaylen 4/4 FT's, league fucked.
Kyrie owns the fucking Oracle. 
Kyrie is straight up nasty today
It's no longer "I hope we can give the Warriors a game and hope we can pull off a shocking upset."

It's now "I expect to beat the Warriors no matter where and when the game's played."
Pleasepleaseplease bench don't fuck this up.
well at least we got Larkin punking KD with a steal out of that stretch
Kyrie with that Michael's secret stuff Lmaooo
Kyrie brought his A+ game tonight.
Westbrook's "style" is worse than Kyrie's wokeness
can these guys start talking about the game?
A fucking lane violation on a routine FT is how you know the refs lean one way.

That's not a real foul. That happens on every FT attempt every single time in every game. 
It's not even a Cavs game gosh ESPN
Wtf Does Curry ever get tired
WHY IN THE FUCK IS LARKIN GETTING ISO CALLS????
Wtf? Green molested Theis.
Fuck KD. Snake ass looking fucker
Refs threw this game completely in the Warriors favor. The no calls on our drives is infuriating.
Took them fucking 10 seconds to call that 
Weak ass fouls everywhere
Bro refs are dumb
God awful refereeing in the last three minute of this game. 
Scary fucking Terry 

SCARY FUCKING TERRY WITH THE PURE FILTHHHHH
That definitely hit the rim wtf
The warriors bitch so much it’s insane. Can’t wait to see them get humbled one day
All zebras. Fuck this league.
THE REF COULDNT EVEN SEE THAT STEPH FOUL EARLIER WHAT THE FUCK?!?????
Man, you guys are getting hosed by the refs, wtf
Repping the Celtics hard at Oracle tonight. Let's go boys!!!!
I wonder what 3itkh would say about this start, probably "shit effort" "Jaylen looks awful AGAIN" ect
FUCK THESE FUCKING REFS
HOLY SHIT WHAT AN INTRO TO THE GAME!
Gonna score 150 tonight and get our scoring average up to almost 80 a game!
5 minutes, 5 points, 3 assists.  
  
Al fucking Horford.
Kyrie shooting 100% is some terrifying shit, for other teams ;)
They just blocked a shot on the rim and we don't get the blatant goaltend call? Seriously? 
Basketball is a game of runs. 
That's the stupidest fucking cheer I've ever heard.
Anyone else’s feed of the game randomly switch audio with some NBA officiating podcast?
JVG shut the fuck up idiot
I think it's still a game. Warriors usually dominate 3rd quarters anyway.
No call on tatum then weak ass call on brown fuck these refs
Can we please end the game with Kyrie Jaylen Tatum Morris and Horford 
How is that a foul wtf
scary terry and kyrie, lets gooooo
BALLL DONT FUCKING LIE
CALL A FUCKING FOUL
That no call on the Green eye poke swung this game. Fuck this.
These no-calls against GSW are fucking obnoxious. They don't need the help
This is disgusting. Debasing the fucking NBA. Fuck Derrick Stafford.
THAT SHOULD BE CELTICS BALL! ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Breen you think this is a masterpiece? Wtf
Fuck sports.
SCARY TERRY
FUCK YOU REFS SCARY TERRY GON' ' MAKE THIS A GAME TIL THE LAST SECOND 
I want to take this moment to say my sincerest fuck you to ESPN for being a shitty broadcaster. 
You know what fucking cost us? That shooting motion call on Green.
Too bad. We’ll get them in the Finals. 
God damn the warriors are just so unlikeable it’s insane 
The worst part of KD joining the warriors is that we don’t get to see Curry like this every night
What did Kyrie eat before the game my god 
I’m so fucking pumped for Jaylen man
Coach Dad with the jokes about our bench’s bad offense 
Tatum is playing scared. Rozier is ice cold today. We have no physicality on the bench without Marcus.
It is a game of runs
When the Celtics go on a run, nobody move. Stay in your spots until it ends. Then you can move. I’m superstitious and it worked during the Patriots game 
Everytime I hear that Warriors chant, it sounds like they're singing BORING, BORING, BORING lol
Jesus it’s so annoying how you can’t even give curry a nanosecond of daylight or else he’ll drill a three

Edit: and he hits another one. God.
This is gonna get ugly when Kyrie sits.
All u mfers do in game threads is complain god damn
God I can't fucking stand the warriors 
How the fuck is Steph complaining 
WTF is this memo the commentators are talking about? 
CALL THE GAME DUMBASSES. BREEN GET THE CROWBAR
Holy shit I just realized Theis is younger than me.. WTF
I hate Horford isolation plays 
God damn I'm tired of this officiating
Morris got fouled wtf
Kyrie is a fucking superstar
Stupid as Marcus was in getting himself injured, I have absolutely no doubt he will come out stronger than ever from this. He's definitely devastated to miss this game.
I fucking hate these refs
WE ARE MAKING KD UNCOMFORTABLE 
Fuck these refs yo
Come on every fucking time gs gets calls fuck you
Genuinely fuck these refs 
I hate nba refs fuck them
That was a bad possession ugh
Wtf
WTF
I hate refs sometimes 
I don't mind when calls go wrong both ways, but fuck this game and fuck KD
Fuck these refs man. A stacked team like the Warriors need help from the whistle to beat us.
ROZIER THE FUCKING GOAT
He's so fucking clutch
SCARY TERRY
WHAT THE FUCK
SCARY
This should be a given but don't give us a bad name oustide this sub post game.
Holy fuck shut up JVG 
Smart dearly missed in these final minutes, really needless to say :(
Fuck these refs to hell 
Man this lineup fucking sucks
Warriors just don't stop crying at every single call, even the completely blatant. It's incredibly annoying.
Fuck KD
If I performed that badly at my job, I'd not only be fired I'd be blacklisted from any future jobs in my career. 
it's half time and we're up against the fucking warriors. let's fucking go!!!!!!!


Ugly sweater lady must be a season ticket holder 
Steph does some crazy ish sometimes yeezus
The score line is insane considering how well the d from both teams is being played rn
KYRIE FUCKING IRVING
Need to cut out the dumb turnovers rn
Fuck a little bit of change of momentum and the sooks appear like clockwork 
Tatum must not be afraid to make mistakes, this is type of game that can let him grow
Wish the commentstors would shut the fuck up about the Celtics going cold. Easy to go cold when you get slapped in the face when trying to shoot.
Kyrie.  Simply unbelievable.
I watched the first quarter and got on the road before the 2nd started. I come to the thread to see how we’re doing and everyone is showing frustration at our bench and terrible lineup decision. I’m wondering how badly we blew our 10 point lead. We’re still up 42-37 when I check the score. Smh. 
GS crowd is so lame. Reminds of something out of Silicon Valley. 
Wtf this girl is crazy man 
What’s with Al and posting smaller defenders? He just so bad at it! 
Baynes is tired
omg shut the fuck up iguodala
Call the game, Van Gundy.  Stop talking about the ref issue.
That was a scary fall
Steph and Kyrie are both balling out, the difference is the Warriors have 3 other all stars. Fuck them
Hard for anyone to compete with a team that has 4 all-nba level players.  If Hayward returns and Tatum pans out we might come close. 
Who the fuck is going to score for us?
Officiating in nba is the absolute worst in all pro sports
Call a foul wtf
Lol just laughable that Tatum didn’t get a call. Even Mark Jackson knew it.

#”There’s an awful lot of contact not being called.”
CAN WE GET A FUCKING WHISTLE 
oh my god jaylen sloppy in crunch time :(((( baby lets go
Fuck yeah we got this boys
Ohhhh shit!!
Get that late weak ass whistles outta here
Wow jaylen is nasty
Kyrie gets obliterated on one end, then two fucking ticky tac fouls around it.
MAN FUCK KD
Fucking of course its a foul.
Brad's dumbfounded face says it all, fuck you refs.
Wtf
Fuck all TRo haters
Are you fucking kidding me! Scary Terry! 
OMG SCARY TERRY
Scary AF
#SCARY MOTHERF*CKING TERRY
SCARY TERRY
I hate that man for what he did to the pacers but man he's clutch
If we can go to OT, despite those horrible calls and non-calls, it would be a fucking miracle!

DUMB FUCKING REFS 
Refs are bad
Well thats game...
THAT CLEARLY HIT THE FUCKING RIM!!!
We're way better than this bunch of fuckbois with GH. Everyone associated with their org is a miserable turd. 
Season|W/L%
:--|:--
2017-18|0.714
2016-17|0.646
2015-16|0.585
2014-15|0.488
2013-14|0.305

Celtics are scary.
Tatum has been bad so far.
Omg baynes without bun is terrifying
This gymnast is making me feel bad.. because I had a giant dinner and two cocktails over one half alone
Cannot express how much I hate Curry and his stupid fucking mouthguard.
KYRIE ARE YOU SERIOUS 
THIS IS A FUCKING JOKE
Marcus fuck outta here bro
Wait.... what channel is the game on?
JAYLEN FUCK YOUR SHIT BROWN!!!
Ugly sweater lady is feeling it tonight
God damn it i just hate that they hit every damn three they take 
They seriously bitching about AL being an all star?
Fuck
Fuck this call... 
We're playing some quality fucking basketball 
I mean, if we play like this all the time we're fucking nuts.
I don't like this line-up. Just gonna put that out there now. Hope I'm wrong. 
Jaylen chill out man we didn’t mean those passive aggressive comments.
Slow tf down
So this is what happens when kyrie and jaylen r out the game
I swear people on this sub have never played a game of basketball in their lives... it’s a game of runs guys chill
I find it sad Horford can't reliably post up a smaller Klay
Basketball is a game of runs.
Where the fuck is Jaylen??
Semi make a fucking shot you fuck.
Scary Terry... bitch!
Fucking travel?
This crowd is brighter than Pat Boone eating whipped cream at a hockey game
Wtf how is she doing that
WHAT the fuck she balanced on her neck 
FUCK ZAZA
Holy fuck, no shots are going in. Come on.
Wtf Baynes
Pachouli has to be the ugliest motherfucker not to be the victim of some sorta horrific accident.
HOLY FUCK KYRIE GOT AN AND 1
Warriors are mad they have to work this hard.
Make a fucking FT wtf
Larkin on curry is just dumb
we have to be one of the worst 3rd qtr teams 
Make a fucking FT.
I mean it was tripping kinda
Seven point game, let's go C's!!!
In a game of runs, being down 7 is basically like being ahead by 2
Tatum has been awful
Jaylen wtf
Al Horford would fuck Shaun skinnybitch Livingston up
yeah, can we not lose like this? last minute was just stupid
that's just careless by jaylen
woooo we got a game boys
Fucking BS. How does KD get that call after all the missed calls
Warriors get the and 1 after all those fucking no calls.
I am shocked Theis made that
Some unreal basketball in this game
Jesus fucking Christ the refball in this game is insane 
What fucking foul?
"You can make the case that there was contact."

You fucking think?
FUck these POS refs
We'd be blowing them out had this game been evenly called.
Jesus we can’t buy a fucking foul
Wtf
Oh, what the fuck.
How is a 5 point game with a minute to go game over yall need to shut the fuck up
FUCK OFF REFS
Refs are dumb
The farthest official away from the play calls the foul? Are you fucking kidding me?
yeah, the reffs gave away this game.
CALL IT BOTH WAYS YOU FUCKING ASSHOLES.
WTF refs?
So that ref Derrick Stafford. Makes a call on morris and hes the furthest from the play itself.....has the worst view of it on the court......
Damn refs fucking us this time
Thank fucking god
HOLY SHIT! SCARY MOTHERFUCKING T3RRY!
#TERRY FUCKING ROZIER
SCARY TERRY BITCH 
Rosier fuck yea
My fucking heart.
The WatchESPN stream is behind but TERRY 
SCARY TERRY
PLEASE FUCKING GUARD CURRY FOR FUCKS SAKE
SCARY TERRY
Fuck...
Since when the fuck do they cal lane violation 
Fuck you refs
WAT THE FUCK
this half time performance is fucking wit me. does she not have a spine
Fuck Jimmy Kimmel
I hate Stephen Curry.
Fuck GSW. 
Horford blew this game big time. As did the refs not calling shit. 
Our bench is so bad. 
Jesus everyone but Breen sucks
Fuck jvg is so annoying
Late whistle on that theis foul
Shut the fuck up mark
FUCK THESE REFS
Oh fuck these fucking cunts
Sickening. Refs decided this game.
BUT ZAZA WASN'T FUCKING COMMITTING A LANE VIOLATION THERE?

Honestly fuck this game. The officials are fucking disgustingly corrupt. 
Everyone bitching about the refs like wtf?  It's not worse thn any other game. 
Curry is so fucking unlikeable 
What's with all these dramatic promos? It's not like we haven't played them this season...
The game depends on kid n play tn
It seems so weird to me that it’s still afternoon on the US west coast and I’m here deciding what to cook for lunch in Australia
I got the Scariest of Terrys going off tonight. Let's fuck these trash talking clowns up. 
REFS ARE GOING OUR WAY. THAT WAS A HORRIBLE CALL! 
Stupid foul
Weak ass foul god damn
Morris chooses the biggest game on our road trip to start shooting VERY BADLY
Terry Rozier is tough. In four minutes on the court he grabbed 3 rebounds which included 2 offensive rebounds.
That was an awful series of possessions by the C's there, ugh
Awful start to 2nd qtr
Man that was a weak stretch, I swear that Terry takes all the wrong shots
Fuck them up Tatum
Fuck yeah.
There you fucking go Terry,
Scary Terry >>>> Curry
Semi is really bad
Why wouldn't every horrible shot bounce right back to them? 
that was your rebound, semi god fucking dammit
4 poss, 9 pts to start the half

not ideal
Poor Tatum.
Tatum got nothin right now :(
It’s laughable how bad jaylen’s handles are when he drives. Makes me really sad.
Poor Jayson looks like Nick Anderson '95.
Tatum had been terrible 
Sit Tatum the fuck down!!!
poor tatum :( having a hard month
FUCK KD 
WOW THAT WAS CRAZY
Damn how did they tame a 7 foot snake and teach it to play basketball? Man science is crazy 
Why the fuck does Kyrie not just shoot the ball
what the fuck is up with baynes
Baynes is sometimes inexcusably bad 
It's all fucking one shot and no effort on trying for offensive rebounds.
Guys slow it down and stop skipping steps 
every other team would have lost this game by now.
Kyrie should be taking every other shot, at least.
Iguodala is so fucking annoying
man marcus morris  makes moves look so awkward but sinks the shot to end it. 
Ankles are not safe while wearing green 😅
Could be worse
I grew up about 4 hours away from the nearest nba team... is going to the games worth it because these commercial break “activities” look boring. Does the game in person make up for this stupid shit?

It's the warriors. This is the team that's supposed to be untouchable and they need an insane curry game to be up 7 on us. Cut down the turnovers and we're probably winning keep your head up people. 
What the fuck is that call
Guy runs into tatum no call TO lame
I don't understand, if we are putting Tatum on Iggy, why are we letting him ISO on the perimeter? He's not fast enough, throw it in the fucking post and get out of the way.
Jaylen fuck you Brown
Tatum was fucking fouled!
Tatum getting rooked. :(
What the fuck does a longboye gotta do to get a call?!
Yo can Tatum get a whistle? WTF
I just don't get why Irving isn't in yet what the fuck 
Fuck yea horford. Vet these clowns
What in the fucking fuck
GS’s bench might be worst then ours 
:/
I'm fucking deceased that we move the ball that uch to settle for a theis 3 pointer. but okaaaaay
Holy fuck I hate David west
Late fucking whistle 
Get Morris out of this game. Not time for that shit in crunch time.
JAYLEN WITH A FUCKING CLINIC
LETS FUCKING GO
All game our interior shooting has been a disaster. They'd be up by 10 if they could hit a fucking layup or 2 foot jumper
Horford drives me up a fucking wall
Refs are working hard to fuck us
Fuck these blind motherfucks
SCARY FUCKING TERRY 
Hard trap D here
Scary terry bitch
so fucking scary 
#TERRY 2 SCARY
Terry “Michael “Scary Terry” Jordan” Rozier
hell of a game
We got a chance boys.  Just deny Curry and hope for the miracle drive to end the game.
WTF
Should have given him the hard foul
Gsw fans are fucking dorks. Annoying. So many old people at the game. 
Poor Tatum is in over his head
Northwest mutual: men are just so mean and incompetent at running an architecture firm.
Seriously Al?
Our offense has been ridiculous so far.  Too bad it can’t last. 
Morris sucks
That was just disgusting and pitiful. Why are Rozier and Larkin the ones shooting when the other 3 are Tatum, Horford, and Morris?
The bench FUCKING SUCKS
WEST is such a dirty player
Semi might have had the worse layup attempt I've ever seen.
Holy crap didn't know we had another NBA Champion in our roster.
FUCK DRAYMOND GREEN AND FUCK YOU VAN "NOT A FOUL" GUNDY
IF WE COULD JUST GET A FUCKING REBOUND!
SCARY

FUCKIN

TERRY
Horrible Horford...
WHY THE FUCK DOES HORFORD ALWAYS SUCK WHEN THE GAME IS ON THE LINE>!>!>!>?????
Downvote me, but Marcus let his fucking team down in the absolute worst way. 
I hate curry so much. Just wanna punch him in his annoying smug face
Fuck Steph Curry
Horford is just horrible
Horford you fucking bum
Curry fuck you 3
The FACT people pay green to make that commercial is eveythig that’s wrong with America. Dude talks shit about inequality and makes this shit? Fuck that fuck google 
Stop blaming the refs guys, jesus fucking christ. We had this game and they blew it. Couldn't hit a close shot to save their lives. Without Kyrie we lose this by 20.
So Curry and Green just never sit? Larkin vs Curry is just laughably bad.
Fucking hate David West. 
Ugh fuck our bench
Morris has been bad. We need him.
Horford is bad and the reason we lose right guys?? Give this man his respect 
These turnovers are terrible. 
no... kyrie missed the first shot =(
Tatum what the fuck man time to produce
AFTER ALL THAT FUCKING MUGGING
WTF you guys have no shooting on the floor
How hard is it to grab the ball? 
Fuckkkkk, our bench sucks
Fuck this unit brad. Can we not blow our lead?
oje sucks offensively
Fuck Shane Larkin....jesus
And fuck Al
Please. This is a fucking travesty 
I feel this way about every game we play. 
Wait I’m confused, both of those teams are the Celtics
Lame he wasdriving not shooting
Every game.  It's insanity.
The open looks he's gotten have been fucking mind numbing.
That whole conversation was fucking annoying... can we just taking about the game on hand
Terrible broadcast
they hate us, because they ain't us
He tries so hard to voice a different opinion than everyone else. "THAT SHOULD COUNT AS 7 POINTS!! NO IM SERIOUS!!"
maybe switch Scary Terry and Kyrie
It’s already broken dude... league fucked
Anna Horford heard, which is worse
It's weird lurking in the Warriors thread they're acting like this is the single worst officiated game in history, and we're getting all the calls.
The picture frame looked at him wrong
That possession was butt fucking ugly.  Didn't deserve anything
Mr 4th quarter, thats when he does his damage. He needs to shoot jumpers that he can create himself, when he drives its 50/50 if he'll fumble it out of bounds or something stupid.
I don't get why though, anytime they start whining and losing the refs help them out without fail. Why even make a big stink if it happens literally every close game?
Actually we are worse than the Hawks. Our offensive rating is 2nd worse in the NBA when Kyrie hits the bench. Only one worse than us is the Kings
"Hush mum is trying to watch the game" would be my response
Refs have been awful for everyone this year, and Mark Jackson and JVG have the audacity to blame the players
At the cost of a small country's GDP
College basketball refs are the worst
#Cold take
I know getting more time than Tatum who has been horrible
Not his game today
Hes having a bad game. 
Hes a rookie game needs to slow down
I’m sitting here eating Lindor chocolates, don’t feel bad
Road game so Scal and Mike
This game is giving me the runs if you know what I'm saying
Bad decision. Should have sent in a rainbow and hope Baynes/Horf/Tatum put it back in
Any fan base that uses those slappy noise things 
As usual
At least Jaylen played poorly too... /s...
He’s desperately trying to make the Warriors look good for leaving someone open, fucking pathetic 
Nah he's pretty chill tbh harden is the worst 
In the big scheme of things it was sloppy all around
But when he is. The sub explodes with “FUCK HERO BALL”
I think that's what they call Charlestown, not sure though 
He is not good at defending Curry.
#LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Tickets are expensive as fuck. It's a bunch of tech bro fuckboys and old white people now. I went to the season opener in 2009 when they were bad and the crowd was LIT. 
They doubled Horf, Tatum was afraid to do anything and just gave it back, Morris looks terrible right now.
Tatum looks so lost and useless out there
Almost as bad as his one before.
If our only hope is Curry cooling down, we're gonna have a bad time.
Bro I could give a 45 min powerpoint presentation on why the refs turned the tide of this game. 
Are you serious? He got clobbered
Gee, I dunno, maybe fans want to see the players decide the game. Just a guess.
All I see are sore losers for miles. Sometimes they blow calls but that's not what causes every loss we get. I'm tired of seeing people cry about refs after a loss every time. 
Are you serious? If not for him and Kyrie we would be getting blown out. I don't see anyone criticizing Tatum this badly for not showing up again.
Fuck klay
Was just thinking the same thing. He's the worst.
Get the fuck out of this game thread then.
Delete you fake account bitch boy
I can't imagine being a reddit troll, it's just so incredibly pathetic.
Be gone evil spirits.
Or rugby refs...sorry I'm just mad
Feels bad man
So annoying, I don’t want to hear some boring ass national commentator bringing up IT drama, confusing our bench players, and reciting stats off a pre-game stat sheet. 
 
I need a sound board set up so I can play ‘GOT IT!’ for every single Celtics attempt. 
Welp, fuck em then I guess.
Ya too bad it looks like they are right atm...
They didn't "throw" the game to anyone. Don't be one of those fans that we bitch about whenever we beat a team in a close game
Get bent and get the fuck out my sub
He's been slobbin' all over the warriors knob all night. In my opinion NBA commentators are the worst in all of the 4 major sports. 
at least they can do a bit of adjustment instead of playing 4-5 mins mindlessly
I wonder if anyone has told him he's built like a brick house.  Why the fuck is he euro stepping all the time?
HEs been shitposting all game
I’ve watched every game this year. Warriors are OP.
Where am I wrong here?
he is clutch shooter but he is selfish and a ball stopper. He makes lots of crazy fadeaways but ultimately I think he hurts our offense 
Are you watching the game? It’s unlikely but we clearly have a chance against them in the finals
I'll admit I am mad, but at the same time watching this team compete like this on the road gives me a lot of excitement...I hate losing though, especially like this
People with NBATV can't see half time shows. But yeah during the 3rd they always talk about big issues, it's become a norm for them and I like it because I've gotten used to it I guess. I used to hate Van Gundy so much during The Big 3 era because he hated and underrated us, but now that it's over I really like listening to his points. Even when he's wrong he makes you think a lot
Jerebko AND Theis on the same team?? League fucked
I agree 100% !! Also the national feed hasn’t launched yet so I’ve gone with warriors home so I can at least see the stadium feed.

What part of Aus you at?
It's hard to watch when the outcome is predetermined 
Sheesh, by golly, it isn't too lame.
Nobody wants to suck your nasty dick, even in all caps. Clown.
No I think he wasn't cooperating with the mods or something.  Not really sure but I miss him 
So it's a conspiracy then? Come on man. It was a close game that didn't go our way.

Yeah, so ESPN or ABC? Van Gundy is alright, not sure who is on ABC tonight.
I mean, just a tad. 
Comparing Marcus to Blake is a fucking travesty. 
Hes gona ask for like at least 15

The NBA trade deadline is showing how desperate every team is for wings and the Cs are sitting on Brown, Tatum, Morris, AND Hayward. 

In Danny We Trust. 
Is it creepy that I've been sending encouraging whispers to Gordon on his twitch account?  Stuff like "we are with you" "green runs deep". I hope he sees them.
Nope, ask in 3 years if the Pelicans are bad 
We just fucking had this post. Show some goddamn respect and delete.
Shut the fuck up
Give me upvotes, uh, I mean "NO, stop it".
Very little chance. The meme is just that.  Gordon has a lot of rehabilitation to still go through.  He has rehab goals unrelated to basketball that he needs to go through before the basketball ones can be a focus.  I'd be absolutely shocked if we see Gordon play this season. 
From having a broken leg....if he is out of the brace he can jump. The videos of him shooting set are not an indication that he can't. A lot of players shoot set shots during practice
Wasn't PG's worse
At the very least, Hayward looks like someone who trains hard.
That doesnt mean anything. He can be running and jumping in 8 weeks.
Much much worse
Not many places you can get away with making up garbage...Reddit, Whitehouse, Goodell’s brain...
No thanks. Utah is where KG hurt his knee in 2009. If that game doesn’t happen we three-peat.
The playoffs take forever. If we have the #1 seed, we have at least 2 rounds... or over a month to get him up to speed before we face any serious threats 
Finals Game 7?
It looked worse,  but I don’t think he suffered ligament damage. Hayward did. 
FUCK THE LAKERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
At this point, I’m actually rooting for the lakers so that Philly gets the worst possible pick.
I always knew they wouldn't be bad enough for this pick. Just tough when they have every reason to play as well as they could 
 The deadline as well as their late schedule. A lot can happen. 
At first I thought this was because you guys wanted to trade for him, but then I realized Gordon Hayward. Christ, injuries are fucking stupid.
Fuck Achilles injuries even harder than knee injuries.
Bummer! As an NBA fan I always hate seeing stars get injured, or any player for that matter. He'll be back salty as ever, no doubt. 
With so little time left in the game, that's awful
Bulls fan here and seen this post and like it a lot. Sucks seeing someone go down like that trying to make a hustle play. 
It's not pretty. One of the worst injuries a big man can get.
Not sure I'd call Cousins gritty. He pouts when he doesn't get calls or plays poorly. He can often be found half-assing it on defense. 


I'm not trying to kick the guy when hes down. Injuries are awful and Cousins is a great player, but there's no need to create a false narrative. 
Well there was definitely an improvement since he arrived in NOLA, he's much more in control of his emotions than he was in SAC. I hope he'll fully recover, it's a bad injury happening at the worst possible time, he'll miss the playoffs again, it will affect his free agency, and maybe the rest of his career, it's sad. 
I wonder what will happen for the all star game, can someone else get his spot, or are the teams locked already ?
Sick Brag.
Steph taking Embiid over Cousins is kinda weird. 
this is just common sense
It isn't anymore :(
Oh thank God even though it's a dumb injury. Hopefully this lights a fire under his ass to close out the season. 
Poor Marcus got taken advantage of by some stripper and she doxxed him and he lost his shit. That sucks dude. I’m sorry you’re hurt. 
Damn guess he didn’t beat the fuck out of his meat 
https://twitter.com/AnnaHorford/status/956998932223217667?s=17


Anna is the goat. Fuck that Philly troll

Edit: god damn don’t hurt him: https://twitter.com/AnnaHorford/status/957000577422159877?s=17
 I feel ya Marcus.  Hotel art sucks. 
I’m confused. I thought he was seen wearing a sling. Are we suppose to believe he also sprained a muscle from punching that picture frame. 
Read a couple places that this is why he was upset/punching defenseless picture frames, but can't find anything on it. Any info or sources?
Someone needs to find that asshole, knock him down and pee on his insecure face.
The goal of trolling is to get other people to fight with each other, not get people mad at you. He's doing the easiest thing ever and then patting himself on the back for it. *yawn*
Damn... was there anything leading up to this? Lot of comments about Marcus getting frustrated by strippers and crap
One for each block, amirite?

Sorry everyone. 
Stay fucking woke bitches
I mean, yeah, that’s typically how the healing process works 
Don't fuck with my heart, Mike. 
League fucked
I mean he's 19, so Call of Duty? 2K? Wonder if he's a console guy.
Even though there’s a difference between regular season and playoffs and it was a close game, we still beat them so there’s some weak points if there’s that we have figured out
Or maybe he was sick of the drama and blushing constantly surrounding LeBron James.
Not sure Cavs would trade Ky for IT knowing we had KD. 
spoelstra for COTY makes me feel like I'm going to have a fucking aneurysm every time I hear it
Crazy to think that I watched Paul his rookie year through 19 seasons. And now we have Tatum to watch for the next 20 (hopefully all in green). And both their personalities are the coolest. 
20 seasons is absurd idk about that 
Yes Butler and winslow fell to 10 for Miami. I swear it prompts some comparisons to PP. If you are a 3, and get picked 10th by miami, you are called a Paul Pierce clone (or if you are Parker).

Parker's story sucks just because his injuries made it impossible for him to meet expectations and likely stunted development during key formative years. 
Damn what the fuck did he do in that hotel? 
I don;'t think he cut his hand, he must have punched something and did something worse....
fuck
Based on limited information, I would guess he punched the mirror in his hotel room. Ended up cutting his hand on the broken glass, and likely sustained a fracture of a metacarpal bone in the process, which explains why he is wearing a sling. 
Marcus Dumb if he spazzed on himself 
Let’s see how the team plays without him. If his hustle isn’t badly needed I don’t see the team re signing him 
Hate to say it, cya Marcus.

Next year, he is gone. They already failed at negotiating an extension so its clear they dont agree on value.

This type of stuff puts your team at a disadvantage and is hard to forgive.
Beat da fuck outta his meat
What would that worse thing be?
Smart blows. I won't miss him jacking up a bunch of threes that hit the side of backboard. I really hope they let him go. He loves to shoot and sucks at shooting. Terrible combination.
Doesn't get much worse than that
I don't want Hood on this team. Poor defense, inefficient offense, and an attitude to boot.

He's a hard worker, but he's not a champion.
How do you ice out players if you don’t shoot? You’re just making shit up. I read your other post. It was bad. It provided no evidence. 
? 
Sorry, I don't get what you mean.
The league is not fucking ready for the Curry/Horford pick and roll game. 
Honestly shocked. I'm guessing Kristaps was last pick 
A lineup with Steph, Klay, Draymond and Al would be sick. Floor spacing and ball movement for days.
Seriously, how did Steph let Davis, Durant *and* Kyrie all get away?
No more speaking for you that team would be too spooky.
The casual disrespect for Hayward smh
Lebron was like fuck that I'm not picking him. Steph was like I'm gonna fuck with LeBron
Not sure what this guy brings to the table that we don't already have IMO.  
The uber home after being the underage friend not getting into the bar is always depressing. 
This may be the rookie wall they were refering to in game. 
Creepy stalking. 
Fuck the clippers he deserves a night out
Uhh no its a salty move from a bitch-made clipper fan. Underage ballers are in the club *all* the time in every city, people just keep it hush and there are ways they get around it. This bouncer was just being a jackass on purpose.
Just get a fake ID there are no good 18+ clubs.
Shit, what was that called? Fuck, I had friends who went there.
We had an 18+ club that would do "teen night" on tuesdays and it would be 14-18. It was lame, $5 cover was wasted that night
This article is written so poorly, it’s like the Cleveland Beat Writers are as mediocre as the Cav’s this year.
The fucking Cavs are horrible recently and their reporter is trying to make up some shit on Kyrie. What a shit organization.
Legend.  Fuck the Cavs.  #staywoke
Shitty false articles from a shitty organization located in a shitty city. 
I wonder if he used the surgery to kill any trades to bad teams?
We shouldn't just call this FAKE NEWS. It's probably true, and I don't blame Kyrie at all after playing out the previous season while wanting out of there.

This feels like a desperate leak by the Cavs FO to try and save face about the trade and how horrible it's looking for Cleveland. Shame on them for airing this dirty laundry though. I bet a lot of GMs are sitting on some less-than-desirable information on dozens of current players. 
How did you measure single game performance?
Hard to say. If tatum, brown etc pans out, will we have the money to even pay all these guys? 
All you do is hate on Jaylen.  You throw tantrums when Jaylen is in the game and doing well and Jayson isn't.  It's pathetic.
This team is so weird sometimes
There's no way he's had 1 game attempting 24 threes, let alone 7 of them.
Kyrie is always trying to get teammates involved. That's not the problem. The problem is our guys missing open shots. Our team shooting is horrible.
My biggest take away from this is how awful I feel for IT. He just go traded into this biggest shitshow and has to deal with his hip injury all year. 
I don't think there is anyway we would be 4th or 5th. Without IT we would be one of the worst offensive teams in the league. 
I've watched [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcXv0JtzNQA) an unhealthy amount of times.
I just want him to learn how to carry the ball. I am cringing every time he is dribbling into traffic. Usually ends badly. 
We are 17-1 when he makes at least 3 in the game.
Whenever I get frustrated I just remember he's only 21. It's not like guys like Morris or Horford where their flaws will probably never change.
Yeah. Everyone knows they just wait until after the game and read the post game thread 
Here I am at 8:30 AM Boston time thinking no way Timmy already has highlights up from a west coast game.

I’ll never doubt you again.
In spite of his terrible handle, Jaylen is always trying what he can't do.  
That forces him to turn the ball over many times.  

 People on here need to realize that Jaylen was extremely raw coming out of college. He need to work on his handles and his FTs. The fact that he can get to the line is encouraging.
No offense but these type of post are complete garbage and nothing but reactionary. 

> I hate to pick on the guy after a couple of bad games, but his issues have definitely been noticeable for a while.

You don't really mean that because this is what you went out and meant to do. 21, 16, 12, 17, and 9 over his last 5 previous games, not including last night. Over all 14 points a game  and a +32

> The most glaring weakness in his game is his BBIQ and playmaking ability

2.8 assist over his last previous 5 games, again not including last night

> His Ast/TO Ratio is shockingly bad for a wing in a movement-heavy system

More overreacting. He's a second year player, it's not that surprising or shocking.  For an example. Brandon Ingram TO rate 1.9 compared to Jaylens 2.0. Murry 2.0, Levert 2.4,  Dunn 3.0, Simmons 4.0, Embiid 4.1,


 > He also has to have one of the worst handles for a G/F in the NBA.

Again another false statement and overreaction


Except Jaylen isn't as terrible with his handle as Smart is with his jumper
Why do I feel like you yell at babies who fall over while they're learning to walk

And it's not just you

This entire sub's treatment of rookies makes me feel like that.

Like I can just picture a baby learning to walk and falling over and you people yelling at it "FUCK YOU YOU YUPPY LARVAE SCUM!!!!  YOU NEED TO GROW BY INCREASING THE BURDEN OF RESPONSIBILITY ON YOUR SHOULDERS!!!"
Kyrie is a serious MVP candidate and you can suck eggs if you think otherwise
inb4 people try to use this game as evidence that Horford shouldn't be an all-star
Larkin is mini me to Nader' dr evil
Shane Larkin was snubbed from the All Star Game
Facts. Fuck /r/nba
Seriously dude, I miss your post!


Edit: Oh, it is an updated version! 💯💯💯
Also, I always love the minute changes made each game and I wasn't disappointed today.
Seemed like we were all in LA for the game
[always know your fucking memes](http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/john-is-kill?full=1)
I don’t know why I feel it’s necessary to make this comment but I fucking hate raptors fans
I hate Toronto sports fans in general. They're kinda like a mix between Philly fans and Miami. Obnoxious, ignorant and fair-weather. 
Doubtful.
I hate that Merloni and WEEI still use the “Average Al” shtick it’s so boring 
It gets him the attention he so desperately needs. It's why Felger and Mazz are pretty much hated by all of Boston for their inflammatory and ignorant comments, yet they're the #1 sports radio show 
No more one handed attempts 
Let's not be awful tonight 
nader & morris: fuck r/bostonceltics

Unpopular opinion but I think it would be pretty sick if we didn’t lose five in a row 
Morris was reading this game thread on the bench
Morris: “Fuck /r/bostonceltics”
Is Jaylen drunk?
This game should be a fucking blowout 
I hate that fat fuck windhorst so much
Baynes seems allergic to layups or something lately
Wtf, that was the highest arc I've seen Jayson shoot 
I've been sitting here in my underwear zoning out to this halftime show without even comprehending what is going on. This game feels really long already.
I get unreasonably annoyed when guys don't attempt a heave at the end of quarters 
Can these refs FUCK OFF
So if this dude falls and dies how long is the game delayed
Fuck this officiating is shite
The sub no longer hates mook but instead Jaylen Brown stop with all the negative shit 
I got called an idiot on /r/nba because I said I didnt want Tatum traded. 

Fuck that garbage sub.
I find it impossible that Baynes, Semi, and Jaylen can't box out DJ
Man, I'm trying hard not to hate Semi
#TATUM LOOKING FRESH AS FUCK. SORRY THAT /R/BOSTONCELTICS HATES YOU NOW#
*Scary intensifies*
T-Ro is aggressive as fuck tonight!  Hell yeah.
fuck these blind ass refs
The fucking Clippers have been at the line for 5 fucking minutes.
I don’t like to whine about refs but let’s get this game moving for Christ sake 
Gotta admit. That was fucking sick. 
I have to stop watching the game because of the 1 sided officiating AGAIN! Jesus fucking Christ, I can't understand why good D is punished like this every god damn game. 
that was a filthy oop
what do the Refs association have against the Celtics... seriously.... 
The rumors of Jayson Tatum being a bum were false

who knew
Baynes gets SOOOO fucked by the refs every fucking night. 
FUCK

THE

REFS
#Fuck outta here
I thought that fucking bird was about to shoot the cheerleader in the head.
I hate west coast trips.  I wind up eatring 5000 calories worth of china food at 1 am
MORRIS SUCKS MORRIS SUCKS oh wait
This game is so ugly
What was that weak ass call?
9,000% HERE FOR ANGRY BRAD
ANGRY BRAD STEVENS ABOUT TO PUT ON A JERSEY TO SCHOOL THESE REFEREES.
3 fucked up calls in a row, and a tech... when Brad Stevens gets mad, you know the officials are literally making shit up as they go.  Embarrassing.
I WANTED THAT SHOT SO BAD!!!
This is not appropriate for Darude
Cmon Jaylen :(
Fuck. These. Refs.
dam Semi has some SICK lateral quickness. no wonder he defends well 
this game should have started at 9:00pm
Scary Terry 
Scary Terry getting tips from Uncle Drew. The dankest timeline 😍
I hate Pighorst
Thankfully, the refs hate Doc.
OMFG hes so bad at offense, worse than Nader tbh. Otherwise he wud get minutes
DeAndre Jordon + 10:30 p.m. EST game = NO SLEEP
Horrible decision by Semi. Doubling that high up? Leaves the rim open...
I'm never gonna hate on Nader after that Houston game 
god damn that rozier boy is fast as fuck!!!
These refs are weird. It seems like they’re reacting to the result of the play after a foul to decide whether or not it’s a foul. 
Baynes always get called for such little contact fouls wtf
Fucking flop ass Griffin...
Wtf is that call
Oh my fucking god is this a joke?
who is the ref calling all these bad calls?
Stevens out here getting technicals, fuck it
Get angry daddy
#THE GAME IS ALREADY GONNA END AROUND 1 STOP WITH THE FUCKING FOULS
#Dam that was insane
Morris is fucking insane
kyire is a bad bad man
That Kyrie 3 was insane
I hate late games with early work the next game...
You can't just call a foul because Williams starts bitching, what the fuck!
Goal tending wtf man NBA
Thank god Lou is cold.
FUCKING REFS 
Does that mean we not keeping Eddie since he’s not even playing at garage time? 
Baynes finishing is so bad.
I literally have never seen a 7 footer that is worse at finishing than Aron Baynes. 
Now we're giving up offensive boards to literally no one. How fucking bad can it get?
Am I the only one who likes Morris? I don't know if I've seen a productive player get so much shit around here before. He's not perfect but our bench would be even worse without him there
Who's on Lou? Scary Terry?
Damn, Morris, that was casual and sloppy as fuck.
Man, what a weak closeout.
#That stretch of basketball didn’t look half bad
Poor Clipps. They will never not be the discount Lakers
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME??
Why are we doubling randomly?
Bad layup to give up with no time left, but overall there are encouraging signs.
here comes the scary second quarter... 
Take the fucking shot I’m just over Tatum’s fucking passiveness. I know how this is going to go.
Rozier has been so off lately
Holy shit Semi.

Is he drunk? 
I will not abide further Tito hate. 
tito two-steps with a slick couple of baskets 
Man...  This team with Hayward is gonna be fucking sick.
That Clipps crowd goes above and beyond "terrible"
WTF is this
The refs from last night kept the unis but put on Mission Impossible masks
wtf refs? 
can we get one game refs dont fuck the C's with bs calls
These mother fucking refs.
T on Brad is a bad sign for the reffing
WTF IS THIS SHIT!!!!!!!!!1
This game is slow as fuck
Oh Brad don’t get Mad. We still got the second half. 
The saying goes, if you piss off Brad Stevens you made the wrong call.
Look brad yells and then we get a call crazy.
Deandre Jordan is a scary man
This game is gonna end at 2am 
This song should only be for 2001: A Space Odyssey :(
That was lame AF
Let's hope the refs stop fucking us in the second half
I am not very fond of the officials of this basketball game. 
I hate watching the C's on ESPN. Seems like they actively root against us.
Time to blow another game after getting fucked by the refs 
Bullshit fucking side out.
What the fuck is with all of these late calls?
If i was Brad and my team was getting raw dogged by the refs like this, there is no way i'd still be on the sideline. 
Freakin love Scary Terry!!! 
#HOW IS THAT A FOUL THAT WAS SUCH A BAD CALL 
Semi knocking down a 3? GAME OVER.
Theis rolls hard to the rim!
How was there no foul on Jaylen wtf
This game is playing out like "i" by Kendrick Lamar
Wonder why scary Terry isn't on williams
Im sorry Semi for ever doubting u
Theis gets wicked amped when he plays well, he wanted Tatum to pass for another trey so bad
crowd: get the fuck outta here!
Boi lmfaooo heard a get the fuck outta here 
Fuck outta here
Have we gotten seriously blown out of a game this season? Watched almost every game and can’t recall one
Debating between going to bed or watch the rest of the game cause I gotta be up at 6:30

13 pts in 4:39 ahhhh
YES NO MORE LOSING STREAK!!!
Semi looked fucking lost 
Semi shouldn't be playing, I'm sorry 
What are the chances Doc, Stevens and refs all get into an Anchorman style battle by the end of the game 
I like how this game isn't even over yet and we out here celebrating. I'm taking my hype down a notch for another few minutes. 
God I irrationally hate Marcus Morris in this team
Cant wait until Morris comes off the bench getting on the hate train early
NBA refs are fucking disgraceful 
These refs are fucked
This is so hard to watch. Jaylen playing like a rookie, and we are getting bodied on the rebounds.
Is it weird our offense started clicking without horford 
There seemes to be alot of passion missing from the game thread tonight
Fuck baynes
#Hot take:
Tatum is a bad shooter he missed one shot what a dinkus
If we lose a 4th game in a row,to the clippers nonetheless I will rip my hair out
I hate that crap; he only called the foul because the guy missed, either it's a foul or it isn't, don't wait to see if the ball goes in the hoop.
Questionable call there...
God the Condor can be real creepy
Boy that airball was dirty.
Can we take a shot that isn't a pull-up 18 footer? The ball isn't moving at all. One dribble hand-off and a difficult shot every single time.
Nader for semi fucking end me
Poor Larkin 
This is such an ugly game
Nader > Semi this game 
Terry is crazy athletic. 
We need this scary Terry every game.
fuck yea mook
Terrible call
Why has Jaylen only shot 3 times wtf
What in the world is happening !!?!?! Fuck these refs man.
I mean these foul calls are ridiculous at this point 
This foul discrepancy happens almost every single game this year. What the FUCK is going on?
Ugh brad can we not with the hacking. This is literally disgusting to watch
DeAndre is a fucking freak of nature athlete, holy shit
Are they going to foul out all our centers? I’m afraid we will forfeit this game with not enough bodies second half
mans game!
SLOPPY

L

O

P

P

Y
I'm not sure that is a dance.
Jaylen been bricking a lot lately, needs to get that pump fake drive going. 
Annoyed by these turnovers 
How is that non-shooting what the fuck.
And another horrific side out
How the fuck was that a side out?!
OH FUCK THAT PASS!
These refs are fucking bad
COME THE FUCK ON WITH THESE BAIL OUT CALLS!!!!!
These fucking refs
Another horrific call? I'm shocked. 
Fucking cheats, the lot of them.
So bad clearly all ball
Seriously fuck this shit. They're just fouling our bigs out of the game. 
Ball movement, aggressiveness & getting to the rim. This is what we need every game.
killing it on the boards lately
Some weak ass calls to keep this game somewhat close.
Clipps so desperate they are dropping money from the ceiling
Holy fuck what a hideous mascot.
Semi making up for the terrible first half 
How the fuck was terry not fouled.
Semi making me eat crow for a game, I like it
anyone feel its kinda weird that they got fans sitting next to the players?
Montrelz Harrell: “man y’all fucking refs suck” 😂
The fuck outta here!!!
Go fuck a kia, Blake Griffen 
Missed this game, any Tatum highlights.?
1 game home stand
Man Kyrie has been showing off his passing this game
Smart not playing tonight? :(

I feel he needs to play tonight. Sitting him out would only make him feel even worse.
jesus fuck semi
Semi has been playing some of the worst ball I've seen in a while...
They're only in this game because of FT's, this is fucking atrocious
Seen alot of bad reffin in my day, but this year has been especially bad.
Did Jayson change his form on 3s? Wtf
Brown is so out of control holy shit. His handle is so so bad. 

EDIT: Tell me where I'm wrong 

Jaylen still has such bad ball handling skills.  I don't get it
Semi is so useless 
Terry has regressed so hard. 
Jesus fuck the refs
What the fuck are these refs lately
This is a really hard game to watch there is no flow and both teams are playing ugly
Which All Star has had bad ball handling skills as Jaylen is at their age?
jesus christ ojeleye is one of the worst offensive players I've ever seen
Morris never passes the ball he's so damn selfish.
wow, is this stone hand's worst game as a starter? Dude cannot hold onto the ball nor shoot
Seriously, I always get confused with the two.
Thank fucking god
But he had so much passion:(
That’s bullshit. So people can’t criticize the team’s play now without getting banned? Fucking weak shit 
He looked tired af after that play ahaha, "fuck I should've stayed in Europe with those slow white guys"
The game starts at 3:30am here and i have class @ 9
That's the type of shit that got Anakin his fucking limbs chopped off.
It must be weird to be a team that sustains itself on opponent fans coming to the game when they're in LA
Damnit. Now I need to go take a 5 minute break from this game
Fax. Hes the bench scorer we need plus a defensive stud. If he just stops those sloppy turnovers...
I don't know what a person like you could mean by that. 
A losing streak unfortunately makes that happen
I mean, I have, but not as a rookie.
I mean 10 or so of those were intentional...
Serious tho. LA walker ranger out there
Same fuck the refs this year. I can't even call conspiracy they just seem awful for both teams most games this year (not even just our games I mean like all games).
He real mad today. I blame marcus
Think it might be a cold
well they typically look awful with smart too.
Since when does he get benched dude plays crazy min
We still in LA :/
We're doing hack a Jordan but it's still pretty awful
Fuck Kyle 
If this game was on TNT, Shaq and Chuck would have just roasted him for at least 10 minutes
He's way too bad a shooter to play the four on any team with championship hopes.
I hope so.. I just hope at least one them catches fire again. It's been a tough stretch as of lately.
The hate from the sub fuels him.
fucking rooked again
I'm not sure he's living with the kid 
Because we're horrific on offense. 
Because these refs are complete fucking jokes
Everything is exaggerated here
The Bulls game where they went on like a 25-2 run was the really bad one. Can't think of any others.
Yeah, really weird shooting tonight 
This is correct

Not a fan of him shooting 15fga and game winners
What is this based on? Seems you have no logic behind this. Could be due to Horford being on the sidelines. Hell, Hayward isn't getting any shots tonight either!
Late night
3IT is an asshole who makes the game threads negative and unenjoyable for actual fans.
Would have to be a TE, but even then probably too slow
If you are an anti-establishment type or meet the wrong Laker fans then you become a clipper fan
Reminds me of the Cavs game a few weeks back.
we scored 62 points because we didn't have idiots chucking up bad shots.  
Sadly
People are just tired of every shitting on Jaylen 
Only does it when he’s having a bad night it’s a maturity thing
Small hands I believe 
fuck off
Arguably worse than Nader
Being a negative pos 
Fuck this team tbh /s
You can lurk all you want, but you just give your fan base a bad rep when you comment idiocy like this 
clippers shooters out there rn are really bad.  id rather give them space and go under picks than let up the drive
I'm not even talking about Marcus' shot, I was so disappointed in how we played as a team.
Imagine if Kyrie chose the Aussie NT too. Simmons, Kyrie, Baynes, Mills, Delly. Not too bad of a team. Probs forgot someone as well. 
There's been at least 2 blatant no calls in the paint already.. 
I think in a few years Tatum will be a 9+ rebounds per game type of guy, but we're gonna need to bridge that gap.
Broken faces for everyone this year, I guess.
I know it’s stupid half the time I see them both just standing in the corner 
 Did i say they were awful? No. Just an area he needs to improve on. 
:(
Banned because he was too negative 
No more shitty commentators? 
second worst offense in the league when ky sits
:( just sharing my frustration with Mook's shooting.
(Kyrie misses 1 shot)
"I can't believe how bad we lost the trade with Cleveland. Should have just been Zizic 1 for 1 with Kyrie!"
He was not. He was banned for creating and knowingly abeiting drama. He failed to cooperate with us in this respect.
If you blow me ill eat your ass. 
Mods just got tired of his shit 
makes sense if the ball handler is someone like lou williams, who has been on a tear lately.
Nothing but. Can watch the game on the glorious hotel TVs though. 
Think they just got tired of him 
Oh no, he's been upvoted a few times. He's just so unbridled and fails to take responsibility for his role in the chaos of these threads.
That's so shitty that she would post all this stuff, what the fuck is wrong with people.
This is why you don't fuck thots.
Too late. He birthed Michael Jordan Brown
> We aren't getting the Laker pick.

Still to early to make this call. They will soon be selling of multiple pieces. They could slip into that 5th worst record spot.
Suicide is bad ass. 
Hopefully he doesn't tbh poor dude is always getting hit in the head
What do you mean catch a break, hes played like every game. 
... you posted this comment either after the game had ended or very late in the game.
Ew this is condescending as fuck
Celtics casually going to have Gordon be the 6 man come playoffs
This guy is our fucking terminator. 
Sixer fan here. Even though I'm coming from 'enemy territory', the entire NBA was shocked by what happened on Opening Night.  Hoping that he recovers and plays well.
Umm, Atlanta will still be trash, one rookie isn't going to change that.  Brooklyn, Orlando, and Chicago will all still be terrible as well.  
Markedly worse than both 
It's going to look insane when that Nets pick is 12th and IT resigns here in the offseason as our sixth man.
I hadn't considered that, we can be pretty bad in that regard sometimes. Well said dude 
I'm not gonna stop being insufferable til people stop shitting on Boston sports team for no good reason
This is a relatively random list
Effort is a problem.  I hate to see other teams tap out their offensive rebounds and Celtics almost never do that to get 2nd chance possessions.
This. It’s the price you pay for going small.

Lineup with Rozier, Brown, Semi, Theis, Baynes will not have trouble with rebounds 
What has Bradley done to prove me wrong?

The Pistons give up 6.8 fewer points per 100 possessions with Bradley off the court. 
I could not believe what I saw yesterday. He literally went out of the game for one fucking minute in the 4th quarter when we were up 6, and 2 bad offensive possessions later, LA had retaken the lead. Absolutely insane. Our bench is so awful. 
I also noticed 2 plays in the 4th where kyrie got fouled (and even complained to the refs about it) and they didn’t call anything. It never should’ve come down to Smart taking that awful shot. The game was ours
I bet we keep Marcus, thankfully around 6-8m/year with how damn bad he's been on offense. 
You might be confusing me with someone else.  I'm typically pretty optimistic in the game threads.  I can't recall saying any player is awful.
It’s possible AF and sorry if that’s the case
O there was. I bet on the money line which I never do and they fucking lost.
Link for post game interviews?
Not impressed by Marcus Morris 
As far as the pick goes, what do you guys think LA will be trying to do towards the end of the season? The playoffs are out of the question for them, but let’s say they have the 5th worst record in the league with 15 games left? Do they try to get to 10th worst to increase the likelihood of a high but not 2-5 pick? Do they tank to increase the likelihood that it’s the #1 pick? Seems like an undesirable position they’re in. All the chatter about the pick not conveying just made me wonder what the Lakers can and will do to protect it. And for fucks sake! C’s up! We need a piece(s) but I god damn love this time and want to see them play their best! As a tormented Southern Californian, who’s had every single person on earth try to shove the fucking Lakers down my throat, I’m mad as hell about last night. Gonna be a long fucking shift tonight...bring the hate! Y’all have to pretend Lavar Ball isn’t the worst thing in the NBA, no better than closeted Twitler supporters in my book! Hope we STOMP the Clippers.
I can't get over Marcus taking that shot. It was so fucking stupid. 
It was still dumb. Basketball 101- the ball moves up the floor faster via pass than dribble. Pass the ball up to Rozier and let him try to get in the paint and maybe he can find someone open. Smart slowly dribbling up court with tunnel vision on the hoop is idiotic. 

Not blaming the loss on that play by any means, but it was still stupid. 
I think his finger injury has also played a part in it. I don’t remember the stats but he’s been playing significantly worse since the injury.
Someone needs to tell him and brown to move without the fucking ball. They camp out at the corners moving only when they have to give a screen. It's fucking pathetic.
Oh my goodness, this guy is brutally bad. With the ball in his hands, he looks like an NBA role player, but he is hot garbage off the ball. Literally just lost and disinterested. He also is terrible on defense.

There are physical attributes that intrigue me, but I genuinely think he is really bad. If you have actually watched Kings games this year (I like to torture myself by watching bad teams) you would know how poorly he has played. Hard Pass. 
Skal is a poor man's Scal
Once it's converted, we'd have to wait 3 months to trade him, which would take us past the trade deadline, no?
He dislocated his finger 15 games ago. 

His shooting has been awful since the last 15 games. 
Hate when people say this about every player
Dislocated finger, weird schedule, new father. Don't think it's the rookie wall, just an unfortunate combination of factors
His body language has been disappointing
maybe frustration. Could also be tired and stress from just having a kid. Not sure 
Tell me why you hate cowherd?
I would learn to spellcheck before going on a tirade about stupidity. 
"it's unrealistic to think that we won't have struggles somewhere along the road." -Danny Ainge talking about a team built around Hayward and Kyrie

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tapd9r4s6Jw
You think Al is down with a a couple development yrs?   Or what about KY if that development comes a little slow?
I actually watch the game and realize Al wasn't the reason we lost. He played really well. Baynes sucked out there Jayson was bad Jaylen was bad in the second half.  
I think they both realized the goals changed when Gordon ankle was backwards. It's not that hard to understand. 
Hahaha.   You think I posted this at this hour and I didn't watch the game?   Don't be an idiot.    Of course Al wasn't the reason we lost....he also wasn't the reason we won.   
So you can't make your point w/out insinuating stupidity?   Real classy.   
Don't be such a jackass....youre definitely stupid if you think I'm sensitive 
Sounds like it shouldn't be hard to come up with one
There is no better situation for Kyrie, which I explained. 
4fucking loss streak with our rookies playing like shit and refs fucking us
Terrible officiating, terrible rebounding, and way too many possessions feel like Kyrie vs the world 
I don't even know what to say about this game. Jaylen has been really disappointing lately..
What do you guys think the odds are we miss out on the pick because of this game? 
If Marcus hit that we'd all be hard as a rock but he didn't so everyone's shitting on him, hate the decision but not the player. Live by Marcus, die by Marcus 

On to the next one
Worst loss of the season. 
We lost to a team that starts Tyler Ennis WHAT THE FUCK
How does Kyrie not at least get the ball in the last couple of possessions... I mean Terry is scary but Kyrie HAS to at least touch it
FUCK THE LAKERS...FUCK THE LAKERS
Cruel and unusual punishment watching a Marcus Smart game winner attempt 
Down by 1 and goes for 3. 

Get in the fucking paint. It's a scramble situation.
Terrible game but what the hell was that shot Marcus? Terry was wide open but you wanna go behind your back and take a fucking fadeaway ? Come on 
FUCKING KILL ME I THINK THIS TEAM IS MAKING ME BIPOLAR
Stupid fucking selfish play by Smart at the end. Pass the ball dude. 
Fuck.
Yo, I got an idea for all the fake ass, bandwagon-type fans...go join the fucking warriors sub.
Horford has no fight in him. Won’t get dirty to get a tough rebound and just lets aggressive guys bully him to the rim. 
Where THE FUCK was Kyrie on that play
These game threads tho......
k m s

Shouts out Kyrie and Horford, onto this Clipper game.
Jesus Christ. Pathetic. Trade everyone 
Our longest losing streak last year was 3. :( KILL ME
Jaylen missed dunk, Tatum missed Layup.  Offensive foul call on Al getting wacked in the face after dude travels.  Laughable Free-throw disparity.  Fuck the Lakers.
Awful we could say goodbye to that Lakers pick
Seriously why doesn't Rozier or fucking Kyrie Irving have the last shot? Kyrie didnt even look at the basket when Marcus shot it, he knew what was going to happen
We shot 10 FT to their 36!?!?. Fuck outta here refs. 
fuck the lakers
I cannot wait until Marcus Smart is off the team. I am so tired of his hero ball end of quarter antics. I am tired of his mediocre play. Im tired of him taking shots away from Tatum and Brown. Im tired of Brad playing him HUGE minutes every game. Im tired of him thinking hes a star when hes just a role player. Im tired of his shooting, his turnovers, his flopping. 

I want him off the team ASAP.
What a fucking dumbass.
BLOW IT THE FUCK UP, DANNY!
Yeah it was a bad throw by Marcus but i think overall he had a good game, tatum, brown, horford baynes had a really bad game. Offensive rebounds was why we lost
I'm going to be in a bad mood all of tomorrow because of this L and lack of sleep
I'm such a defender of his but fuck man. YOU ARE A 29% CAREER 3 POINT SHOOTER. PASS THE FUCKING BALL.
22 points and 8 assists in a game against a team that they should have blown out and him missing a wide open three makes you hate him? How about Tatum and Brown absolutely sucking ass the entire game? Do you hate them for that?
Worst display of hero ball I’ve seen from a Celtic player in... I can’t remember. 

Magnified by it being taken by a poor shooter. 
He needs to just accept that he's a horrific shooter. He's killing this team with his irrational confidence in his terrible shot. 
idk man, I felt so sad when he missed it... 
I hate him almost constantly. There's guys out there who can provide whatever positives he provides with a fraction of the inconsistency and aggravation.
He’s so freaking polished it’s scary
this can't be just another on to the next one L. horford was talking about how they "were gonna fight for their lives" this game after dropping 3 in a row and instead they choke against a bottom feeder while horford disappeared this game and got destroyed by randle. i seriously hope the DPE gets used ASAP
Yep, and it felt fucking horrible knowing there was nothing that could be done.
Unfortunately yeap
A few of the baynes fouls were ridiculous 
Just because he drops 22 doesn't mean he didn't make the biggest mistake of the night as well. 
We play down to our competition and I hate it. 
The London trip seems to have made us worse
47 from the line? That a typo? Holy fuck!
Yeah ... the last shot was like the 100th worst thing the Celtics did in that game. Everyone just naturally focuses on it.
This is nothing new. Horford is just a soft power forward. He’s afraid to get dirty for a tough rebound which hurts us during crunch time when opposing players are making that extra effort. This happens almost every time during a tight game towards the end. 
Shut the fuck up
Al's defense was terrible. Kryrie Rozier and Smart(besides his huge mistake) played well. Al got bodied so bad by a smaller Randle. Then Kuzma abused him as well. Al is in his 30's and that's normally not good for a big in the NBA.
At least we don’t play bum teams in the playoffs. So, hopefully we play to the level of our competition. 
because he's pathetic when his confidence is crushed (happened on that missed alley oop)
Literally fucking when
Sad but Cowherd predicted they would be our downfall these playoffs.   They'll fade on the biggest stage to playoff LeBron guaranteed.
When you shoot 44 tres you're not getting to the line much in a game just saying.
I’m tired of that clunky two man game he runs with Al Horford. 
everything u said was wrong.. is this some joke where u make opposite statements?
Sadism is unhealthy brooooo
It's hard here, man. The game started @ 11:30 am and my day is basically ruined.
I agree the Celtics have some serious flaws that have been overlooked. But this is the Celtics subreddit is this not the place for homers? 
I honestly hate that Hayward is shooting in the gym. Not like we as fans can change anything, but now instead "when we get rest" it's "when he gets back"
Or if you want to go for it fucking go for it and keep driving! Why a stutter behind the back pull up!!!
"but but but he shot well before the half"

Because that literally erases the fact that hes a horrible shooter, god marcus smart apologist in this sub are fucking dreadful
Not a chance anyone’s getting a foul call on a coast to coast no times out drive as time expires. Especially not with that fucking crew.
dumb chuck
I think that's a little crazy.
He said in a pot game interview he wanted to drive but got cut off
Yea you obviously need to read the defense.  Pass that off to Terry he was halfway up the court.  It was a poor decision regardless of his intent.  His intent was wrong.
dude, wat,  That shit was 100% hero ball.  He sucks on offense but loves forcing shots.  Inexplicable.
At least we try on D.
Is he your family? Because you suck him off even when he makes a boneheaded play... it’s honestly funny at this point

You can like a guy without saying everything he does is gold. He made an awful play, just accept it
Avery's foot was behind the line.

Butler was not fouled.
Nah Jae was a dick even when he was here. Also, I don’t care what cabs team we beat in the ECF. Prefer one that is imploding tbh cavs fans are the worst
Literally thought the same thing after I saw that clip... Crowder getting alot of hate rn on r/NBA and rightfully so.
Never liked the guy and never will.
Wtf? That’s your teammate out there. Smh 
Because Kelly is awkward as fuck on the court and doesn't have a history of being dirty. I really believe he was being physical and never meant to fuck his arm up.
Michael Jordan invests in the private prison industry. When asked about inner city youths killing over his shoes, he stated that he doesn't make shoes for the inner city youth. He has a bad history with gambling and his family relations. So do not diminish his shittiness as a person to upsetting Chamillionaire and being mean (literally punching him in the face) to Steve Kerr

edit: Username checks out
He's suppose to be a defensive specialist...damn is the G-League that bad rn?
Nah he just balled out, I was at the game. 
“Fuck the lakers” - Jaylen Brown 
I still have a grudge against the TNT interview box for minimizing Jaylen's vicious, one handed dunk on Gortat in G7
shouldn't that shot not count? blatant lane violation
Bruh it’s late af and I got work tomorrow. All I wanna do is boogie. Let’s get it
these announcers are just all awful
Leave Baynes alone sinus infections literally make you worse at all aspects of life. 
Tatum needs to get out of his funk ASAP, we need him badly.
This officiating fucking sucks
Taytum missing the dunk, Jaylen missing the dunk and not getting the board. Sums up this game.
foul and lane violation... cmon refs, wtf.
This reffing is so fucking bad
I'm so sick of shots rimming out.
I hate so many fucking users here. Blatant trolls man.
Morris is such a weird player.
Cmon Celtics I am not staying up late to see you lose to the Fakers! 
Holy fuck these refs are a joke.
"I'm a fan of basketball"

me too, so show the fucking game
if we lose this game ima be fuckin heated.  
Marcus Morris is my dad. Fuck the haters.
ppl hate on Jaylen, and then Jayson goes and does this shit
Our fan base is overreacting right now and I am 100 percent okay with it. What a terrible game.
WHy wudnt u fucking foul INGRAM?!?!?!?!
Terry was fouled it's a fucking joke 
I wish I had NBC Boston man this sucks
Shut up about the fucking Lakers
I swear it's a damn roller coaster with Morris on this sub. When he misses a shot he's the worst player in the world, and when he scores everyone just loves him.
I WANT TATUM VS KUZMA BUT TATUM DOESN'T EVEN GET TO TOUCH THE FUCKING BALL 
I don’t know why I fucking hate kuzma he has a punchable face
Fuck off I didn’t stay up this late for this shit
Embarrassing. God I hate the Lakers. 
HORFORD ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME 
HOW THE FUCK DO YOU NOT SEE THAT PUSH
tatum cant even hold the fucking ball
Outrebounded 51-41 FUCK THIS SHIT
Why the FUCK DO WE NOT FOUL INGRAM!!!!?!!!
Terrible officiating
How is that not a lane violation?  re shoot the fucking ball
JUST DROPPED BY TO SAY FUCK THE LAKERS
THE LAKERS ONLY INHERITED THE MINNEAPOLIS CHAMPIONSHIPS IN THE 90'S BUT THEY MOVED TO LA IN THE 60's....WHY START RANDOMLY COUNTING IN THE 90's? TO TRY TO CATCH UP TO BOSTON! 
Don’t crap on my heart. I took you guys -5.5 against these dickmouth lakers. Can’t see Boston losing 4 in a row...
Based on Theis’ attempts at swatting shots at the rim I’m not sure they had the goaltending rule in Germany 
Yo I don't care if they're talking to a legend -- FUCK these 5 minute long in-game interviews. 
Really not liking the TNT commentation. Their not even talking about the game! It's really annoying.
This Lakers crowd is pathetic. 
Horford is unbelievable 
They're not even doing any game commentary...
A technical for THAT? I forgot how lame Basketball officiating is these days.
Weak ass tech 
Assholes had to remind us about the Orlando game
Make Terry scary again 
God I hate TNT commentators
We are broken
Where's the guy saying Kyrie is losing us the game?
WE ARE PLAYING THREE FUCKING GUARDS NO WONDER WE CANT REBOUND 
Tatum has looked bad tonight
pathetic effort on the boards
Fuck me... we lost to the lakers 
FUCK THIS EFFORT
Holy fuck these refs are a joke
Ingram fucking hooked him wtf
WHAT THE FUCK MARCUS.
WHY THE FUCK DO WE TAKE THAT 3 OH MY FUCKING GOD
Smart knows that was a horrible decision and it was that was so fucking stupid holy fucking shit what’s wrong with our team 
god these "players only" things are cringy. a bunch of poorly used idioms and sayings. i'd rather listen to a guy who's never touched a basketball in his life, but is well versed in the game, than listen to these guys. 

EDIT: G Hill isn't bad though, and Barry would be tolerable as a color guy
Wtf # 9?
Terry has been awful recently. 
TNT players only is terrible
these announcers fucking suck holy shit
I want kg to call at least one home game this year. Amen
That's a fucking bullshit tech man...
WTF is up with these late as fuck foul calls?
These commentators are awful
Hype videos for bad teams are kind of depressing
Brett why’d you have to bring up the Orlando game man
This team does 100x the amount of dumb shit that last year’s team did it is really hard to watch this offense
kyrie gonna need to carry this team since we can't get a fucking rebound
WHY THE FUCK CAN'T WE REBOUND
KG would had made Horford cry for that sorry ass attempt at a rebound 
what the fuck tatum
Tatum has got to quit turning the fucking ball over
Tatum has been just brutal
Lose yet another game because of a small ball lineup where we can't rebound. Brad kept Rozier in WAY too long
What a bullshit frustrating ass game. 
i feel sick
Flop into a travel, foul on Horford though. These officials have been terrible
Wtf. We got a call?!?!?!

Fuck u refs 
FUCK WE GOT A CALL

WE GOT A CHANCE?
Holy shit I fucking regret my last comment. We still have a chance in this. Let’s go
FOUL THE BAD FREETHROW SHOOTER
Oh my fucking god he left before Clarkson even bent his fucking knees
I can’t fucking believe nobody had the wherewithal to foul Ingram. The guy is a 60% foul shooter
FUCK THE LAKERS
Goddamn it give it to fucking Kyrie you motherfucker
Randle BLATANT push in the back 
God these refs are awful
Tatum has looked kinda bad since he had that kid.
Tatums worst game of the year tbh
Baynes is having a tough time sticking with Lopez
I like how on the lakers broadcast, the announcer just said that a pace like this favors the Lakers. What the fuck is he talking about?
Ugly god?
Haynes is brutal sometimes
Lakers have some UGLY ass players. 
our offense is just fucking terrible.  thank god for the defensive ability of this team
Kicking they ass shooting 37% and even with Kyrie starting cold 2-7 ad 0-4 from three.
#THIS IS LITERALLY AN OFFENSIVE TEAM WHAT DO YOU MEAN WE DONT HAVE ANY OFFENSIVE WEAPONS
While I don't think Rondo's number should be retired, it's weird seeing another 9.
Is gordon at tonight’s game?? 
Shit our bench really sucks
Crazy idea to fix our offensive cold spells - quit playing terrible offensive lineups.  

I mean, we have three guys out there who are inefficient ISO-lovers, Theis who can basically only dunk or hit open threes, and Jarrell Eddie who hasn't been in the NBA this season. 
Kyrie has different shoes on now wtf???
i swear to god if we lose this game 
The way that guy says *Laker Girrlss* makes me so uncomfortable 
Wtf is tough juice?!? Fucking lame
ugh, fucking overly-sensitive Marc Davis strikes again.
Kyrie has played a shit ton on minutes lately

Hope his plant based diet is up for it
Is that a thing how KG was wearing his hoodie last game or is his head too small for a hoodie. Was making me uncomfortable wanting to fix it 
Really hate the hesi turnaround J for Kyrie
Watching officials decide outcomes is getting really fucking played out, man.
The fuck was that Theis? 
If I hear one person complaining about Kyrie hero ball, even if he misses every single shot, I will be mad. Everyone else is sucking dick. 
Let’s just say fuck it and play Eddie (?) at the 2. No one else can score so give him a shot
Freethrows a casual 19-5 in the Lakers favor
SCARY
I've accepted the fact that I'm killing this whole pint of Ben and jerrys..I hate myself already 
Untucked Kyrie: [ON] OFF
These refs are fucking terrible 
Honestly fuck this game
Kuzma can pass holy fuck
this is fucking pathetic for the fourth game in a row
WHERE IS THE FUCKING FOUL 
These refs are so fucking rattled by the crowd 
Can Kyrie take over? Take his skinny ass to the rim, don't try and shoot over that lanky fuck when's he's got 10 inches of length on you.
These refs are a fucking joke.
Fuck these refs
These calls are insane, I don't get how they are getting foul calls every time down the floor.
HORFORD FUCKING SUCKS AT REBOUNDS!!!!!!!!!
28-8 Free throws. Didn't even realise it was that bad until i had a look at the Box Score. WTF
I want DeAndre Ayton so fucking bad and we’re not gonna get him because of these pricks.
Why is Rozier in the game? We need Browns defense and rebounding...  Or Morris even.
Brad stop with the small ball. We're dying on the rebounds
Fuck this shit. I fucking hate losing to the Lakers. 
what the fuck tatum what the actual fuck
I hate this team
Zero fucking rebounding, jfc
I feel sick right now
I can’t believe we lost this fucking game. 
Jesus fucking christ they are playing some average ass ball lately. It is so frustrating. 
Fuck is Horford OK? FUCK FUCK FUCK
THAT IS A FUCKING BACKCOURT. 
Fuck Marc Davis. 
DRIVE AND PRAY FOR A FOUL FUCK 
Tatum always does flashy shit but misses the layup 
#THAT TYPE OF SHIT WITH KYRIE IS WHY WERE LOSING WTF
Down by one Marcus heaves a fucking bad 3
Terrible end of the quarter, but whatever. 
Zero points so far this half. Fucking embarrassing 
Annoyed with Kuzma beating us while Jayson lays bricks
This is pathetic
These refs are fucking blind holy shit 
I fucking hate smart
Watch the Lakers miss the 5th draft pick by one game.
I feel like 5-10 shots rim out for us every game. 
Hide yo wife, d fish in the house. Seriously d fish a bitch. 
Weak call. 
the offense is so bad

i don't get why this happens every other game
Anyone notice Kyrie subtly flick off the crowd after he missed the buzzer beater?
Here come the refs fucking Theis again
Jesus falling for every pump fake tonight 
Wtf at this split screen bs
STOP THE FUCKING INTERVIEWS
holy shit floyd owns multiple courtside laker season tickets

thats that fuck you money 
God Julius Randle is annoying 
Our timing on rebounds is bad 
These announcers need a timeout. Derek Fisher not a great choice
These announcers are making this game sound so boring when it’s clearly not
why the fuck is baynes shooting a 3
Jesus fucking Christ 
All of Australia is fucking pissed! He don't want no towel.
This game is getting HEATED 🔥 
Al is allergic to 2s this game
This looks like an all star game. WHERE THE HELL IS OUR SETUP OFFENSE
Who else saw that one miserable looking woman in the crowd?  Let's all send her goodwill.
Daniel what the fuck was that
"Useless" 
THATS CELTICS DEFENSE

swarm the fuck out of them
This game is giving me hemroids
Holy fuck Kuzma
son of a bitch how the fuck are we down agains the fucking lakers

let's fucking go boston!!!
Dude guard this piece of crap
The Tatum whiff on the fastbreak sums this game up
Refs literally fucking us so hard 
WHAT THE FUCK JAYSON WAS FOULED
Wtf was that nance flop.
Kyrie was fouled on that 3. What the fuck
kyrie mad
Al WTF?!?
Horford driving me crazy this game
We are doing everything wrong other than having Kyrie Irving
Pathetic
grab a fucking rebound you cupcakes
Holy fuck Tatum is bad rn
GOD DAMMIT. is that ball fucking sweaty?
Fucking pathetic. What an absolute joke.
Now you send a taller player in... Why are you so obsessed with 3 guard lineups brad?

Jesus Christ this team has been a fucking mess lately. The Cavs might not come out of the East but it looks like we aren't going to either.
Fucking douchebag refs. 
Poor Al 
gonna need another scary terry miracle 
Fuck all y’all hatin on scary terry
We are so, so bad
I KNEW THAT WAS A STUPID DECISION BY SMART
Wtf is Marcus taking game winners. Shit me. 
wtf marcus
So let’s not play like crap tonight 
Dude why are we getting fucked on these shooting/not shooting calls all year? If it benefits us: "he wasn't shooting." If it's the opponent and they clearly weren't shooting: "he was in the act of shooting!"

Horrible finish to the half.
Wooowww, what a sick bench unit we have.
Terrible shot Kyrie 
That was a really bad call
I feel like we are watching the post KG celtics with this fucking pitiful rebounding performance 
HAHAHAHA FUCKING KILL ME. WHY THE FUCK IS SMART TRYING TO BE THE HERO SO FUCKING BAD? AND TAKING A 3 IN A 1-POINT DEFICIT? FUCK THIS TEAM!
I still like Marcus.  Dumb fucking play dude.  Selfish play.  But I still like you.  Learn from it.
I'm so bummed out. I bought pokemon yellow off ebay and it was a fake copy that appeared to be the same game just in a different case. Unfortunetely after I played for 4 days the game corrupted and I have to restart. My alakazam was so fuckin cool to0 :(
AL getting abused wtf
game over
this team is FUCKING PATHETIC.   Can't rebound worth shit.
tatum has been a zero this game 
stone hands. wtf? Does he have small hands? I don't get why he loses control of the ball so damn much smdh
#this game has been so fucking bad why would u ever take jaylen out regardless of how shit hes been in the last 2 min defensively and on the boards we need him rather than rozier contributing nothing
Late night crew.
Alright Tatum we need a big game!!!
these black sleeves are sick
Smells like a Jaylen Brown takeover game
Mook aint shy
thats a bad foul call


I hate those fouls where they wait to see if they miss before blowing the whistle. 
I hate the split screen.
Hate how Tatum not getting any looks
Is the Lakers crowd always that shitty? what a fucking library! 
Fuck floyd mayweather!
FFS NO ONE CARES WHO IS AT THE GAME
Tommy would be like. The fuck I want to interview him for?!?
TNT color guys are talking about everything EXCEPT the game
Can we talk about the game here TNT It’s Kyrie time for gods sake
What's the end game with Ingram's hair, is he growing that shit out real long or something? Because it looks awful right now
Can't call that one on the floor you blind bastards.
Who the fuck is the one that is carrying out those 2K like long winded diatribes in the booth?
How have we been playing? Box score looks a bit weird. 
Come the fuck on
When they said "When I hate to bring this up...", I immediately thought they'd mention Hayward. I swear.. all reporters besides Mike and Tommy mention it.
Why on earth is this game so close
wtf is though juice
These fucking refs.
One day Baynes will make a corner 3 and we'll all lose our fucking minds
Fuck these refs just twisting the knife 
Baynes has been awful lately 
get Baynes the fuck out of there he’s been so horrible
Where the fuck is the foul.
Lopez looked like he was moving in slow motion and that still went in, christ
I’m gonna fucking throw up.
The fuck we getting baynes to hit 3s for 
FUCK THE REFS & THE LAKERS 
Why is the Lakers not subbing wtf?
Despite the bad quarter, we are still tied. Just get to the 4th when we usually take off.
this game crazy damn
I don’t think I’ve ever hated anybody’s game more than fucking Julius Randle
God damn this bench is hard to watch 
This is bad
Tatum isn't just playing badly, he's playing like he's never touched a basketball before
Why are we rushing things? Set up the fucking offense. Come on!!!
Scary fucking Terry
Fucking prediction machine
Omg wtf is tough juice 
Stop fucking switching
These fucking officials
Just regroup and slow down
Fucking embarrassing 
What the fuck
That’s a brutal sequence 
Small hands Jaylen omfg
c'mon stone hands wtf?!!
Missing a dunk then Kuzma hits a 3...  I hate my life.
The crazy thing is that Kuzma was selected with our pick technically.
im so disappointed in this team.
What the fuck guys
Mother fucking bullshit.
We're gonna fucking lose to the Lakers.
I swear if we lose to lakers yalll.. this is fucking embarrassing 
Fucking step back threes man. 
wtf refs
are you fucking serious 
We are about to fucking lose. 
Tatum got fouled wtf
Fuck this game.
Down to the Lakers with 3 minutes to go. What a fucking joke.
Horford is being outplayed by Randle and Nance, I feel fucking awful 
I hope Marc Davis gets knocked the fuck out
Why do we shoot 50 threes a game when we can't make threes? 🤔🤔🤔
THIS FUCKING SUCKS TO WATCH

What the fuck even was that call?
Fuck Marc Davis
Shocking we get a foul
Not even going to blame refs...Brown, tatum and terry need to step up! kyrie trying so hard 
if we gotta flop to get the calls in this game so be it
Fuck.
Get a fucking board and box out....
horford couldn't catch a pass and didn't box out

not a good night for him
These TNT commentators are the worst

Holy shit this is ridiculous
Tatum needs the allstar break badly 
We are one of the worst teams in the league right now

No other way around it
Rebounding is just upsetting man. Poor execution.
Holy crap Al taking it for the team.
WTF FOUL ON AL??????
Randle has been doing that all game and they decide to call it now.
Wait what the fuck
SMART IS SO FUCKING STUPID

What the fuck was that marcus?!
GIVE THE BALL TO FUCKING MOTHERFUCKING KYRIE GODDAMN FUCKING IRVING WHAT ARE YOU DOING
Fuck he almost made that shit.
OH SHIT!
What the fuck??????
so bad.
I FUCKING HATE MARCUS SMART WHAT THE FUCK IS HE THINKING HOLY FUCK
reddit.com/r/nbastreams now shut the fuck up about TNT
man fuck these refs
Fuck you Marcus
We cannot fucking shoot the ball
Bro I swear this is Jaylen's biggest problem. As soon as he mistake offensively or Defensively he loses his energy and slowly starts to phase out. Tyler Ennis should not had gotten past him like that
This is embarrassing. Offense is bad, defense is bad. Can someone on the team step up and play with some fucking intensity
This reffing is fucking atrocious 
How do we get these refs to favor us in one game? 
jaylen has been useless this game

where is kyrie brad
What the FUCK was that Kyrie?
Is it hard to box out? Fucking ridiculous.
HOW IS THAT A FOUL ON HORFORD? GO FUCK YOUR SELF. 
Baynes pissing me off lately 
#SO FUCKING DONE WITH KYRIE AND HIS HERO BALL 
Tatum rookie wall it him hard
Marcus Dumb
We were up by 14 with a minute left and then took 2 terrible shots. Now they're in striking distance and that's how you lose games to bad teams.
This is embarrassing. No defense whatsoever and hero ball offense. We are not a good team. 
This is the saddest game of the season 
This team is trash. Just a pathetic effort on both ends. 
7 game losing streak incoming. 
Game over. DANNY AINGE!!!!! WE NEED A REBOUNDER!!!!!!
rozier needs to be benched.  he's useless now
Jaylen has been soooooo fucking disappointing this past month or so 
Yet another shitty Marcus pass. Take the fucking layup. 
Baynes is so fucking bad man
I'd rather see Jarrel Eddie in the game than Morris. At least Eddie knows he's bad.
I didn't mind players only watching a neutral game. Watching the Celtics it's the fucking worst.  Plus this group is worse than the one at the spurs/cavs group. 
looks like its gonna be another game where kyrie has to carry his teammates who can't score for shit
Terrible lob, Marcus
i refuse to lose 4 games against the fucking lakers of all teams.

kyrie please save us
Fuck Kuzma just annihilated us. It’s like he got possessed by Kobe.
Lakers with a max contract player will be scary
The fact that this is even a close game is embarrassing.
AL is not an all star I’m sorry
Wtf Al
THAT'S A FUCKING AND-1
These refs are terrible 
Terrible shot by Rozier. Y'all like this dude? He's a smaller Morris. 
Tatum fucking sucks
Ugh, Kyrie's shooting reverted to trash again.  Maybe he should play every other game to keep his gimp shoulder primed.
Is it bad that I want Eddie to suck and not get his contract extended so he's not wearing #9?

Edit: the downvotes tell me that yes I am wrong. 
Bad shot, and then Theis doesn't contest the 3. 
what a fucking joke.  fuck this garbage ass team
Marcus Smart pisses me the fuck off on offense

God what horrible shot selection 
Smart might be the worst offensive player in the league. Just awful 
This rebounding is pathetic. 
What happened to the Celtics? Why are we fucking ass now?
Omg Morris scoring, wtf let's get some Theis threes 
Trade everyone fuck this 
Not winning this if Kyrie doesn't start hitting some shots. 
You would think the bench could at least play defense, but we're on pace to give up about 30 this quarter.
I don't know what this team finds so difficult about playing hard for 48 minutes. 
We really can't score. Shit is terrible to watch. Like what have we even been doing on offense the past few minutes?
Seriously, I really hate Baynes.
Are we bad?
Morris needs to be cut traded or released or something I cant stand watching him play basketball. He thinks he is KD or LeBron but shoots worse than Scal.
They're not talking about the game at all. Even if they talked about the Lakers play I wouldn't mind, but they just keep talking about their own dialogues it's annoying as shit. Talk about the game we're watching for heaven sake.
our offense is amateur
Afraid to make the call cause they made one last time. A foul is a foul.
I came here to say how bad this broadcast has been. Probably the worst I've seen that I can remember. If I was a casual fan I would have turned it off by now.
It would at least make sense if there was any design to that crap at all. It’s like a high school economics ms paint project. 
People said Tatum hit the rookie wall in his last bad game.

Then he ran up 20 the next game.
This team is pathetic without Kyrie.  Of course we'd have so much balance with Gordon so can't blame Danny, but he seems to be content not making a move with the DPE.
What stream are you watching?!? TNT is awful
He may start travelling with the team in March! So there's that at least.
They didn't miss it, they intentionally ignored it for some bullshit reason. I'm not one to think games are rigged but these refs are just blind and bad.
"If you don't have anything negative to say don't say anything at all." - 3ITKH probably
Once again, the game is on NBC Sports Boston
Too bad he can’t stop the guards off switches.
+/- is literally a horrible stat kyrie has been clutch the last 5 min ill give him that but hes the reason were in this hole
Every fan base blames the refs.
Sssoooo bad
Tough when everyone on the floor is under 6'5" besides Horford
:( how they gonna do Rondo like that
They don’t get him involved enough and he’s cold af
Feels like the whole team is shooting that badly from 3 this month.
is it wrong to think he's regressing to the mean?  with jaylens touch I just don't believe he is a legitimate 40%  three shooter.
They feel sorry for that hair
Brown has been ass lately.
wow thats all it takes for you? thats kinda pathetic 
Awful
When Kyrie is on from 3, he's scorching.  When he's off, he's trash the rest of the game.
3-7 is not consistent. More shots than points is terrible.  
Players often change shoes when they go cold. 
I saw a comparison of his numbers to the last season and it was shocking how similar they were. Almost identical.  Including minutes per game. I was surprised. 
I'm sure Kyrie and Brad decided on the increased minutes. We need to end this losing streak and our offense is awful without Kyrie
They are TNT, which is somehow worse than the laker stream.
Doo doo green aint bad
I always find it so crazy that the Lakers don't have some hype dude...
It's driving me absolutely insane. Feels like we're getting mauled inside.
Shut the fuck up, bitch. You know what a computer is.

I hate that commercial.
How is it Kyrie's fault? Tatum and Brown disappearing doesn't mean anything.
He still made a dumb play 
not to take 15 shots a game.
Did they rightfully say that he sucks?
Bones is like not even listening to them and just waiting until he can talk about the game again. 
Seriously, on top of how terrible they are, they're so dull
Why change what they’ve done all game?
at least they talked about Kyrie for like 2 minutes 
If you find bad defense and bad shot selection by the Celtics entertaining. 
#STUPID ASS SMART THROWING THAT LOB REGARDLESS HE STILL SHOULD HAVE FINISHED
tbf team fucked themselves tonight
FUCKING HORRIBLE
I agree with you on this one.  absolutely useless
He’s been horrible tonight. Wish the guy could find some consistency
Randle literally ran him over what game are you watching.
i don't

he's a ball stopping ball hog every other game
this fucking sub learn the difference between a problem and a mistake
He does have small hands I think 
The past handful of games and counting. Can't wait for his bounce back game.
It's sad. These people call themselves "fans". It's a damn cess pool in here.
There is something wrong, losing to trash ass teams
> IQ of a fucking prarie dog

LMMFAO 
The fuck are you talking about? 
yep that was one of the worst all year
i hate the team tonight too man but calm down. this team's still the number 1 seed. damn bro.
He stinks on offense
Wtf is wrong with you? He’s a pro now and can’t even fucking dribble these last few games. It’s hot trash basketball 
hop off his fucking dick, Jesus Christ 
Anyone with size/strength is real tough for him.
#he has literally and im not exaggerating hasnt missed a dunk all season wtf are on about
Every game is embarrassing to you. It's a lost cause. Why keep saying the same shit?
Lakers are the worst free throw shooting team in the NBA. We have plenty of time.

Edit: annnnddd they missed one 
Eddie isn’t bad? He’s not really an NBA player so the grading scale is different
Did you watch the Pacers game? 
Fuck off its 1 game
fuck you 
Did Jaylen fuck your sister or something?
fuck off
not even the worst on our team
Shooting like 50% from three this game... where we desperately need it...
Did you even watch? People in this sub are morons.
he has 9 points on 4/9 not great but Tatum has 0 points... been off for a bit too
Jaylen has 9 points on 9 shots don't know what game you are watching. 
We get it, you hate Kyrie.
Casual women fans need a reason to watch
Is there an NBA team that you are actually a fan of?  I see you post here all the time, but you obviously hate everyone employed by the organization.
There aren’t Tatum haters you moron
We hate you. 
This is beyond stupid
Guys suffocating on the defensive end though 
it's like they're podcasting and their happens to be a game in the background.
His last game was bad as well. This is 2 in a row.
I’m in market for NBC Sports Boston :/ sorry man
It's like they're not even at the game, just random chatter
He's the worst shooter on the court steam ingram foul both = 0 points for them.
No it wasnt. 20 seconds one point game and a shitty ft shooter, foul him. 
Ingram and Randle look like fucked up dogs
Unless its a playoff game!
 Did you watch the game ?
I don't know what game you watched. 
Jackson had it last season too unfortunately
That doesn't excuse how bad he's been in transition. 
regressing to the mean after 50 games dont think so
I don’t watch the Lakers, just watching the Celtics play bad D tonight so I’ll take your word for it. 
You mean late December 
He plays 2 minutes a game less. Thats 160 minutes per season, or lets say 140-150 with the missed games. That’s still 3-4 games in minutes. Makes a difference. 
#BROWN AND TATUM CANT DO SHIT WHEN KYRIE WASTES EVERY POSSESSION SHOOTING A FUCKING THREE 
So did everyone else. And the game shouldn’t have been that close yet he made plays to bring us back. Everyone loves to excuse Kyrie’s stupid hero ball shots because of him being the reason we were in it.
This stupid comment doesn’t help anyone think you know anything about basketball 
You're an idiot. 
I mean damn, if you're making a NBA salary you'd think he could afford some Men's Hair Club shit 
its a couple months old but i agree wtf are they doing the mother has already raised a kid and hes getting help from his mother yet theyre doing dumb shit like this
The commentation I mean. 
not a good formula
ALL OF THEM ARE! This is awful
Well it's a waste of time talking about it. These guys are not bottom 5 bad.
#one day hes not gonna redeem himself and you'll fucking see what im talkin about
You watch this game?
can people just ignore this clown?  he's annoying asf
He sucks. He made shots today, but he sucks.
Just don't play either

Kyrie, Jaylen, Jayson, Al, Baynes, Morris (sadly), Theis, Smart, and hell I'll just pick Nader for the 9th guy in the rotation. At least he doesn't dribble the ball pointlessly. 
I feel like Brent is at least attempting to make some comments about the game here and there but they keep having random interviews and it’s just weird 
Watching our games this season and the pats-jags game has ruined me anyways
Yeah I am. It's bad. 
The thing I saw had it less than 1.  Could have been bad data. 
You watch any game other than this game?
People want to say his bad play coincides with the birth of his baby but he played fine when it was born, he only started playing mediocre a bit after the announcement. They have the dates, and thus the facts, wrong. 
Not sure what you mean by this. 3 point differential? You mean that he took the shot at 27 seconds left?
theres a lot of people who are afraid to criticize their team.  gotta recognize the weaknesses.
I said 3 second differential.  Set yourself up to have near impossible 2 for 1 (3 seconds) is bad basketball.
Rozier is on a 3 year cold streak
I'm just joshing. Payton represents a frightening worst case scenario and should not be dismissed.
fucking told you
I know it’s too late for that but Gerald Green > Vince Carter 
You can add these guys to that list as well:

Tarik Black

Marreese Speights 

Michael Beasley 

Tyreke Evans

Marco Belinelli

Luke Babbit

Troy Daniels 

Nikola Mirotic

Alex Len

Skal Labissiere


Julius Randle and Aaron Gordon are both in QO years and I'm not sure how their Bird Rights work out in conjunction with the DPE, but they could both be options as well.  
I mean what does Memphis have to play for rn?
I'm a little confused. He's been ballin lately, but you guys still don't want him?
I agree as a Celtics fan. Al benefits from a weak East. Drummond made him look like his baby when they played each other as well. 
Not this year im afraid :(
Hahaha you’re kidding?! I didn’t notice that. What an idiot
The worst Egyptian player in the NBA**..
...Oh wait I see what you did there ;)
I agree. Al Horford has been underrated his whole career. His transition from mid-range to 3 shows how versatile he is, as well as his assist numbers  
  
I just hate how I can't dribhle down the court with him in 2K without losing the ball every time 
People hate the truth 
I play online mostly, unfortunately
Malachi sucks, but wouldn't mind taking a flier on Skal whatsoever. Take Nader and a pick. 
Sorry Mr. Labissiere, there's only room in my heart for one Scal.
I’m in on Skal. I feel like he would give us some defensive length in the paint and rebounding. I haven’t watched him too much but he looks athletic. I have no idea why they would get rid of him. I feel like that trade is the blind leading the blind and to participate as far as getting Skal is the only person you’d want to be in the scenario. Cavs continue to acquire people with a name and have no regard for team building. Sacramento continues to act absolutely crazy.
This trade seems so dumb for Sacramento to me. 
Oof that is cruel
This is why other teams hate us
Just like the Cavs would never trade Kyrie. Dude is clearly unhappy 
No! You weren't, you were being deadly serious because I interpreted it as such!  /s (disappointed I feel the need to add it)
If you are willing to deal JB, Jaytay and the Lakers pick I think you are insane. 
Kawhi will be a poor man's Tatum in a couple years
Bro like you’re an idiot bro. 

This has nothing to do with losing a few meaningless games. 

Kawhi is freaking 26 years old, finals MVP, top-5 player in the league. He would be our future. 
CP3 on a max is not a great situation 2+ years out. 




I'm not sure it is, Jaylen could be the next Kawhi on the Spurs if they can fix his shot and develop the raw parts of his game, like his handle. 
Oh man if we got kawahi for just Jaylen and like picks and even Marcus or Terry it would be a ridiculous steal for us. Wishful thinking never hurt nobody though 😍
"Bad teams shouldn't use the stretch provision" yet here we are, with the Lakers probably planning to stretch Deng 
I'm frankly shocked that the Aldridge stuff became a national story and that the Kawhi murmurs are getting a lot of traction. That's just very un-Spurs-like, although I think Kawhi's just frustrated with his health.
I don’t know about Jalens extension on to the story, but Woj and Lowe (extremely trustworthy reporters) both stated Kawhi is unhappy. The part about actually wanting out is the questionable part from Jalen. So I don’t think it’s a complete non-story.
It was out of character for Lebron to lose that one. I still withhold judgement until the playoffs for them though. 

With the worst or 2nd worst defense they’re only 7 games out from 1st seed.
Lebron has hated us for a long time
I hate Shaka's gimmicky coaching style. I don't think the havoc style of play is doing this kid any favors. Shaka has never put out any high picks. Thought Texas was a weird place for Bamba to land from the start. 
Bamba is #3 behind Bagley and Doncic for me. Yes, I would take him over Ayton.
Fuck the Lakers man..
Worst case he's Javale McGee or Nerlens Noel. Being a shot blocker doesn't mean that he'll get minutes. Especially under Brad Stevens.
I mean, yeah. Before the weird injury, he was the consensus #1 pick and was slated to be a Durant-type superstar.
I mean he's like 40

It's not like he can bring experience we don't have. Kyrie and Baynes got rings boi
stay. fucking. woke.
The Clippers pick isn't enough to get him and getting rid of the Memphis pick for a rental that still wouldn't put us close to the warriors is a very bad idea 
I agree. Grizzlies pick is part of the ammunition we use to go after AD or Kawhi or another trade that makes the Warriors go "o fuck"
So does that mean there is  a chance? I'm not good at maths.
Our bench makes me sad 
Fuck 10:00PM starts, that's way too late for me
What happened to the post game interviews on here?
Well at least we know Kyrie is alright
Players who have been to the Finals know that you need to get your bad losses out of the way *before* the playoffs. Zenmaster Kyrie teaching valuable lessons here. 
Your point about the London game makes a lot of sense.
Both teamd were scoring in the 30s through the first 2 quarters.  The Celts were shooting themselves into a hole i  the 3rd.  Bad misses and turnovers made it worse.  12 points in 1q is iinexcusable for a contender.  We're not there yet at all.
To be fair it is a small sample size, because the Kyrie-less game was truly awful.

do you mean "prodigal son?"
I mean he said “mists” instead of “midst” too. I think OP just kinda spells what he thinks he’s hearing. 
Pathetic effort by everyone all around. Except Kyrie
Pathetic loss.
Worst loss of the season by a country mile. Maybe now they'll quit fucking around in the first three quarters.
We did not deserve to win that game.

However, a 4 point swing solely due to bad refereeing in the closing minutes of a game when the teams are within 10 is fucking terrible and unprofessional. 
:(
Mid-season woes. Absolutely horrible game, they need to fix a lot based on these last few. I have confidence they’ll get it together but the road trip makes me uncomfortable. 
:(
Played the wrong Marcus in crunch time 
If anyone is to blame it’s me. Since my Black Kyrie jersey arrived we’ve been 0-3 :(. 
That dude with the stupid hair annoyed the hell out of me!!!!  Worse, he kept making his shots. So frustrating. 
Who even took the shots off the bench? I didn't watch but I see Rozier took 9 and then Marcus took 3 and they are our biggest bench contributors usually. M
hmm didn't we say that every other time we've gone down double digits?  How about the 2 previous losses?  This team ISN'T learning from their mistakes.  or there's something wrong with the roster make up, namely we have terrible shooters trying to make shots.
Wrong conference though?
The Chicago one felt worse to me. Even the Knicks one where Beasley went off. At least we had a shot here.
I believe they have bad game almost every game. 
Hes a terrible passer also. 
Oh man how wrong you will be
Jalen is not playing with enough intensity and he's not good enough yet to get away with that approach.  At least every once in awhile he needs to be a game star
dam you take this shit way too seriously 
They were both awful
I thought the worst teams of each conference had equal lottery odds no matter the record. Is that not how it works? 
I think with 10 day contracts there is some incentive to get a guy in the game if you can. Won't play if the game is close though 
No, that'd be bad. 
Wouldn’t it just mean we’re smacking them around?
I wanted know what Kyrie’s favourite video game was...
Sometimes I just wake up in the morning and I’m like “holy shit kyrie is on the Celtics!”
Refs crying lately about how no one respects them. Then they make calls like that.
How are these poor fans at the Garden going to catch the Pats game?
Dude HOW THE FUCK CAN THEY TAKE THAT AWAY?
wtf morris passed
HE GRABBED TATUM'S FUCKING ARM. HOW IS THAT AN OFFENSIVE FOUL!?
"The Andersons got tickets to the game? How'd they get tickets?" -- on loop in hell forever
At least this helps the Lakers pick I guess
Terry is the GOAT pass rusher wtf
Put Brady in already fuck
Hahahahahah fuck that fucking call
KYRIE IS A CRAZY PERSON
Marcus Smart has been atrocious
We're getting some stops now. We cannot lose to Payton and his fucking stupid hair
HOLY SHIT, KYRIE! IN TRAFFIC!
Kyrie just walked to the rim. His handle and how close people have to stick to him is insane
#SIGNATURE SCARY PLAY
motherfucker jumped sideways into Tatum, what the fuck, ref
he jumped fucking sideways. sideways
Fuck happened to the scoreboard?
Everyone on the Celtics has the Flu... This is Why.... They are p[laying bad, Theis is very sick
Offensive interference fuck offf
That is a fucking stupid call.
Offensive interference? It's called a dunk you fucking dumbass refs.
Arguably the worst team in the league and they're shooting 60%. Mix of fluky shooting and terrible defense.
I can't remember a game this season that we played this bad on defense...
We're onto Jacksonville. I mean, Los Angeles.
Mid-season lows hitting us pretty bad. Doesn’t bode well for the road trip. 
Waste of a Kyrie 40 point game.
2 charges in one game. This guy is getting the Tommy award 
That shot by Kyrie was FILTHY
Not sure how I feel about that anthem rendition
I just realized that Jaylen and Jayson will be playing together in the Rookie-Soph (USA/International) game
SCARY BOI
Can't watch the game. How's Kyrie doing?
How the fuck was than an offensive foul? Dude locked up his arm
These refs are fucking terrible 
More horrible calls, shocking. 
Fucking 2 awful calls back to back 
The fuck is that jumping sideways bullllshit
Plainridge Park looks lame af
Kyrie stepback. Ice cold.
Oh shit, Kyrie! What a shot!
Very little passion on d 
**FUCK THESE REFS**
This is the worst I've seen Marcus (Smart) play in a long time
wtf is Marcus doing
Another game another 20 point deficit going into the 4th.
Brad's look made me sad
#JUST LET KYRIE ISO HERO BALL MODE. FUCK THIS HANDOFF SHIT IT AINT WORKING#
It might be ugly, but we can still do this.
If we played half as hard in the rest of the game as we do in the last 5 minutes, I don't think we'd ever lose a game. 
THIS OFFICIATING IS TERRIBLE 
Morris fouled his fucking hair
Aaaaaand time for the pats game 
Third loss in a row at home. Two to .500 teams and one to the worst team in basketball.
Fucking embarrassing.
Bad call, but I’ll take it
Jaylen Brown 30 pt game incoming 

*please*
Kyrie slick pass
FUCKING SCARY
i wonder if there's an over/under bet on number of empty seats as it gets closer to 3:00 among the press box workers. you know it's bad when even Gorman references "Patriots 1st quarter woes"
Fuck that call. 

And fuck I thought Tatum fouled him
fuck these refs
What fucking garbage
He jumped in too him wtf
That cunt jumped sideways fuck this
somehow they've come out even worse than they were before...
I wish Brad would draw up a game plan to have Tatum shoot 25 shots.  Cut the guy loose!
What is wrong with Horford?

wasn't Gordon supposed to be an All-Star candidate or something due to his crazy 3pt shooting. What happened to the guy. 
wtf
SECRET WEAPON SHANE "LATIN AMENDOLA" LARKIN 
What’s that, the 97th time this year of that “pass fake out of bounds” call this year?
Theis mad
Marcus wtf are you doing
This game is disgusting!
It's not the first game that we are careless with the ball
Fucking embarrassing. 
This game ain’t over. 40 point run here let’s go. 
Tatum and rozier have been fucking abysmal
why do they wait to the 4th quarter to start trying WHY EVERY FUCKING TIME. Now I see some energy.
Not sure why Kyrie doesn't just ISO and take over 
I’ll be mad if kyrie doesn’t score at least 40 tonight.   Keep shooting. 
Poor passing
WTF terry
I said it last game. This team always makes me think there's a chance. I'm still not sure it's over. 
Yet another terrible pass by Terry. Jesus christ. 
Morris comes in instant bad play.
WHY DO THE REFS HATE TATUM???
JFC this game
I don't usually like to blame the refs... but....
Fuck these refs
Our defense has been atrocious
Those refs tho. That was some seriously bad refereeing. 
Was anyone at the game? Weirdest national anthem I've ever heard at a game 
BROUGHT UP FROM THE D-LEAGUE?? WE LET A DUDE JUST BROUGHT UP FROM THE D-LEAGUE ICE THE GAME ON US???
Fuck the trolls in this thread.

If the C's got half the fouls called that occur, they'd be putting up 110+ every game.
Smart is so fucking atrocious, i cant even
just switched the game on, will anyone fill me in?
Pathetic loss.
Stop being selfish, give Tatum the ball
Can't even inbound the fucking ball. This team doesn't need rest and practice, they need some guys who actually want to play basketball for 48 minutes. 
Nothing like pre gaming for the afc championship game by watching some Celtics ball. Fuck ya
What a dumb hard foul by Morris
I'm sad Jaylen made a lot of mistakes on that possession after Horford's steal :( Pick it up, bby
a lot of JaYleN to start the game
241
Edit: guess not lol
get the fuck outta here...
What a horrible call. 
Our defense is definitely missing it's usual intensity
What happened to Hezonja? Dude got a ton of hype during the draft. Does he lack confidence or has he just failed to develop?
Every time I turn on the game someone is missing a layup
How in the fuck are we 11 down to Orlando at home
Absolutely fucking pathetic 
Just checked the score, what the fuck happened?
sometimes I watch these guys and wonder how the fuck they have the record they do
Dio cane that was an offensive foul by Mack ffs sake fuck off dio cane I'm fucking getting angry porcamadonna 
I swear to god if the pats game is this frustrating to watch, I'm going to flip my shit. 
That was he most pathetic offensive rebound I’ve ever seen. We had four jerseys on it.
at least this might help the lakers pick convey. maybe
Worst 3rd quarter of the year? What have been some other bad ones?
This is a mixture of terrible D and the Magic hitting mind bogglingly difficult shots 
Our defense has been garbage, and our offense with kyrie on the bench is even worse
Wtf is going on? About to lose three games to scrub ass team. I thought the Cavs were bad but we’re just as worst. 
Our backup guards are horrible in making layups. 
When both Rozier/Smart are cold the bench goes to shit
Its not in cards today ball has no bounce to the celtics crazy
Kyrie really gets no love from the refs for some stupid reason.
STOP LETTING ROZIER TOUCH THE FUCKING BALL
Rozier trying hard to surpass Smart as the worst player of the game. 
Morris loses the jump to a point guard.
Foul wtf
He's not even fucking touched.
that is some terrible fucking refs...
FUCK THESE REFS

Shocking kyrie got a call.
WE GOT A FOUL PRAISE THE FUCKING LORD
stop passing to morris he just fumbles it every other fucking time
I feel like the non calls and bad call on Morris really stopped our momentum. 
Fuck the refs
Just awful..
Guys took their foot off the gas after the London trip. It happens, I expect them to figure it out on the road on Tuesday. Marcus and Terry are very important to this team and they need to play with energy. The rest of the team feeds off of it. Horrible today.
Has Al done anything in this game?
It’s crazy how similar Tatum’s game is to Pierce’s
man Tatum has been horrible these past two games.
Tatum has hit the rookie wall he's been bad lately.
HAH!

we have no players besides Kyrie.

Everyone else is fake.
This dude seriously got a James Harrison jersey?
These might be the worst refs I've seen all year.
can we never do another fucking in game interview ever a-fucking-gain?
Hahahahaha bad call fuck yeah
No I win 
Jaylen does that like three times a game and it's infuriating
Horford looks so soft in the paint right now. Terrible defense.
Getting sick of Smarts turnovers this season 
smart has been worse than garbage today. fucking atrocious
Smart is so brutal to watch, travel, brick, lost ball. 
if kyrie doesn't take at least 10 shots in the 4th quarter, thats just bad coaching by brad
Rozier has MURDERED us this game
Get Rozier out of the damn game brad. I am at home and know that he should be sitting down.
Had our chances, but Rozier threw a terrible pass, bricked a three, and Morris lost a jump ball to a point guard. 
fuck this team, thank god the pats are on
This is the most pathetic shit I have witnessed all season. Orlando is a terrible fucking team, like legitimately terrible, and we are giving them whatever they want on both ends. If you think we're the best defense in the league after this one, idk what to tell you. Team needs a serious reality check. 
these guys are a fucking embarrassment
Just giving up open 3s and layups all game. Pathetic. 
I cant stand Horford and how bad he is
Please put Terry on the bench. Dude is next level bad. 
Jaylen needs to learn how to go to the rim with a plan and stop showing the fucking ball. 
Wtf is this children of the corn commercial 
11 points in 3 minutes, nice. Just a reminder this is one of the worst teams and one of the worst offenses in the league. 
The people in these threads who downvote any negative comment are the biggest losers
stone hands with back to back atrocious plays. ugh
Let's see if we can blow out one of the worst teams in the league. The fact we let them put up 28 in a quarter is laughable. 
Stop fucking switching Kyrie onto bigger players. All it does is put the defense in scramble mode. 
Such a bad shot by Tatum
Why are we switching Kyrie onto Simmons? So dumb. At least double if you're going to do it. 
Get a fucking stop for gods sake. 
How does Brady get a sprained thumb in a walkthrough practice? Like, which RB sucks so much that they fucked up a handoff that badly?
Rozier is so bad. Dude loves showing the ball. 
Rozier is so fucking bad
You're not alone my man.  Have you seen the clip where it blocks his vision so badly that he airballs like an 8 foot shot?
I'd have a hard time not blaming every missed shot or turn over he makes on his hair if he was on my team
The problem with these refs is that they double down on their shit calls and basically just go on tilt and ref randomly the rest of the game 
Hopefully they put it up on the jumbotron post game
Get my keys, We’re going to the game 😈
He fucking should. This is beyond unacceptable. Let’s not kid ourselves.
I never understand the hate. Kyrie is a god. He's never going to stay in a slump for to long with Brad as a coach.
Its what the celtics meed to do if they want to get calls, sucks it has to be that way but thats the shit thats the nba
The complaining was warranted in this game. These refs were dumbshit blind. And it wasn't disrespectful complaining. 
Yeah that hair makes me cringe all the time. It’s so fucking stupid 
Fuck it trade Brad too /s
Pats game soon
Jayson has been doing this a lot :( 
Sadly Jaylen has looked so bad on defense his offense doesn't make up for it. That dude he is guarding is having a career game.
Why? He's a passionate fan and knows the game.
he was never good. was on the bench in Europe 
Really bad at defense... Refs are helping them too, but the lack of defense effort is worse
Last game it was offense, this game it’s the defense. Against Pelicans it was AD murdering us. 
Yeah he is only 9/12 from the field, what a bad shooter
if you think his jumper is broken, what words do you have for fultz?
Shut up you fucking idiot
Half hour!
Celtics game, not all of us in this sub are Patriots fans.
Karma for talking bad about Brady
He's not a good 4 either. This guy has a max contract and scores 13 points a game.
You’re a rude bitch. Luv u.
Wait Celtics are one of the worst teams in the league? 
Settle the fuck down weirdo
Fuck off one bad game
There’s no winning at your pathetic spammy life. 
It must really suck that your life is so pathetic you feel the need to troll Reddit posts. I don’t hate you like some of these people, I just feel sorry for you. 
It's too early to deal with your crap. Give it a rest.
Such a bad comment by you 
Guys just stop giving him attention. When people are in bad places in their lives, they look for any type of attention they can get. He's clearly trolling at this point and is feeding off your angry responses.
Fuck off 
Dude, you're sick
Holy shit you're annoying
"Your raptors" will be fucked in the 2nd round like you do every year. Pathetic ass franchise 
fake 1 seed
Tommy is a treasure leave this sub with the Tommy hate.
Fuck outta here with that trash 
That’s what I was thinking. I would never go to this Celts game unless I knew there would be a party in the arena after with the game up on the screen. That would actually be sick, better than watching at home.
I’m not sure why the refs allow it to happen. 
I know, im just inpatient and mad, take it with a grain of salt
Yes. I agree they're way too hard on the team but banning them is ridiculous
Seriously he’s the only user I’ve ever hated. 
He has such a sad existence 
That impresses you? Orlando should turn the ball over every fucking time, they suck balls. Rozier is selfish af, comes off the bench and jacks up contested shots and weak ass layup attempts 
Unfortunate word choice then because you're gonna get lots of downvotes for misunderstandings.
will do. I get so frustrated when websites change their interfaces to make it more difficult to access information
So you're disagreeing for the sake of it, as usual
Might be hard to catch, but thank you for all the info! I'll keep an eye out.
So why you wasting your energy? You completely failed at stringing together anything to support your statement and now just hurlin some bruhs and bros. You're a weird insecure dude
Wtf ain't Conley played like 10 games?
> However, at the line, he can't jump.

Technically, he can as long as he doesn't land past the line. Would make for some awkward FTs though!
I'm somewhat worried about the Boston Celtics lately. 
I'm worried about *us* after that fucking Orlando game
and 76ers game. and pelicans game. 
The cavs haven’t lost a playoff series in the east in the past THREE years, not seven 
I'm sorry, but this is a terrible article

I still think it’s incredibly unlikely we get the lakers pick.  
Wrong trade
I remember he had a bad fall a couple games ago
His jump shot looks awful 
Yeah I wouldn't be shocked if Zion busted 

Some of the hype beast NBA fans are wild
Dumb take. 
He fucking **YAMS** on motherfuckers
Yeah. The sheer talent and size even with Zion at the 4, is going to be insane. I hate Duke but man hard to not get excited by what we may see.
Stevens got the 8th seed. Spo didnt even make the playoffs. Brad did it on a worse team the year before. Makes no sense. Logic doesn't work at all.
fuck lbj
Jaylen Brown is wrong.
If you’re guaranteeing me Lebron isn’t leaving after year 1, (even if he did year 2) then it’s lebron and it isn’t even close.

Smart-Jaylen-Tatum-Lebron-Horford is a ridiculous defensive lineup not even factoring in Hayward 
Fuck it throw all star game MVP while we're at it
It wasn't eloquently stated, but he isn't wrong.  
You’re an idiot fam
Yet it another pathetic cabs fan pretending to be a Celtics fan...

It literally does not get more pathetic than that
Once again you’re an idiot. Celtics is the only subreddit I have activity in. Do research 
Do explain why I'm an idiot then
I think Danny would agree with you, so don't worry about what all the kneejerk morons have to say on this sub. 
I sort of feel like proposing/debating ridiculous trades that will never happen is one of the inalienable rights of a sports fan.  Don’t take that away from me.
I don't see that...


I see sports writers writing about AD because they have to to fill time. But i've heard very little fans who watch the Celtics say that at all.
Where are you going where you are bumping into celtics fans talking about Anthony Davis.

By everywhere you go, I'm assuming you mean people commenting on the internet. 
Do you think with a player of his caliber they’re going to come out and say Anthony Davis is available. That would be terrible for their team/locker room for the time being but it would also decrease his value and in turn decrease what they would receive in return for him. 
Oh fuck off.
Do everyone behind you a favor and leave the sign at home
He said no one is sitting behind him...
Red Claws fan here! Here's a write-up of a game I went to in the fall, with an appearance by [Bronson Arroyo](https://maineprosports.wordpress.com/2017/12/02/anyways-heres-bronson-arroyo-playing-wonderwall/). You can usually get tickets for under $15.
I posted this on r/nba a few minutes ago with an explanation as to why the teams *might* do it. Unlikely tho.  https://i.imgur.com/nTg6x0C.jpg 
Boogie leaving would basically be a guarantee that AD will leave. They'd be crazy not to accept Hood, sac 1st, etc for AD. If we aren't positioned to make the move then what's the point in wanting for him. 
50% on 7.5 threes a game is pretty fucking crazy
What should I give up for Jaylen to be an 80% FT shooter? :(
fuck javale mcgee

he turned us down once when we were going to the playoffs because he "wanted to listen to serious offers"

so fuck javale mcgee, and his piranha iq and his bitch ass agent
He hasnt been on Shaqtin because hes not allowed to be he whined about being bullied so even if he does somehing dumb hes not on there
> Enter email address Sign Up “I try to help him, too, because he’s in a hard situation,” Theis said. 

TIL Theis is part machine
Jaylen: Hey JT, wanna play some 2k?

Jayson: Nah, I got a play date at Hayward's

Jaylen: Can I come?

Jayson: Sorry, daddies only
Terry is too scary for kids.
Hayward cutting... fakes out Thompson! Ohh a lob to Theis!

THEIS PUTS IT IN. BANG BANG BANG. THEIS COMES AT DURANT OUT OF NOWHERE!
Because he doesn't pass often and prefers terrible shots. 
To whatever extent you feel Rozier does something with the ball, the results are objectively poor when he dribbles. 
Why in the flying fuck do you want our team to get maple dicked in a game period let alone a fucking playoff game.
Yeah fuck anyone who likes and respects players that used to be on Celtics I guess

^/s
I tried to come up with a joke about being a decent person, but I'm too disgusted.
No, we still loook like fucking idiots for taking him over Giannis
I might be down, but I'm really bad. For some reason, I just play in GM mode all day.
Yeah, I’m game. PM me when this gets up and going, or if there’s something I can do to help
Cruel and unusual punishment 
About buckets, this game has always been and will always be. 
I too would be a Celtics hater if I had picked the wrong team.  However, I did not.
Just use the DPE, cut the crap
If Dwight wasnt so damn expensive I'd take him over Horford in a heartbeat. Him and Kyrie with Brad coaching would be unreal.
That Batum contract makes me absolutely sick
You're an idiot
It's a horrible idea....they want to get younger, they would never trade for IT who's about to get a big contract
Way too bad to make the conference finals as a starter. 

Yes, deal sucks. 
By not being an idiot. 
Sad scoring numbers
As a non-Patriots Celtics fan....me fucking too
This coupled with the revelation that he supports the scum might make me stop liking jaylen. Jk but seriously he’s gotta learn 
:(
I am actually mad
Fucking trade him for Kemba Walker, this is unacceptable
Fuck the Patsies
I feel the same way. Celtics are my only team from Boston but I can't hate on the other teams
Are you that psychotic that you're offended by what he said? Sounds like you should get the fuck outta here and maybe rethink your life.
False
Oof. Tough call!!
I say that, collectively, we never speak of that game again. Like it never happened. Yeesh. 
1st game I went to this year. I was so mad leaving the Garden. Kyrie being out was only part of the issue... We had stupid turnovers over and over again and when 3pt shots weren't falling we just kept chucking instead of driving in... we also gave up a lot of open shots to the Sixers

the fact we lost only by 9 is something of a surprise. halfway through the 3rd quarter it felt like we were down 50
Sloppy game. Shows the value of Kyrie. Limit turnovers. Capitalize on 6er turnovers
The flow-on effects are particularly bad when Marcus Morris appears to be drunk. He looked like he'd never played basketball before.
they should start Rozier in these instances at least give it a try
Brown has insane potential, trading him or Tatum would be dumb imo.
Pelicans? Dont you mean the Philadelphia Penguins?
what? we played Philadelphia in London, we won that game
That just sounds like something you intentionally made up to anger Sixers fans who also happen to be Flyers fans & thus Penguins haters 

Well, if so it worked, you certainly got me >:( 
He said something NEGATIVE about our god, JAYBAE. So he gets the negatives too.
does he mean "long term", like, in terms of trades and basketball operations? or does he mean during the offseason when he doesn't have to travel for away games, so he can take summer courses?

I don't think Danny would ever tell him he's untouchable, FWIW
Sorry, didn't mean to imply I work in the Harvard admissions office. Just a guy with common sense and access to Harvard's website. 
cant buy a bucket late
Frustrating as hell. With or without Kyrie, we can't keep a team under 90 and still lose. 
I will say this. We played like shit. Even brad said during a time out interview we stink. It was probably our worst game of the year. And we only lost by 9. Always look at the positive. 
Ugly ugly game
I miss kyrie man. Cavs are fucking dumb ! 
I'm not even mad we deserved to lose after such horrific start. Once again AL locks down Ben "Lebron James" Simmons and we comeback after one of our usual terrible starts. Our defense is disgusting. Marcus and AL 1st Team ALL Defense. 
ESPN should at least highlight Covington out of bounds just to continue to show how useless the refs are. Not that it would have made a difference.
I missed the end of T2 on AMC to watch that mess.   :/
Hoping someone has a video/gif of that nasty Tatum block. It was in the 3rd quarter I think and the Sixers player tried to go under the hoop for a reverse and Tatum followed him with those long ass arms and just rejected it. 

found it h[ere](https://twitter.com/celtics/status/954151553564323840?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.theringer.com%2Fnba%2F2018%2F1%2F18%2F16908274%2Ficymi-20180118) 
I’ve defended Morris all year but that was genuinely the worst performance I’ve ever seen from an NBA player 
Tonight’s thread was as bad as I’ve seen it. I’m seriously considering unsubscribing if he isn’t banned. Which I know is what his troll ass wants, but still
Sixers need shooting. They need markelle to live up to his potential at this point that looks unlikely.  You have to hope Covington stops playing like trash after being paid that could be a bad contract If he doesnt.
I think he got rid of the ball before his fooot landed but I haven't watched a slow motion replay yet or seen a screenshot so could be wrong. The refs are still useless either way. 
Come the fuck on he wasn't even the worst player on the court
We get it, you hate Kyrie. You don't have to post negativity about him all the time.
You're probably one of those jackasses that gets on him for "hero ball" too
After all the days without games we’ve had, why the fuck would he rest?
yeah its fucking annoying
I was at the game, and the way he shot his layup screamed "I play in a YMCA league".
Why is Theis never criticized on the sub he's friggin awful and he is the sole reason we lost these last two games...

I'll give you one guess as to why you never see anyone on this sub say anything bad about him...
Oh no that haircut is serious business
Well there are actually plenty of things that are worse than being pretentious or condescending (that means talking down to someone). 
Wtf? Why did you put that in parentheses like I don't know that you freak?
This game is fugly.
Brown got hit in the face by embiids fucked celebration. 

Excessive celebration 

15 yard penalty

Celtics. 1st down
I hate Reggie Miller’s as a commentator with a passion 
I don't mind losing a game but I am really disappointed I don't get to watch the Banner 18 boogie. 
Is the game on TNT? Is anyone else getting this https://i.imgur.com/SurtSAG.jpg 
Reggie oh my god that was a weird comment to make about a coworker.
How did the game that says it would start at 7 start at 7. Typically it takes 10 minutes
That kid had a water bottle?!?! DUDE!!! THEY SELL SODA IN THERE!! stupid fucking kid
Shout out to professor Reggie saying that if horford hit that 3 it would be a one possession game. 
I'm sorry but a Shane Larkin shootout is not a hill I want to die on
I hate when we lay an egg on a nationally televised game 
Tatum played poorly tonight.
Rozier is going to go off at some point this game and the dumbasses that were talking shit will start jock riding 
Of fucking course
Ooohh man, they had the shot for a big run, they just kept missing :(  

Time is not on our side.
Missed 3 fucking threes 
How the fuck did we beat the Raptors without Kyrie?
I wish they could show my face on the jumbotron. Hint: it is not happy.
uh FUCK years past. I still see that continuation getting called in the league this season
Al missing two big shots :(
Markelle is so fucked right now. Absolutely crazy.
14 turnovers

thats bad for one game but one half is ungodly
Fucking Marcus 
If I wanted to watch bad basketball I'd go see a girls high school game
Sometimes when I’m feeling sad I remember the Celtics basically got paid not to draft Fultz. 
Going to be one ugly and long boring second half if we keep forcing that 2 man game between Smart and Horford. 
This is the type of game where you would like to see Brown and Tatum to step up..
It’s games like this that remind me that we had fucking Gordon Hayward and the basketball gods took him away from us 
This has been a terrible basketball game
We had CHANCES in this one

Bad loss
This game is why Kyrie should be MVP
Thank god I don't have school tomorrow so I can smoke this game out of my memory
This going to be a breakout game for Tatum and Brown.
That was a sick block by Tatum, damn...
lazy fucking passes
This is pretty awful so far
This is why we should use the DPE for the short time. We're bad offensively, without Kyrie on the court we're like extra terrible.
Need that Brad “get the fuck out of here” with the stank face GIF ASAP
39 points in 32 minutes holy fuck 
The Celtics are literally having the worst game in the NBA this season.

https://twitter.com/jaredweissnba/status/954164389896171520
I picked the wrong day t give up drinking
I get really annoyed with TNT commentators, I'm about ready to punch Reggie Miller because of how fucking bad he is as a commentator and also cause the Celtics can't score 
10 POINT GAME
This team is fucking nuts lmaoo
Too little too late.
Well...  They got up to 80 points at least.
OPERATION sweep the process...

and fuck the process
Imagine paying money and going to this game
We are downright pathetic without Kyrie. This game is an MVP case for him.
sheesh Tatums been bad
fuck the process
Unless you think Fultz is a game changer, this is the Sixers. We don't have Kyrie or Hayward or even Yabu, we'll destroy them in the playoffs if we play them.
Embiid/McConnell 2 man game is lit
We fucking struck gold with Tatum holy shit
Hard to believe Simmons is an nba player with that shot
Jaylen”unlucky as fuck” Brown
They need to decide if that’s a travel or not and stick to it so fucking annoying 
I kinda feel sorry for TNT viewers watching this game.  So bad
I fucking hate Ben Simmons and his face 
A lot of awful passing tonight.
Holy Fuck
Wtf are they doing
This is fucking pathetic.
What the fuck is this 
Wtf is our guys doing jesus fuck
wtf am I watching
Are they drunk? Wtf is going on? 
Brad please...we had all that time after the London game to practice 
Fucking stopppppp with the shitty passes!!!
This is fucking atrocious.
Horford wtf man
Dude wtf is this, double team and they shit their pants
We look BAD.
Terry so quick it’s stupid 
I have a really bad cold and I actually thought we’d jut started the 3rd, lmfao 
I mean we’re only down 7 after that insane turnover stretch. I’ll take it I guess. Total faith in Brad’s patented *halftime adjustments*
Hard to believe we shot over 40% that half
On pace for 64 point... Not ideal 😓
Even if that wasn't a foul, Jaylen is having an atrocious game
If the Celtics are gonna lose this game I want to see at least one 10 second wind up 3 by Amir god damit.
Anderson is ugly as shit
Seriously. I hope we make it to 50 points.
Wait thats fucking insane. Those are our first free throws. I didnt even notice wtf
Just joining the game anyone care to tell me what's been happening in this game also wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeere is Kyrie?

Edit: Thank you for the answers. Damn Kyrie get well soon dad
I want to go to Aruba :(
I want to take my laptop and throw it at my TV. This is PATHETIC. 
This is fucking pathetic.
It's concerning how bad we look..
Turns out we thrived in a hectic schedule and the rest fucked up our momentum
In games without kyrie our offense is painfully bad
Well even if we lose, it's only one game. This isn't the NFL, where every game matters. Hopefully Brad can take some lessons from this loss and use it to motivate the guys.
We may be losing badly but at least we have Abby
i feel like a masochist watching this game. 
I hate Dario Šarić's face so much. It offends me.
LARKIN FUCKING STOP IT
Can we go back to playing 3 games in 4 days again?

We look lethargic and the ball movement is non existent. Worst game of the year against one of the most annoying teams in the conference @ home. 
Hit our FTs this game is ours
Is it too late for a comeback?
10 points game
Another late effort for a comeback. Why do they do this all the time??
I need Agent J to wipe this game
He was shooting the ball...you blind idiots! 
This is one of the worst games of basketball I’ve ever seen on both ends. Every possession is ending in a turnover by both teams it seems.
Fuck these CUNT refs
Just in: We've run out of bleach, sorry to anyone who didn't get any
Hey Brad — fuck this game. 
Yo guys its alright Cavs choking hard rn
Fuck you mr embiid. 
Fuck
rozier game hypeeeeeeee
Get ready for the Reggie Miller hate 
nasty
Still look sloppy as hell 
We sloppy.
omg these last two minutes have been awful
this game ugly for both teams damn
Fuck Embiid man
Wtf was that rebound attempt... wtf Thies
This game just feels off
This is ugly
Give the fucking ball to Tatum
This is bad
Mad Brad :(
What the fuck are they even doing out there? Playing stupid and lazy
holy fucking shit this is sooooo stupid. what are they even doing???????
13 fucking turnovers
Just give it to Morris at halfcourt and have him shoot it. Honestly fuck it. 
Is this a fucking joke?
this is ugly
Would not mind if Tony romo was announcing this game over starving Marvin 
Without Kyrie on the floor, I'm sorry but Tatum has to take that shot
Are they gonna run Al/Smart PnR for the rest of the game or are they gonna involve the other 3 players on the court?
We really need to cut down on these stupid threading needle passes man
G league offense even worse without Kyrie
Let's get it this half!
Brown needs to learn to pump fake into a drive
We don't move without the ball at all. Without Kyrie this is going to be a loss if we don't start cutting.
wtf are these calls
Kyrie is our mvp end the discussion. Last time we played this bad was that Bulls game.
That is an awful call
Terrible game 
what the fuck is going on
Dude this is pathetic
God, TNT is so annoying to watch. 
Larkin's gonna save this team's sorry ass again with his disruptive defense
wtf is going on this is the worst i’ve seen the offense defense isn’t bad and that’s the only reason we have a chance. rebounding can be better too. 
Worried about confidence after this game. This is the type of effort that can snake bite you for awhile
That Smart Horford combination is ugly offense 
Brett Brown has nothing on Thibodeau when it comes to yelling on the side line.  That shit is crazy
Saric takes to the hoop harder than Tatum and it makes me sad.
MARCUS. Let's get some fucking atmosphere into the Garden and get this lead down!! Cmon!
Couldn't watch the game, what happened?  Where is Kyrie?  Didn't know he wasn't playing tonight.  
FUCKING LARKIN STOP SHOOTING 
I miss Gordo :( and kyrie
BRO I HATE THIS TISSOT COMMERCIAL WITH THESE VANILLA ASS WHITE PEOPLE IM TRUNA WATCH BASKETBALL
7 point game! 2 mins! 
3 minutes out of 48 ain’t bad I guess!
I want this press defense all game every game, it's so nerve racking.
Oh no! Sundays game is gonna run into the Pats Game?.. Guess I'm on The Couch ALL DAY
Explode to the fucking rim tatum. 
39-32 score

what a shitty game
Fuck Amir
We're getting exposed hard without Kyrie. 53 points in 36 minutes
I can't deal with all this dabbing man. These fucking kids. 
Terrible. Jaylen completely loses Saric, and Al gives up the oboard. This is terrible effort. 
How fucking one sided are these reffs. 
FUCK YOU LARKIN. WHY DID YOU TOUCH IT!?
Horford has been atrocious after his first 3 shots 
Terrible defense all over the place. 
Hooooly shit that was sick
This is fucking pathetic man. Just get off the damn court if this is how youre going to play
We are so fuckin bad without Kyrie. This is the reason why we signed Hayward. Hell we should trade for Anthony Davis too 
Worst half of basketball in celtic history. 


I mean, our offense is bad anyways, but without Kyrie it’s just disastrous. 32 points in a half?
So many stupid fucking turnovers. 
Of course Nader with the horrible entry pass to start. 
I HATE SHANE LARKIN WITH ALL IF MY PASSION TRADE HIS ASS
It's very unfortunate for our team that Brown has an alpha personality, and not Tatum. Hopefully, it can be the other way around in the future.
Nader in so its about to get worse.
A Baynes 3. Get the fuck out
Embiid has like 3 years of basketball before that big, slow, awkward body of his totally breaks down
What the fuck is Baynes even attempting to do there?
Just keep making terrible passes guys. 
Snoreford :(
Well, since this game looks to be getting out of hand, what do you guys think the score of the Patriots game will be?
from a European: how the fuck can fans be so hyped and cheerful being 18 points down after 3 quarters in an absolutely disgusting game?
Let's see how we embarrass ourselves Sunday. All this rest and practice hasn't mean shit. 
Rozier still absolutely fucking terrible at making plays
This is sad as fuck. 
More terrible passes!
Called it. This wasn't gonna be our night.. we did a crazy 30 point comeback, but they are not gonna let it slip tonight. :-/
Bad defensive possession
awful start for Stone Hands. Each miss indicative of his lack of touch. 
Fans sound like they want to boo very badly, and they should. 
Rozier is bad. 
And that game against Chicago
Seriously! I even have the idiot blocked but all this dumbass comments still show up on mobile. 
Fuck that guy.
What a moron 
I JUST WANT THE FUCKING GOLD
I think his two gross shots made him shy away from trying to score.
It's crazy how everyone forgets this. As if losing our star player 5 minutes into the season isn't going to have an effect on the team.
Can't be mad. They were all so close.
A WNBA game is just as bad
Painful
Tatum has been shit whenever attacking tonight, he's been just as bad.
Semi taking a wide open 3 is a bad possession.
Jaylen is leading the team in assists? Jesus christ we're fucked.
No way he said something that dumb. 
Bruins have been unbelievable these past few months. 15 game point streak now.
He has the worst basketball iq and already takes enough shots
I think it’s been off for a couple games at least
Weird. I use r/nbastreams bc I don't have cable
Basketball is a game of runs no matter what team you are. I def don't agree with lacking offensive talent. But certainly missing some scoring with Kyrie out
tough to miss when you turn it over every time
out with a shoulder injury :(
Joel Embiid is a stupid idiot! 
never too late.
You call them losing by 1 point choking hard tho?
LeBron is a terrible GM...So yes, he'll draft Kyrie, who is playing like a joke as of late.
I'm still waiting on Tatum to have a breakout game offensively.  
and game.
I admire your passion, you bring it 48 minutes every game thread, no days off!
I'm disappointed in Kyrie. It's like he's not even there! 
Awful take tbh. We’re down Kyrie for one game vs a hot team and lose by single digits and we’re set for a slump? Laughing my ass off
Why do you like the Celtics? You seem to just hate
What are you even talking about? Seriously just stop watching basketball.
This is pathetic man. Just get off the damn forum if this is how you're going to post.
Username checks out

Be gone evil spirit. 
The fact that a lebron led team has to lead an upset against us is laughable 
Bad comment
Can you just become a Warriors fan or some shit? You'll still probably be just as negative about them though.
Fake fan
Stop being so negative all the time
Fuck that
You are such a bad fucking troll.
That's not a good trade
Idiot
Holy shit you are the most annoying fuck. He had a turn over so he's bad  like shit leave this sub.
Get back to me if he has 5 bad games in a row
Clearly showed that he has potential. Would be stupid to think otherwise.
You are so negative, your life must suck ass 
Learn idioms you fucking cum idiot.
Womens basketball is just painful to watch
Nothing we say on here affects the outcome of the game
Yea any time he doesn’t score 30+ people say he’s underwhelming here. Which I think is ridiculous 
Yeah, that's a bad paraphrase
It’s usually a train wreck 80 percent of the time. 
We? Who the fuck are you to include yourself as a C's fan?
I mean it’s a way to disconnect from the real world. You don’t have to get emotional over it, especially a regular season game but then why come to the game thread? Honestly I just meant this was a terrible game to watch though, like it’s boring and not fun at all watching a 32 point half.
I think he means the last game Kyrie didn't play, not the game before this one.
Have you read the game thread? Or are you going to read post game thread? You will see. 
what a stupid comment, you have to be an NBA player to criticise them?
It’s a slow predictable outcome every time. 
No I said that because he wasn’t voted all star starter. Sorry for the confusion 
I really hate that troll. Uses “we” on every team’s sub. I blocked him but still see his stupid ass comments
His role on offense has changed, which is disappointing. Earlier in the year he was taking 13-15 shots a game, now Brad got him relegated to a 3 and D guy.
Even on defense, when we called the timeout he looked at the red like wtf just happened
So many dumb Jaylen dickriders in this sub. I like the guy but the fact that he's this atrocious at making free throws is embarrassing and pathetic.
Sadly, it’s these annoying ones that post on r/nba and make us all look bad
Jesus, as if I need another reason to hate him
Thanks. Ya, that’s one of the reasons I hate watching national games. If I’m watching the Celtics I need to listen to Tommy complain about the refs so I’m not alone.
That's not true, and shows you don't remember how bad he was in year 1
You just hate the Celtics, gtfo.
Shit I'm sorry. It does look sketchy though tbh
Now Smart is out :( 

https://twitter.com/celtics/status/954115710447509504

Edit: no he's not i'm just stupid as fuck and didn't bother to properly read the tweet
see edit... :(
Ive been wondering if Brad would ever experiment and give Jayson the "Gordon" role for a game or two to just see what happens. But since we have Marcus and Terry, it's probably not something Brad would try
He would need to dramatically improve both his handles and his vision, but I wouldn't put it past him
What the fuck
Seriously
Well i hope Jaylen gets to attend a few lectures from Professor Pump while hes there!
Well that's a sad state of affairs. 
It's fucking ESPN . Paul works for ESPN. I bet someone in ESPN just told Paul to dramatize this shit
I'd say it's just what we needed. People are just now starting to realize that Paul Pierce is actually a fucking legend, not just "some dude who played in Boston for a few years"
He was never a top 10 caliber player.

Maxed out around the 13-15 range.
Why does JB receive praise whereas people hate on Kap? 
A lot of people disliked Kap before he became an activist (including myself). Once he started kneeling for the anthem and disrespecting the flag, I feel like it just made things worse. Jaylen has not done anything disrespectful and is a generally likable person so he didn’t receive the hate like Kap. 
When during the game is Jaylen or anyone else promoting his activism?
I agree with you, sorry you got downvotes for an opinion 
Their job... Is literally my entertainment.... They are entertainers... I'm the customer.. So if i am unhappy, I stop watching, and spending money... Then they have no job... 
Rozier breakout game incoming 
Damn seems everyone in Boston’s getting sick. When I was home from college 3/4 of my family got sick. Some nasty colds/virus’ going around. 
You’ve gotta be fucking kidding. Of course, Kyrie would be hurt when I’m going to my first game. What a shit week.
Sorry, mate. Fingers crossed he gets to play tonight.
Shudders at how even worse Kyrie's shooting will be.
I know, just a stupid joke
This is corny as fuck. 
Fuck ESPN
Bro, if you are practicing writing and want criticism then say so.
Don’t post this crap to a sub and then when you get hate for it say “oh I’m just practicing my writing”
He didn’t want to fuck with that night though, he didn’t even know that it was Pierce’s jersey retirement until after they agreed on moving the video tribute.
I honestly do not care about this shit at all, but seeing the disrespect aimed at Paul Pierce in /r/nba is getting absolutely ridiculous 
Not sure if you’re referring to me but if you are you’re wrong. I’d bet there are definitely people like that. 
You fucking clown. You posted this on the NBA thread. Word for word.
You’ve just copied and pasted something (that everyone is sick of talking and hearing about) to a Boston Celtics sub and your defence for doing it is that you are practicing your writing.
I’m saying there are other forums for posting up writing that would enable you to get constructive criticism.
That's what we are doing and he is been missing everything. :(
The fuck? That shot was money for years...
It's less bad if he's hitting 45% than 33%
Would make sense as out 1st Q have been miserable
Hence I said 'less bad'
I agree. I would start by firing Stan. Not because he’s a bad coach which I’m undecided on but because he was the architect behind this team. He probably would have a tough time changing directions with this team.
Rookies get crap calls. He's not as bad as I remember some guys. Hopefully he doesn't trend like olynyk did.
It's ridiculous the amount of hate Pierce is getting and people saying he's not a top 10 Celtic of all time.  
I never liked the fact that he seemingly refused to identify his attackers which reinforces the "no snitching" philosophy that keeps the perpetrators of the violence out of prison.  Maybe I'm wrong but that's the impression I got at the time. 

https://mobile.nytimes.com/2002/09/25/sports/plus-court-news-pierce-testifies-in-stabbing-trial.html
Not a top 10 Celtic though /s
Yo I know how this sub feels about the IT drama,  but fuck that lil midget for thinking he fee deserves something on PP's night. Pierce is a Boston legend. 
They call him “The Human Cutting Board” for a reason
Shit i forgot bout that. Please run thru my comment history, and know that... "mah bad".
> It’s been a frustrating day of Pierce bashing.


Jesus Christ
You know Paul Pierce didn't outscore LeBron once in that 2008 series.? They actually both played pretty shitty.
Game 1: LJ 12 PP 4
Game 2: LJ 21 PP 19
Game 3: LJ 21 PP 14
Game 4: LJ 21 PP 13
Game 5: LJ 35 PP 29
Game 6: LJ 32 PP 16
Game 7: LJ 45 PP 41
Who the hell hates Paul pierce on here? Also he is getting his own night. I’m actually confused as to what people are outraged about at this point.
Cousy Russell Havlicek Bird McHale the only ones unarguably above him.

Cowens, Parish, Sam Jones, and Jo Jo White you could argue about.

So 10th at worst.
Go to r/nba dude
Its freakin tragic. Peeps callin paul pierce greedy etc.  
You’re worried about the opinions of a place where 29/30 people hate the Celtics. They hate IT too.  Who cares. Are you that shocked a bunch of lakers and cavs fans have negative opinions on Paul pierce?

Are you surprised? It's r/nba brah, they hate all things Celtics. Always have and always will.
Reddit is a platform for discussions and arguements. A sub made for nba should have at least some type of intelligence.
And for that, I say fuck em all
Is a regular thread regarding the topic labeled "Celtics Bashing Circlejerk"?

And then you ignore the social media aspect. Pierce is getting hated on, come out that rock 
is this kyrie??  you know according to the english language and all forms of education you are terribly incorrect, right? this is some 12 year-old attempt at arguing
I don't have fits because people use words in a dumb way, but I do acknowledge it
well at least you are self-aware
Whatever the case, fuck ESPN.  
Yep and fuck ESPN 
I don’t know that it really matters if he knew people were going to get mad or not, but It’s tough to say that he didn’t know things were brewing when he was asked about the controversy 10 days ago and said (paraphrasing) that he doesn’t know why people are mad, nbd, it doesn’t take away from Pierce. 

The fact that he was liking posts on Instagram on the 17th that called Pierce petty definitely shows he feels some type of way about it.


I still don't know why people are mad. It doesn't take away from Pierce. The only thing detracting from Pierce is his how petty he is acting. People are still blaming IT after he conceded to Pierce being whiny about a tribute video and said that they should skip it. I respect Pierce and his contributions but I don't see how taking this stand represents the franchise well. 
How is our backcourt -A wtf
Huh? Horford's teams have never missed the playoffs dating back to his rookie season. Not to mention 2 championship teams in college. He's never been apart of a bad team. 
I don't really think it's a bad thing, but no doubt we started a LOT of shit
No it shouldn't what a stupid take.  You are such a bad troll.
Who doesn't want to see a fight? You serious?
Go watch a Providence Bruins game, ya goon.
It's basketball I don't want to see Jaylen try to start punching John wall or some shit it's unnecessary. Keep it ball. 
Again, Pierce and Ray have made up. It's time to let the past die.
This seems like a really weird thing to be aggravated by.  
Sorry you were ever put in this position, Paul. 
YoUrE oPiNiOn Is WrOnG aNd Im rIgHt¡!¡
Fuck it, anybody who picks IT side in this bs should just join the Cavs sub reddit 
And that guy is rightfully downvoted

But then you on the other hand want to turn around and say " No Pierce is the one being insecure" Fuck outta here with that shit
I said they’re both insecure, which they are. That fact alone doesn’t make me like them less. 
Serious question. Apart from Kyrie Irving are there any TWO players on the Celtics that we would not trade 2-for-1 for Anthony Davis?
Nola would be insane to trade AD. 
He’d have to pull a Paul George to make that a possibility.
Sadly, it might be. But we also don’t want to see Tatum grow and be a superstar. 😢
Even for just a year man, shit would be crazy.
You forgot the part where Pierce said he was fine with it before the 1/3 game and then changed his mind afterwards

You also forgot the part where casual fans like the majority of this subreddit got angry at IT once Pierce changed his mind, instead choosing to blame it on the spooky media
Please do. So sick of E! Entertainment Basketball League. 
Seems like a lot of pressure and hate built up before IT made that decision 
I'm sorry, I thought we were the Boston fucking Celtics, not some shitty organization like the LA Clippers who gets caught up with this drama shit.  
Rondo and KG talking truth

IT fans need are legit idiots for believing IT is the same stratosphere as Pierce. Thomas won't retire soon, give him his 2 min video some other time
Serious don’t like this at all, rondo coming off stupid now KG. It’s not that big of a deal. IT the only one handling this with class
Fuck IT
Thank you.  

IT dragging Pierce into this drama was just unnecessary. 

The world doesn’t revolve around you, man. 

W. Bush was pretty stupid, but he stayed away from Boston. 
Because people are fucking morons. IT did the right thing but morons want to make a big deal about nothing. 
Got banned from r/nba... frickin ridiculous these numbskulls talkin abt shit.
Couldn't be any worse. 
Or Paul to Kobe honestly, not that it changes anything
Did I miss the part where IT even got us to finals? Sorry, we don't cebrate playoff pushes here 
I think you mean 17 times.
I’m sorry you feel that way, truly. 
I don’t know why I would need to explain why trash talking our GM would reflect badly on the franchise as a whole. 
My point is, he’s the only one salty enough post trade to keep rehashing old news. 
He takes every question about his thoughts and feelings on leaving the Celtics, if you think the repetition of “they mad me sad, they hurt my family, they did me dirty” doesn’t affect us as a whole you’re outta your mind. 
He can say he squashed it, but actions speak louder than words man, and he put Danny in a tough fucking spot on this one, and made no effort to get him out of it until he knew 100% it wasn’t going to fall in his favor. 
You’re a short sighted imbecile. Ainge got IT. 

IT didn’t get IT.

I can’t help you if you don’t understand how this works. 

You think IT traded himself to the Celtics and I think you’re stupid. That about covers it for me.
Where did I say that bud hmm. God you're fucking stupid.
Also you got the age comment wrong. It’s the little kids on IT’s side, it’s the grownups who know the value of Paul Pierce, Danny Ainge and Brad Stevens. 
I kinda feel bad for calling this 17 years old an imbecile. Kinda. 
Actions speak louder than words man. Turning Paul Pierce’s night into a media circus, the mini series, the DA comments, all bad press. Bad press hurts the Celtics as a whole. 
This moron with the “little kids” comments.
SMH 
Only kids think in those terms...
Don’t, this kid is throwing around “dumb fuck” like he just learned the f bomb
> Hey Dumb fuck I've been a Celtics fan longer than you've probably been alive.  I'm going to the game February 11 how about you Bud? God this sub is fucking stupid when it comes to IT. 

Didn’t do a forensic analysis. 
I didn’t call him a little kid though.
He pulled it out a few times. 
I know the title’s wayyy too long, my bad
Adam schefter told me he doesn't believe we beat Cavs game 7 at home. He said " he can't go against LeBron Jemes"
He definitely had his green goggles on writing that but it was not one of the craziest things anyone had said on here. Give Tatum a couple of years and he will be averaging close to 25 a game. 
I’m not sure how the answer isn’t Pierce for any celtics fan. And thats no knock on IT, but what did he do for us besides lead one overachieving team to the conference finals one year? Pierce was the heart and soul of the team for over a decade, and helped lead them to a championship. Even when they were horrible for a couple of years mixed in, that was certainly no fault of his.
This type of sports drama is stupid
Gosh I'm sad this situation became so polarizing :( 
You are a fucking idiot IT gave us everything he possibly could last year.  Dragged a team that had no right to be in the ECF there.  Played on a injured hip death of his little sister lost his tooth. Guy loves Boston thank God fools like you are the minority of Celtics fans.
I hate idiotic people like you.
Dude shut fuck up ive been a Celtics fan my whole life fucking moron.
kyrie is not a better offensive player than lebron. it is not close. there is no point to be made.
I am not a fan of the hero ball to close out games, if I have one criticism of Kyrie’s game that is truly it.  The elbow three is so predictable and he takes it no matter who’s in his face or what the situation is.  
1.) That was one toxic game thread, yeesh...

2.) Pelicans might be the team we match up worst against in the entire league. That's not to say they are better than contenders, but for us it is a very tough matchup. Not really worried about this one. 

3.) Let's get the next one

4.) Do it for G
Very bad series of plays when they were up five with two minutes left. Some awful shots. Overall a fun game to watch. A bit worries that teams with bigs are going to be our foil in the playoffs. 
Man how sick would it be to have AD on our team right now..
I only caught the first half and my god was that the worst I've seen Kyrie play. Seems like he ended up getting his but damn that was ugly. AD is a freak and this matchup is pretty brutal for us. Sucks to lose but I'm already over it. Have to beat Philly tomorrow.
Although I couldn’t watch this game, the box score tells a story of a hard fought loss. We’ve been playing teams close all year - it should be no surprise that we drop some of these OT games. This is what playoff basketball will be like.
Embarrassing performance down the stretch. Literally the only reason you guys are talking about AD being a matchup nightmare is because Kyrie played selfish down the stretch and thought he was playing 1 on 1 with jrue and not 5 on 5
I think a lot of this falls on brad too. This happened last year and is happening this year where he is just letting guys play and not calling timeouts. It works when you have two crazy clutch guys but I don’t think it’s sustainable long term 
And this is why you dont look at box scores for your game story
Forgive me if it's a silly question but is are the Knicks not a play off contending team?

Yeah I don’t get it.  He’s been straight up bad in clutch time ever since the mask came off, which has been a while
When you have basically no healthy starting caliber players between 6'4" and 6'10", you should kinda expect to not win a lot of games.
No I’m not saying I necessarily want to do that trade, but I’m pointing out it’s silly to think just the Lakers pick could get it done
Insanity + troll + poor language skills. 
"Sorry guys it looks like I left my wallet at home, will 20 bucks cover me?"
No. That’s terrible. We have Baynes. 
It was over when Smart missed a contested three in OT :( On to The Process!
If this is the way celtics have to lose on rest, I’m content. It takes two monster games from monster players in an OT game. I’m content with that fact
I fucking hate the people in this subs game threads Jesus Christ it’s one loss calm down
Bad matchup and a loss in a regular season game, no worries 
Can't worry too much about this one. Bad loss, but the Pelicans are a tough matchup for us. But Celtics basketball is back! And we're 34-11 
We just seemed uninspired to me
TERRIBLE game by Kyrie. Tatum needs to shoot more. Why did he only shoot 6 times? 
Questionable rotations at crunch time there? Tatum didn't came back until waay late in the 4th and Rozier on the court over Jaylen or Jayson?
I think bad lineups were what did the celtics in.  not a bad loss though.  tough fight.  
Between Kyrie and Rozier, there were a lot of wasted possessions and bad shots; ultimately it's one game, but it was one ugly fucking game.
THIRTY TWO points off turnovers............thats the game yall.......
Would rather have our streak broken by the Pels, rather than by the Sixers on Thursday
Fuck I just woke up. Didn’t watch any of the game someone summarize 
Other than the third, Kyrie was just off. A bad game by him and Davis going nuclear is a recipe for disaster. I'm just gonna let out a sigh and move on to the next one.
Why does Davis hate us?
i hate having to scroll all the way to the end every time to see points scored
Kyrie has been straight up BAD late in games for a couple months now
Y'all need to just be honest yourselves and call it what is for once. If Brad doesn't check them for this shit ass performance then its going to keep happening. This wasn't the refs, a bad bounce of the ball, or a monster performance by AD, it was our team playing completely selfish down the stretch, taking terrible shots, playing with zero energy on defense, and getting the loss they deserved. Gonna be a lot more of those if this is how they continue to play. 
Kyrie: We can't come back every game, as simple as that.

Fuck this guy. You came back, and were up 5. And then it was you who decided to start playing selfish ass hero ball down the stretch. Man the fuck and admit it, don't talk about "we", it was you who lost the team the game. 
It’s crazy how fickle those threads are. 
Last one im hangin in for while. The negativity is fucking unbearable and completely unnecessary.
its like oh no our 7 game streak ended, time to end the season
I hate the stepback 3’s. He literally made it one time and now he thinks it’s an acceptable shot all the time 
Oh my god shut up with the bad matchup thing. The Pels big men are bad matchups for anyone, but guess what they were 22-20 entering tonight because they aren't a good team and terrible on defense. Our ball movement and shooting should be the bad matchup for them. But nope, Kyrie and Smart wanted to be selfish as fuck down the stretch, just as has happened multiple times this season. 
absolutely. the bad calls were subtle but in a game that goes to overtime, they definitely changed the outcome. The bad travel call that should've been Morris going for free throws, and the missed travel call on AD when he ended up scoring sticks out.
Stupid trade rumors
we did. it went poorly.
People refuse to recognize this, but his tunnel vision has been awful in the 4th the last couple months. 
Fuck the AD to Boston narrative 
he sucks but no way hes taking 7 million. 
Go rewatch the Pacers game
bad habits down the stretch are worrisome, though. like Kyrie's chucking
Oh Kyrie definitely needs to take these shots, but he's taking horrible shots.  Vs Cavs he pump faked for no reason and let Bron close out.  Vs Spurs he takes a drifting fadeaway 3 when all season he's money going straight up in the corner.  Vs Miami he goes for the leaner off the dribble.  Tonight he just does some ISO dribbles as if his opponent doesn't know he's jacking it.  Kyrie's shot selection in key possessions is mind numbingly bad.
Are the pelicans trash now. Aren't they 5 in the West? It took a nuclear Anthony Davis to beat this young Boston team. We lost, oh well it just a meaningless January game. Move on
That was fucking disgusting
the inside out dribble set everything up perfectly and he clearly didn't even plan it. nasty, nasty stuff
Filthy
Ninkovich is like, "Eyyy!" in the slow motion replay
This video quality is as disgusting as that crossover 
What? Are you saying he's a train wreck? That's a weird meme. 
I was at the game. This move and shot got everyone on their feet, and the Garden EXPLODED when he made the block on the other end. It was the loudest I’ve heard the Garden in a while (organically, without the stupid Noise Meter of course).
Am I reading this totally wrong? I’m getting some serious passive aggressive vibes from IT here. Just thre wording...and Why say this on twitter? You have a direct line of communication with the Celtics brass. He wanted *everyone* to see that he had something dedicated to him but it made pierce uncomfortable.


Pierce is a hall of fame all time NBA player, let alone Celtic. If anyone thinks he should be sharing his night with IT , or that it should even be considered and he should be in this position in the first place, you’re wrong. 
Remember guys, this doesn't mean that Paul Pierce is the bad guy here. He didn't ask for any of this and is in a lose-lose situation. 
He should have just let them play the stupid video when he came back a couple weeks ago
This is not a classy move at all he's literally being passive aggressive. Why did he randomly decide to send out a tweet about it and word it in that way. IT deserves to have a video for the 3 years he was here he did a lot for this team, but he does not deserve to share nights with Paul Pierce. 
Holy crap, how is this still a thing?!
It's sad that the "pro-IT" crowd think like this and try to paint everyone that doesn't want an IT video tribute on Paul Pierce's night as not appreciating him or what he did.

It's doubly sad that Pierce had to be put in the situation of saying he didn't want IT's thing to be the same night, so then people are calling him selfish and all this BS when we've known since the summer that this was going to be his night. 

fuck danny ainge
Fuck off with that shit

You’re ridiculous.
I just don’t expect players who get traded to make video series about it to build their brand and then try to usurp another guys jersey retirement night. 
You know, like every other traded player ever.



wrong sub buddy
Fuck off with what? I’m correct.
It already is.

What do you mean?
Yes, him playing in a game is a narrative about the game. 

Him having a tribute video is the narrative that enables this to be a topic that you're commenting on now. Can you seriously not parse the two?
:(
Damn knew he was sick but still sucks to hear. RIP to a Legend
Every time Tatum does some flashy shit, he ends up making the shot. That's going to the front page of r/nba
At the game. This horrendous reffing is gonna cause a riot
Jaylen got mugged twice in a row. Fuck these refs
Refs continue to take over. What a fucking joke. 
what a fucking signing Theis was
THIS IS INSANE!! I JUST BROKE A WINDOW IN MY HOUSE
Fuck it. Marcus you guard AD
Jesus jaylen was shoved out there.. Wtf are refs doing
These refs are absolutely atrocious 
Scary T really forced that one...
Theis with the fucking bounce pass dime /u/fongos where you at 
We’ve had this game so many times and we keep throwing it away. Very annoying.
such a terrible loss 

5 pt lead with a min left can't happen
These fucking refs
Dude what in the fucking world are these refs
Brad is mad, watch out world
First time in awhile I’ve been disappointed in our late game execution. 
possessions with both kyrie and jaylen not touching the ball are not preferable
I absolutely hate this ref crew and not because there's a woman.. all 3 just suck balls and are inconsistent as fuck.
Jaylen is getting hammered the fuck ref.
Davis has end game numbers already. I can't imagine what his stat line will be at the end.
I don't even want AD after I heard he ignored Abby's question about C's interest in him. How FUCKING dare he? That's Abby MOTHERFUCKING Chin!
FUCKING THEISSSSS
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!! OH MY FUCKING GOD
OVERTIME.. Holy shit it's been awhile. LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Listening on the radio, and Max had to step away because of Jo Jo White :( Even before he left the broadcast, you could tell how upset he was.
That break did not do Kyrie any favors, he's ice cold
I hope Kyrie pulls out an efficient 20 in the second half because this is the worst I've seen him play in just about every regard.
Kyrie is cold as ice
When I turned the game on at 6min in the second, there was a two minute stretch where every single possession had a BLATANT foul that was not called. No wonder players are flipping out and getting T's and ejections at a record rate, the refs are literally lost
DUDE ABSOLUTELY FUCK THESE REFS
How was that a fucking travel?
IM SO HARD RN JAYLEEEEEN
This is why everyone should chill with the insane amount of Kyrie bashing, he usually always pulls through for us
Sigh. Such a bad loss. Such a bad fucking shot. 
The Pelicans look fucking giant. When I visited NOLA, I compared my arm span to AD's and the difference is CRAZY. 
MORRIS JUST FUCK EVERYONE UP PLEASE
Tatum is a beast, a fucking beast
YOOO WTF JAYLEN MADE A PASS THAT I DID **NOT** KNOW WAS IN HIS BAG OF TRICKS
Jesus Christ give us a fucking call.  NBA refs stay being the worst in pro sports 
Nephew FUCK this officiating crew son FUCK that
I AM FUCKING HYPED. ARE YA'LL FUCKING HYPED?~!!!!
Time for Kyrie to take over the game
What was mad Brad mad about? I was upvoting fongos comments and missed it
Ugly shot from Kyrie, but makes it up with the steal.
this offense is so bad sometimes 
Awful loss 
what an awful game holy shit
Welp bad late game execution all around both in the fourth and overtime. Winnable game. Onto Philly. 
CALL A FUCKING TIMEOUT WHY
How the hell are the pelicans this bad?  They shoot 49 percent from the field on average.  
That terrifying moment when you realize you're on the Pelicans stream
Still never forget that Miami game when Wade literally dislocated Rondo’s elbow and Rondo came back and finished the game
Seriously how can you guys like Cousins? His demeanor, his grimace, behavior, appearance, mood he's always in, it's always just so off putting
HOLY SHIT TATUM!

Wheres the fucking foul
boogie always lookin mad confused  everytime he commits a blatent foul
Jaylen...that was the worst alley attempt I've ever seen.
Marcus is having a game today.
Rozier has (at least temporarily) returned to Earth after this past month he’s had
Kyrie what the fuck...
In our heart Daniel theis play on forever in game and always he will play in there and create them shots for the team I promise it's my guarantee
Our D has been terrible in this OT dont deserve the W
Dumb hero ball shot from Kyrie....
GG. Too many stupid shots at the end of the game. 
If we lose against those trash 6ers I will be mad 
Awful shot by Smart hahah
Why does Smart feel compelled to take that 3. He’s a defensive savant but an offensive fucking idiot 
Boys. Please stop talking about Davis. He's not coming here and it makes us all look bad. 
Man two bigs is scary for our team. Granted it’s two of the bet in the league, we just don’t have the bigs for that. 
Is anyone listening on the radio? What happened with maxwell just heard him say he can’t finish the game.
JAYSON TATUM SO DIRTY, GRONK SENT HIM SOME TIDE PODS.
TATUM IS FILTHY OMG
holy FUCK
Layups are hard, huh Pelicans?
Call some fucking fouls jesus
Yo how was Jaylen not fouled on either of those plays? wtf
These refs are terrible 
Crap half of basketball.  Let's get it back in the third. 
Yo these refs are really fucking up not blaming the game on 'em...
FUCKING YEAH!!!!
Sit the fuck down Cousins
W.T.F. refs let us fucking play
These fucking refs...
What the fuck AD
fuck these refs. that is all.
Rozier is playing quite dumb
I got goosebumps, and it's not just because I'm too lazy to put on some pants and a hoodie and bend over to turn on my space heater
Theis getting his passing inspiration from watching the GOAT this past weekend
BRAD IS MAD 
Legend says that theis drinks three beers before every game 
#WTF JUST HAPPENED TO THEIS
Dude what the fuck is Tatum doing on the bench?
Kyrie made up for that shot with that slick af steal
First brown sitting for extended minutes and now Tatum this has been a weird ass game 
This is probably the worst officiating I've seen all season
sick layup.. bad timining leaving 12 secs left
Damn I hate not getting last shot in a tie game. 
Fucking Davis man...
Cousins has 5 fouls.

Theis is locking him the fuck down.

He gone before the period ends.
kyrie's shirt is tucked in? It looks so weird
Sorry ridiculous smart is in over Tatum. 
We had this game in hand multiple times and threw it away with terrible offensive possessions. Deserve this L
I'm sick if this fucking hero ball shit get it to the open man!
Kyrie traps Tatum into an impossible shot...it just seems like Kyrie isn't even in the game...maybe he forgot to come back into his body after his transcendental meditation? 
Getting screwed out of a point when Jaylen is fouled on a three is annoying 
Holy shit Davis is so crazy athletic for someone his size
SELF PASS, BITCH
WHAT A LEGEND 

Scary Terry, Bitch.
You can run but you can't hide, bitch.
Man AD is fucking unbelievable.
AD  is absurd 
Can't even set a fucking pick for Kyrie??
This might be the horniest game thread I have ever seen
Aight boys, time to claim the game
INSANE BY TATUM
Watching a shitty stream of the game rather than nbatv and having to listen to their moronic announcers. 
Kyrie has had a hard time getting to the rim lately
They need to call on both sides. This is just some annoying shit
Jesus boogie that flop was laughably bad
Every close call has gone the pelicans way, wtf is happening
Holtkamp is fucking blind
#KYRIE AND JAYLEN ARE GETTING IN THE GAME 7/11
Fuck these refs
IT'S A 3 PARADE
we cant buy a fucking foul and then they call Smart on that fucking bullshit
These refs are a fucking joke. 
The fucking refs all have a god dam vendetta against us.
5v8 all quarter and we still cut into the halftime deficit at least
Terrible shot Tro come on
Random clark
#FUCK YES
Are D becomes lock down when in tough situations 
This offense is so bad 
Terrible call
How in the fuck is that a foul on Marcus 
Fuck these flops
Kyrie needs to cut this hero ball crap in the 4th he does it so much 
Lets fucking goooooo!!!
Clutch as fuck
Not happy with a Marcus 3
We have thrown away this game like 4 times
Bro why is Tatum not in wtf
The offense from the end of the 4th onwards was pathetic. So many times this season it has been the Kyrie chuck and brick show late in games. 
Kyrie is 0-5. Holy fuck dude, step up. 
bricked so hard u cudnt hear it
Why do the refs hate my baby Marcus Smart
Brad gave this game away by holding out Tatum and Brown too long.  GG coach
I mean seriously, how many terrible shots can they take? They deserve to lose this one, maybe then they can reflect on the bullshit they've been calling basketball. 
Jaylen too big, black, and scary to get calls. That’s just how it is 
Tatum still hasn’t shot wtf not even Kyrie and wtf horford doing 
Anthony Davis 

Is really just one ugly man. But come and play for us. 
SCARY TERRY
Horrible quarter. Exerted all that energy to give back the lead and chip away only 3 points.
God I hate Smart. I say it every game. Yes I know he is quality for us blah blah but I hate his late game execution. 
It's not over til the lost game thread is posted. 
The greasy slicked back hair ref is a fucking cunt 
Shouldn't have even gone to OT

Fuck these officials 
Noooo they’re cutting away from Tatum getting ROTM award
Since when does Cousins hit that shot? That was dirty as hell not gonna lie
Fuck. I think some of Tatum's powers were transferred to his son
Gotta respect that hustle from AD, not many star bigs are gonna hit the floor like that. 
Refs been fucking us all game
That was fucking disgusting by Cousins. That laziness just pissed me off and im rooting against them
Can someone explain why I can’t watch this game on NBC Boston? 
these fucking refs aren't calling fouls on our drives
Kyrie having a tough game so far.
Damn there goes morris again with his silly unmakeable shots
Is Jaylen hurt or something weird for him to come out when he just checked in
Kyrie has been so inefficient lately.
For anyone wondering why people want Anthony Davis in Boston so bad, this is why 
Tied game bitchez!
Kyrie went on this sub and saw everyone saying shit during half, he came out to play!
Lmao Davis has almost half the Pels' points that is insane. Imagine if he keeps that % up by the end of the game, we're looking at Booker's 70 2.0
I mean... How Brad can do this stuff? Everytime we end the half losing he somehow finds a way to pick up the thing and get back to the game...
The paint must be terrifying with Cousins and AD in there...
Wow...  That was a sick block by Davis...
 what's wrong with Tommy?
AD should be on one of those "Doctors Hate Him" ads on those sites I don't know of.
FUCK OFF REFS MY GOD
Why the fuck do I have to watch this on NBATV where theyre just gonna be talking over the game the entire time?
What the fuck refs....
Ian Clark is too nasty to play behind Jrue mans.
We’re playing sloppily in transition. Both on offense and defense. 
I'm assuming Baynes is finishing the game today.
My stream behind so I knew he made the three hahah
THIS IS IT!! FUCK YEAH!!!!
the body language of Boogie is not good.
Defense been so sick.. Pels only have 9 pts in 4th Q.
Terrible possession...
Why are we trying to throw this game away.....
Jesus titty fucking christ
This lineup is ugly.
Kyrie :(
Wtf is that wheel tattoo on the back of kyries neck?
The fuck refs, cmon review that shit. 
Where was the fucking foul...
What an AWFUL call
This is why you can't give up a 5 point lead with bad offensive possessions.  The refs have an agenda...
Lock down on defense!!!
What a game
game on baby.
Impossible shot? No biggie for Smart
Brutal 
Oh Morris... close :(
NOOO FUCK 
Fucking A
really gave this game away with bad offense for the last 8 minutes.
Game over...
At least use a screen for godsake! 
Ugh. Too much sloppy play.
Bad game by the C's.  It happens but fuck it sucks. 
Bad night for Brad.  Between not calling a TO there and the botched lineups to end the 4th, the game was lost
Bad loss but whatever. 
Tired of the hero ball shit at the end of games. Up five with a min to go and guys are chucking up contested 3s. Inexcusable for Brad to be letting guys take difficult contested shots WHEN WE ARE UP FIVE WITH A MINUTE TO GO.
Stupid shot from Kyrie 
Brad just fucking butchered the rotation the last 3 minutes.  Terrible.
Sorry if this has been answered before but wheres Tommy? Home game and hes not doing it?

edit: nvm read he has the flu
weak call
jesus christ wtf is this ball movement
Kyrie has been lowkey awful recently 
Might be the worst qtr Kyrie has played for us
Refs on some bullshit damn they bend so bad 
Lost the game solely on the two phantom fouls for AD at the end of the fourth.

Don't blame OT for a game that never should have gotten there.
I thought Tatum was out for  the game in the 4th  then he comes back in waaay late in the 4th. What gives?
These last 3 offensive possessions have been terrible. 
Ainge needs to have dinner reservations for Himself, Wyck, and the Davis/Pelicans camp for after this game. Get the ball rolling on this trade if they can.
Seriously. Is no one going to tell Kyrie to stop taking garbage shots. You think any of the Pelicans players had any doubt he was about to chuck up some trash? This is fucking garbage, but these guys are going to act like nothing is wrong just because they're 34-11. 
This crowd is quiet. Must still feel bad for our gate bros. 
I'm sorry, I don't like those dance outfits at all tonight.
Kyrie that was the worst airball of all time. What in the fuck was that?
Wow... That was a bad turn of events
Every fucking game we come out looking like shit
Baynes struggling on defense =((
Morris WTF!!!!!!!
Kyrie needs to get engaged in this game
NO MORE THREES PELASE
Marcus is dumb. 
You were up by five for 3 possessions, got two terrible plays by Kyrie and a Marcus airball. You play like shit down the stretch and you deserve to lose, simple as that. 
cut Kyries minutes for Rozier this game
Wtf
Wtf kyrie
This stinks
also ... Morris the only one going for the Oreb is bad effort by Tatum, Brown, Horford

In that situation EVERYONE goes for the Oreb
Can't complain about fouls when you had every chance to ice the game. 
Welp game. We choked away the lead too many times. Pathetic.
Wtf is Kyrie doing
This going to overtime doesn't erase the fact Kyrie was fucking terrible late. 
DOWNVOTE IF YOU AGREE THESE FUCKING REFS SUCK
If this shit continues. BURN IT DOWN!!!!
Guilty
Man I did too. This wasn't a bad loss. It was a fun game.
woman wasn't the worst, number 4 is getting paid bank by vegas...
Fucking preach.
he's been off the past 5 ish games
Way less sticky, at the very least.
lots this year.  dude became vegan and lost that muscle to launch late in games.
Exactly. Casual fans don't know he's under contract until 2021. NO has absolutely no reason to trade him
#8 did nothing wrong there. The guy swung so he wrapped him up, he could have wailed on the dude having him in that headlock but he didn't. If he gets ejected then that's poor officiating.  

Edit: don't know what's up with the font size. 
!WRONG!
I mean Davis and Boogie combined for 30 rebounds alone so what are you gonna do
Dude's long as fuck
I think Brad's trying to go small and get some mismatch going on Boogie
You can tell he's getting frustrated out there 
yup, that lost the game.
Seriously.

Ignoramuses saying we overpaid for Kyrie.

We played from a double digit deficit in a 5v8 game. Fuck these refs. Pels doubled us on FT attempts.

And fuck Rondo for remembering literally everything about Boston basketball.
He's sick I think 
Injuries, Gelling, turnovers, bad defense, playing in the west.
Theis will finish the game
I feel like you can see it on his face when he's locked in and feeling his game.  This team fucks. 
Because he usually plays the 4 at crunch time but they need 2 bigs.
Bad passes left and right too, just seems sloppy as hell tonight.
Fuck the Lakers
There was 2 plays in a row where the player missed off his pass but scored right after with a pass from someone else. I feel bad for him.
Seriously why the fuck was Tatum out so long? Brad messed up there.
The shot selection has been absolutely atrocious.
he looked horrible out there tonight other than a couple plays.  Probably has knee and baby issues.
Tommy’s sick. Flu or something 
Wtf did you just say bro?
Tommy got the fucking flu and if you disrespect him again, I'll have him cough on you.
terry fucked up a 3-on-1 a minute ago
Your last 456 comments have been terrible
Just ate my fucking words I guess
He’s not always wrong, I’m just kinda confused why he watches. Like first masochistic fan I’ve ever seen
Terrible
Don’t you fucking dare..
We have the 
#L O N G B O I
You mean you didn't love when Marcus jacked up that three for some God awful reason?
What the fuck are you talking about
implying the game is over
Very dead 
We got beat by Anthony fucking Davis
He’s sick
Yea that was ridiculous by Stevens
You mean kidnap them? They have no reason to trade their superstar
Do you ever check your post history and realize how negative of a person you are?
according to you every game is a shit show
It was blocked you moron
Do you even like this fucking team? Why don't you just fuck off to r/nba and spare us the fucking cancer.
Probably tired of kyries shit
Wasn’t even a travel. Holtkamp is fucking blind.
He's playing organic basketball and not forcing plays. I think Kyrie is playing the way he needs to play. The rest of the team is ice cold off his dime passes.
I still think ur an idiot 
No, it's just one game.
Yeah it’s just weird how people group them together because they are on the same team
And insanely scary
That's crazy
I didn't make excuses. I stated what is happening. They're bad defensively, we're bad offensively, Rondo is picking us apart.
Yeah he made some shots, but he's made some awful plays which is unlike him usually.  I mean I expect some hero ball out of him but there's been some straight head scratchers tonight.  
Yeah but energy alone hes always bring 100% all the time. Not that Baynes and Theis aren't but Dancing Yabuswole can run the floor hard and take contact.
Smart took two terrible shots in OT. He got lucky one went in but that three was AWFUL and early in the shot clock irc. The turnaround j was Garbo too just fell 
Pick and roll puts a longer guy on him at the perimeter. Either way they know he’s shooting the three it’s gonna be a tough shot for anyone there. Rather shoot over Jrue than long ass AD 
It’s a problem when it happens consistently as opposed to IT last year in the 4th down the stretch kyries gets crazy fucking tunnel vision and tries to be a hero 
#FUCK THR LAKERS 
Didn't know he had the flu, was just curious why Scal was in. I know he's a legend and all, but Tommy is beyond terrible at his job, and Scal is a huge improvement over him. 
Or at least the ISS
Bad bot
just the lethargic start, slow passes etc

nothing to do with the score



I think adjustments will come but until then it is brutal at times 
And insanely terry
Not just that shot, he went 2-7 in the last 5 minutes + OT with really poor shot selection. I really like Kyrie, but this was s bad have for him.
That's what I figured.  Must have been close if he couldn't do the game. 
Bored Lakers fan.
You are a fucking pathetic troll 
So being 1st in the east is not great?
Insanely Scary Terry?
Checking the box score, he went 5-14 and -19, team-worst. It was a bad game even based on the eye test. 
We’ll hang up a division banner, also you’re a fucking idiot if you think standings don’t matter
It's bout to be crazy, G
Why would this be a story on first take 

“Look. Stephen A. For a player who hasn’t played at all this season. For him to encourage his teammates to not want to play is awful”

“Max I agree with everything you said except for the fact that I disagree with everything you just said “ 
Its not a joke its just stupid 
A serious injury that way is literally impossible to happen
you sat on this for almost an entire month to comment something very mediocre on a thread that was a joke. You mightve taken the bigger L tonight Sampa, and that is truly saying something 
What keep rondo guy? Why are you posting useless shit?
Uh oh you're getting madder. You're just a Kyrie dick sucker
I just spit facts while you're a Bronsexual disgusting yourself as a Celtics fan.
Nobody else except other morons
also kyrie but duh
Play Type|	Kyrie 2017-18|	Kyrie 2016-17
---|---|---
P&R Ball Handler|	35%|	40%
Isolation|	18%|	25%
Hand-off|	14%|	6%
Off Screen|	10%|	5%
Spot-up|	10%|	9%

showing this to anyone who doesn't think his game has changed.
Sam Vecenie felt the same discussing All-NBA on his podcast. Horford's defensive impact is difficult to quantify with stats and habitually underrated.
Idk what the fuck this dude is talking about. Kyrie is averaging 24/3.5/5 on the highest TS% (and PER) of his career on some of the lowest MPG of his career.

He has also improved rather substantially on defense.

How is this slumping?
No one fucking cares G, Mickey was a G league superstar too and look how that panned out. Just stop
The talent level is lower but shooting well is shooting well. I don't know why he doesnt hit his open 3s in game for the Celtics the few times he plays. 
he went 3 for 10 from 3 in this game. not great. 
Websites like these usually do this to prevent suing or getting shut down for copyright.
That would have been an awkward ride down if she said no lol
Actually I feel like they are, there's a dude that walks by at like 10 seconds in both shots...kinda weird. 
I have no interest in AB. He’s just not good.
Fuck AB. Might as well trade for Fultz while we're at it. Maybe beg Darko to come out of retirement too.
Hayward's injury would have been irrelevant anyway.  It was the Kyrie trade that led us to having an open spot and hasn't changed since.
I read it all, not sure what I missed.
It's unrelated to the Hayward injury (in a way). They assumed that the reason we didn't pick anybody up after the injury was because we were already at 15 players, 14 players + 1 injured Hayward. It wasn't, we have injured Hayward, so now we can sign another player

Regardless, it's still weird reasoning and confusing wording. We had a ton of talk on this sub about who to sign with the DPE, so it's arguably common knowledge that we had an open spot
>Mentions Luca Donic and getting the Lakers picks

*Ivan’s anger intensifies*
Who's Ivan? Sorry if Its a stupid question
Ehhh he's a little raw, but I feel his length is sick he really could be a Gobert type defender someday 
You watching this game? Davis is a beast. 17 points in the 1st quarter. Imagine that guy on your squad. 
Assuming they’ll recall him for tomorrow’s game or Thursday’s?
I mean the town Mainered.
Kid you have no clue what you are talking about.  He absolutely sucks.
You're either a solid troll or a moron.  
https://www.basketball-reference.com/euro/players/anthony-bennett-1.html 
You are either a troll or a moron.
This has got to be one of the dumbest things I've read on here.  Tons of teams go through lulls.  Look at the fucking Sixers, they regularly choke away 20 point leads.  The Warriors almost did the same against the Raptors.  Basketball is a game of runs. Literally EVERY TEAM looks like shit for minutes/quarters at a time. 
No, it isn’t. They are horrible. 
Sorry guys, I don't always understand family scenarios. So Brad is a grandfather?
theis twice babyyyyy, mad hype
The only thing that I could complain about when it comes to our draft situation is we can't get Bagley because we can't get the #1 pick no matter what.

If that even qualifies as a real complaint
That will negatively impact his hops. 
It isn’t even that broken anymore,
....
If he is playing hard why can’t he defend well against college kids?
Fuck you
Poor DJax :(
Ah man...I hope some of these kids pan out. Reminds me of thinking JaJuan Johnson was our next KG. :(
I mean, Shane Larkin is on the team. I think he's worse than Dinwiddie. 
Can't we trade Morris (for Mirotic)? Sorry if I seem stupid but I do not know whether a player can be traded or not.

I was just thinking of our bench's shooting woes. Also, Irving-Brown-Tatum-Mirotic-Horford is uber-DEADLY offensively.
This trade is awful
The Duke game at 7pm...

Get to watch Marvin Bagley
Everybody vote for Tatum for the all star game 
How bad?
Durant is not happening because Curry will drag him down. Lebron can’t finish 3rd seed and expect to get it. Should be Hardens to lose but voters hate Harden. I get BBref is stat based but taking all the X-factors into account I’d give Kyrie like 15-20%
i agree that he's criminally underrated, didn't mean to disrespect horford, though i guess in hindsight laughing is somewhat disrespectful.  just not who you expect to see.  I guess their model factors players' efficiency and defense
Because the Celtics have played one game for the past week and don't play again until Tuesday.
He’s at a shoot for JBL according to his snap story. So, if nothing else, least he can drive and move around 
It is frustrating not seeing any updates yet. 


1 thing: Blocks Per Game....
Ayton=1.5bpg
Bamba=4.5 bpg

Just something to take into concideration
> is if Ayton just doesn't give a fuck about basketball.

Based on some interviews I've watched, this appears to be a legit possibility.
No it doesn't.



-The shot might not have gone in.


-You might not gain possession from a block. 





That's not to say blocks are useless but they tend to get overated. Blocking 4 shots a game is insane but that's a difference of 8 points AT MOST. 


Scoring is the only thing that directly contributes to points in a basketball game.
I will have to take a look. Although I may just be setting myself up for heart break like everyone else. Fucking Lakers, you know Magic has some deep hate for us!
They have an 8 million DPE, I think they're going to at least explore options with that....
Twitter: the goat is at the game and Tom Brady is too.
No fongos he didn’t mean it plz don’t leave us
What a terrifying language 
Hey bro go fuck yourself the trash bros will be embarrassed yet again by LeBron. 
I’m fucking tired of hearing this statement 
This is just sad. Go back to Canada commie.
This guy is making 3ITKH look like a die hard. 
I don’t see an ounce of knowledge in this comment anywhere. So what if they make millions of dollars? Analysts get paid millions of dollars and they are wrong a lot of the time. 
OMG Brad isn’t letting his team get arrogant so they start believing the hype and sabotage themselves 😱

Hey, reminder: You can always fuck off 
I don't know if we can let you say "we." Your fake bro.
You're a raptors fan doucebag suck my dick. Trash bros disappear when it matters hell they lost to the Celtics this year with no Kyrie pathetic. 
You're annoyingly agressive. The RFA market is going to be very bad this summer. There's a chance we can get Smart on a reasonable deal. I'd rather have him for the rest of the season with a chance to re-sign him than another late pick or a veteran backup. 
 Al played he had 21/3/4 in that game.
maybe chimezie metu? im not sure who's gonna be there at 27-30.
I hope someone gets dumb and Doncic slips to 2
I'm not worried, they beat the worst team in the nba, worst team in the west, Spurs without like 4 rotation players, and the Mavs. They'll come back down soon
Fuck BBB we talmbout JJJ ya digg
The fucking ringer has got to stop writing dumbass articles about teams

Edit: can’t spell
So you're saying it's a bad comparison...
Fuck
Well lets just hope its nothing, least he has awhile before next game. 
Ah, Brad with the ‘ol “He’s sick so he can stay home” trick. Oldest one in the book yet. Being “sick” will give JT plenty of time with the baby.
When I tore my ACL my knee was very weak and very stiff from all the swelling. That being said, I was quite sure something was very wrong immediately after he injury. 
Dude, rookies are evaluated for injuries all the time. Their bodies are still growing so it can be difficult to tell what the cause and source of the pain is for these guys. I'm not worried about this at all, I think this is a PR strategy from the team.
A lot of fans have their favorites. Doesn’t mean they don’t root for the rest of the team. 
That poor baby would be demolished by the ball with the bullet passes our guards throw. 
I don't know man. Those Tatum genes. He's probably got a sick crawlover
It's a reactionary comment to a thread about a player being hurt. What's the problem? I would imagine at worst the people in this thread would be moderate Tatum fans.
A lot of his misses are when he's right under the rim. He is exceptionally bad at just putting the ball off the backboard without exposing it. 
I agree, but I think that’s just something that comes with experience. Tatum looks awful on some of his finishes too, just a thing that gets easier with time
Well we've learned that Jayson is apparently not good with the pull out game
You want to give up draft picks for a guy who doesn’t look like he belongs in NBA 80% of the time? I could see taking a shot on a guy like this but I wouldn’t want to give up a 1st rounder or 2 seconds because he once had 28 points in a game and shot 5/5 from 3 in a game 3 years ago. This seems like a major stretch for no real reason. 
Doc Brown, Scary Terry, Australia, Mahcus Smaht
cringing so hard at the thought of any of these suggestions being shouted at our players within earshot. yikes
I'm always gonna be a T-Ro guy for Terry because of [this](https://youtu.be/DsXRWlKbdcc) (around halfway in). T-Ro > Scary Terry >>>>...>>> any variation on Tito
Bad Boy Jonas Jerebko
this sub is OBSESSED
Shane "Small fundamental" Larkin
Exactly Fongos, if we can't have Jonas the Savior, we should at least be allowed to call Daniel Theis "Bad Boy Jonas Jerebko". 
A fuck load of Fortnite and They are Billions. 
> 2k...As much as I like the game, I also fucking hate that game.



Me with Fortnite BR
Trust me they did all the Easter conference teams wrong. Ronnie2k has a hard on for rockets, warriors and Lebron
I actually like where the shooting meter is now.

But ya fuck the unskippable cutscenes. I feel like 50% of the game is cutscenes and waiting for things to load
Or I'll just get every chest I can, get 3-4 kills, then turn a corner and get blasted in 1 shot by a pump shot gun by a guy with his one shot gun and a bandage and die. -.-
Then there's the method of pretending you know what you're doing by building a kickass base only to find out you're not in the zone and get sniped from some asshole you could never even see
You're playing a dangerous game, friend.
We get the 2019 philly pick. That would be worst case scenario 
Two words, Anthony Davis 😎

Seriously speaking, idk if there is anybody out there. Doug McD?!?!?
No wonder in December his shooting average took a bit of a dip, babies are exhausting enough to throw anybody off their game. 
Poor fella. Not even a year in the league and already tied down. RIP Tatum 
So dumb.  There goes half the money you haven't made yet.
Fuck. Im 19 and i haven’t even gotten to second base and this mans got a child.

The fuck 
This man is 19 years old getting buckets in the NBA and now he has a fucking kid. That’s crazy, wonder who the mom is 🤔
Seriously, holy shit. Did *anyone* know this was coming? That's crazy
I'm older than Tatum's mom? What the fuck!?! 
There’s a legitimate chance of them playing in the league together, that’s pretty sick
Sorry guys, don't want to reveal my identity on Reddit
You mean the Tatmum?
The average is like 28 or some shit. When you look at it that way, it doesnt seem as weird as say people having kids in their 40s.
This is actually a really bad situation especially since he’s already together with another girl 
This should have nothing to do with his basketball game. Imho, whether Danny knew or not, he didn't give a shit.
Idk tbh it’s not as weird as you’re describing it, considering there are people who end up having kids at a younger age...
What do you mean by that?
I'm old enough that it'd actually be weird if I dated his mom.  I mean not that weird, but like a little.  (I'm 49 in two weeks)
At least he's got the money. Look at Travis Henry.
Scary Terry III
I mean, just because they still have a close relationship doesn't mean he's still sleeping with her. She is the mother of his child. 
Damn.. poor Jayson
She just put “Not mine, sorry to disappoint” on her ig story 
Looks like it got banned by the Reddit admins. Unfortunately we can't do anything about it at this end.
Thrice as Scary
Any speculation is idiotic. He had a kid. Not like he got arrested or something.
Ahh my bad, thanks!
Life's tough dating a multimillionaire.
Way fucking weirder. 
:(
Don't get your dick hard. KAT isn't getting traded. 
KATs going to be expensive too. Like Jayson Tatum plus another guy or pick expensive
Doctors are known to be wrong. Let’s prayward that they are for Hayward
Why would you be taking into account the worst possible outcome from before we knew what he had actually injured? This doc was likely assuming things that we now know to be false. 
Yeah that's what that doctor on Twitter said too! Just hard to believe
If you go to the Lakers reddit they’d say he is worse than Kuzma tho 
Yeah this place was brutal after that trade. Not exaggerating when I say 9 out of 10 comments were of the variation of “fuck Ainge”. People just need to relax and trust a knowledgeable FO
Call me crazy but I see the future in Tatum. I’ve already seen teams built around AD and I don’t like em.
I’m sorry you don’t refer to him as President Stevens? Have some respect for the office please. 
Do I have to be going to a game to get these or is there a gift store thing I can just go in and buy this?
It’s fake 
You’ll overspend for stuff in there that you can buy elsewhere. 

If you want to give a gift get tickets to a game for the two of you. Nothing beats that. 
I don't ask the price, I just hold up a $10 and say the size I need. They might say $20 or $40 (if its a weekend), but I just hold the bill up, and they usually take it. These guys are sharks though, so your experience may vary.
I ain't tryina get my boyfriend's sister's boyfriend tickets to a game that I wouldn't go to. xD
To add on to it, don't walk up like you're confused about what you want. Set your mind on something and go up to them determined. They usually won't try to shark you as hard.
Philly fans are the worst, just looking for something to justify their losing.
Woulda been kinda fucked up to give us a shitty rim one half then fix it for the second half 
We do play small ball basketball so its not a biggie
Still sad about IT :(
Woke as fuck.
go fuck yourself bot
that would make Jae Crowder so mad
Fuck AD. I'll keep Tatum, Brown, and  Horford.
Fuck no.

Theis and Baynes do not deserve that. Neither does Al


No cheering for him.


I don't think we should, Jae might be unhappy if we do.
After yesterday’s game Marcus all the way.

That 20 point deficit in the first half was all Rozier from the second be stepped on the floor until they pulled him off and then the C’s started the comeback. Dumb shots, turnovers, terrible D everything was terrible for Terry.

At least with Marcus you know he’s gonna help in other ways if his shots aren’t going in but T-Ro just implodes.
How can you going to possibly hold yesterday's game as an argument for Marcus over Terry, when Marcus has had countless awful games this season.  Marcus is the king of terrible shots and turnovers that make you scratch your head.  I'll give you the defense on Marcus, but the shot selection and turnovers isn't a good argument when you are trying to pick Marcus over someone else.
No, it's the NBA. You play 82 games you're bound to lose to the worst team at some point 
I don't think Kyrie took his middle school library class very seriously. C'mon man, gotta go to the .gov and .edu IG feeds...
I had a bad feeling this was going to happen. Please don’t say anything stupid Kyrie. Please don’t say anything stupid Kyrie. Please don’t say anything stupid Kyrie. Please don’t say anything stupid Kyrie.
I'm still convinced Kyrie is just fucking with everybody
There's A LOT of shady shit that happened on 9/11. 
So flat-earthers aren't stupid? Because Kyrie is a flat-earther.
What are you on about?  Why do you care if he says something stupid?  How would that affect you?
Pretty elaborate attempt to make people think he's an idiot.  Is there a point to making people think he's an idiot?
  What's the goal there?
Yes x2

Sizing Embiid up for the baseline jumper was slick
Nah not at all.. people like Tatum because he doesn't miss a shot and is crazy poised and athletic. Not just because he's a rookie.  
  
JB's mistakes are clear-- and can be seen without any comparison to JT.  JB is just so raw and it comes out as turnovers and mental mistakes.
Am I the only one who thought those NBA TV announcers were awful? I just got annoyed listening to the game and had to mute the game even when the Celtics were winning. 
Horford on simmons was crutial matchup. When a biger body is on simmons he isn't dangerous because he can't shot the three ball and yet he can't attack someone who is soo bigger than him
Philly started and ended the game with 7-0 runs.  It was just the 43 minutes between those where they were outscored by 25 that did them in.
Literally I think the only words one of them knew were Simmons, Process, Aggressive. And that’s it, he would literally miss a shot and the announcers would say yeah but did you see how aggressive he was. So bad.
That combined with the crowd on life support made for a terrible broadcast.
they aint wrong
I can't wait for the morons to try and make this into a story. 
Why is downvoted wtf
And Tatum's dad is a basketball coach. He has been playing organized basketball longer than Jaylen. Fuck the Jaylen haters
Sorry but I think you meant banner 19
Because shooting 40% is pretty damn bad 
FUCK 
I can stand Barry, but man can Reggie shut the fuck up litterally makes no insight at all, might as well be Captain Hindsight
Reggie is the worst. I wish we could mute commentators because I love Marc Albert. 

I got league pass. All the national games fuck up my shit 
I also hate how he constantly backs 1 team and barely mentions the other team.
I hated Miller's commentary a few years ago but I feel he has improved a lot.
Hubie’s another broadcasting legend who’s unfortunately just past his prime.
Bruh Durant uses fake Twitter handles to defend himself onljne
None of that shows how he is wrong. And while you may not apprecjate some of his opinions, that does not go to whether they are wrong.
If you like trump you’re a fucking moron brother
He had some terrible finishes today. Wish he would actually improve on those. 
He was literally +34 on the floor in todays game, highest of any Celtic
Yes, but he had some terrible finishes so that automatically negates his positive impact on the court!!!
*Prime Minister Brad, at least today
I think this kid was in our game thread. 
Which was unfortunately the case for a lot of people sucky thing about time zones :/
Absurd stat 
The Warriors are 7 and 7 when down 17 plus points so not a winning record. Just heard it on The Jump. 
Groovy Baby!!!! You're an artist, this is ridiculous.
You're my fucking hero!
This made my bloody day!  Thank you! 😂
FUCK YEAAAHHHH!!!!
hahahah seriously
Ben Simmons is a fake rookie.
Offense straight up took over the 2nd half.. Morris and tatum were downright nasty!
Brown and Tatum are going to be serious
Charles Barkley, Dr j and Rocky can all go fuck themselves. 
The salt about the still broken shooting motion from fultz is tasty. 
Man I hate the Sixers and their salty ass fand
Joel Embiid is an average player if he doesn't shoot 10 FT's a game.
I missed the last 8 minutes :( But we already asserted our dominance by then. Jaylen and Jayson tore it up!
Theis defended Embiid quite well late in the game
yes, fuck you philly!
I promise I won't bully the unfortunate.
I won’t, but I want to so bad. I hate the sixers 
He technically *is* fake so I don’t get how he gets roty consideration 
Conference Semi finals Game 7 2012
I'm tired of just tasting him

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCl5azduFr8
That was weird 
They come back every game. And they act like their lame ass quitting is understandable.

We the fucking C E L T I C S. It's not luck. Auerbach has our backs.
I've procrastinated the task every year. But the salt all over my non-waterproof shoes and sometimes soggy socks/tights is now one of the worst feelings ever!
You mean Tebucky Jones
Tatum is so sick.  Love seeing him go iso a ton this game.
GARBAGE. 
Fuck embiid. 
Fuck Ben Simmons. 
And fuck all the 76rs.
I said it before ill say it again: Fultz take notes
sixers fans wanted so bad for him to do poorly today.... they're very insecure about fultz rn 
I can’t believe his shot is still broken. 

Danny is a fucking God
This nbatv announcer fucking sucks
lmfao that fucking troll that said it was over when we were down 22, go figure they're fucking gone now
u/3ITKH has been mad quiet this quarter
We Gino-ing a game we were losing by 22
fucking redick with tattoo tears like he's in a gang or some shit
The NBA.tv announcers are awful. Boring as shit.
FUCK THE PROCESS
What a moron
Simmons a little bitch. Fucking twat. 
Jaylen "fuck outta here" Brown
Ah yes, the patented "Celtics explode in the 4th and make a close game a Gino"
McConnell too scurred of Scary Terry passes off to Embiid and gets nothing!
Fuck cheese steaks. 
Watching the pre-game show. The fact that Tommy can say something like "In the old days when I would guard Wilt." is just fucking mind blowing. Living legend. 
Stream link for anyone who needs it: [http://nbastreams.pw/joker.php?stream=aHR0cHM6Ly9uYmFscC5ha2FtYWl6ZWQubmV0L2hscy9saXZlLzU2Nzg4OC9QUk9ELTAwMjE3MDA2MTQtSE9NRS1FTi9tYXN0ZXIubTN1OA==](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DIpvBonXoAAEIhl.jpg)
FUCKING THE RINGER
why is larkin in the game

kyrie had 4 days off put him in 
Wtf are y’all worried for its the sixers LMAOOOO
Who was the moron saying we can't compare Tatum to Simmons?
By the way fuck celticsblog.com
This has a weird G/Summer league feel to it
FUCK THE RINGER
Not that this game has been fun, but some you guys need to chill. Game threads this season have been exceedingly negative compared to past years
I was hoping this game would be called by some local Brit talent, instead it sounds like a pre-season game
Kyrie has to be drunk
All you "this game is over" dudes just coming back to the game thread now, y'all can leave
Not a fun game to watch if you are a Marcus hater
"FAKE ROOKIE OF THE YEAR!"
wow these announcers are so bad
The presentation of this game feels like summer league
Fuck. Reddick. 
I fucking hate Philadelphia fans 
BRO ITS THE FUCKING RINGER CURSE NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I wonder if the quitters and trolls are still watching the game...
Kinda hard to make a shot when you're allowed to slap the guy shooting. Are we using refs from the UK or some shit?
That layup was nasty by Jayson
Fuck all y'all fake believers 
Jaylen holy fuck hang onto the ball man. Slipperiest hands all goddamn year.
**SCARY**
What the fuck was that call??? That should have been a flagrant on Simmons
Tatum converts tough shots nonchalantly 
TLC ruining us holding them under 100. Fuck him! 
I hate how people call Boston and Boston teams classless when Philadelphia is one of the trashiest cities in the country and nobody calls them out. 
Sorry work, but ball is life.
Wtf have they done to the introduction 
Jesus we are taking some ugly shots early
So far celtics look asleep and stone cold
Morris’ choices always look so awful. As if he doesn’t even see anyone else.
could these fucks call a basketball game and not a soccer game pls ffs 
They seriously reviewed that for a flagrant. I certainly hope they were just checking on Reddick's stupid floppin ass
Less football references please commentators it sounds ridiculous 
I get irrationally angry when we waste Tatums skill
Damn.. Ben Simmons man.. wtf this kid is crazy.
Brown gotta takeover like the cavs game
That isn't a shooting foul if you just fucking throw the ball
Why won't "Abby" Chin interview Theis? What the fuck
I hope everyone who shit on this team after one quarter and a bit of being cold feels terrible. Relax a little and trust this team, we haven't won 33 games by accident.
Happymambaset said Kyrie is terrible and ruins the rhythm and effort lol check the +/- this game, dummy.  Yeah, Brad should sit Kyrie the rest of the game so they can go down 20 again.
JAYSON TATUM IS HERE TO FUCK YO DAY UP 6ERS
FUck someone came up to me at work and I missed nearly half the game now. WHAT DID I SAY /u/bubsiboo.. THAT 18 PT 76ers LEAD IS GONE
Sixers are falling apart. Kinda sad but not really.
There’s gonna come a time where Kyrie gets sick of not getting calls, and starts carrying cash on him in-game so he can literally buy a foul
Tatum needs to learn how to take a charge. His past two fouls on Saric could have been offensive fouls if he had set his feet
Mannn... I wanted that Jaylen wrap around dunk to go down so bad. Couldn't get enough lift.
Kyrie surprise hugging Terry from behind. My heart. 
woah woah, seriously what was that call on smart. I'd say that one was the worst this game.
Mook will FUCK YOU UP Simmons. 
Fuck the Sixers
Put in Baynes. They won’t want to fuck around anymore
Tatum is disgusting man 
Y’all forget this is how the American Revolution started out too Jaylen’s gonna get a nasty dunk and it’s gonna represent Bunker Hill
Looool man that Brad intro was turbo awkward.
Iowa State needs to step up their internet speeds...not trying to watch this game in 480p
Quick takes from first Q of London game

A.) I hate these London announcers
B.) fuck Ben Simmons
C.) Baynes jump shot makes it move
D.) Holmes looks like Travis Scott 
What the hell is up with Kyrie today...short and shots and fundamentally bad passes
irving has been awful
Reddik is fucking stupid from 3
Morris looking really solid today other than that 1 selfish drive he took
fuck this fucking nissan ad i have seen it over 300 times at this point 
Does Rozier hate Tatum? Looks like he intentionally doesn't get him the ball.
Flop awful
what a fucking flop
FUCK REDDICK
WTF was that call? 
Come on Celtics. Shut these stupid commentators up. Please! 
Awful ball-handling, offense and defense.
This game is like a homeless man spitting on people. I may not like it, but I’ll still watch it.
At least brown brought his game 
take out larkin put in tatum 

the starters can afford to play 40 minutes with 4 days off after this game 
Fuck you Jeff, Abby is mine
Get it to 10 before the half!
I just got a flashback to the Hayward injury. I now hate those three point line ally oops
He got fouled lame ass refs
Can we pls get angry Kyrie in the 3rd now?
Fuckin useless refs
The Celtics don't respect the Sixers. It's hard to get it up for a team you don't respect.
Celtics have beaten the Sixers 4 times already since beginning of the preseason.
 

Why doesn't league pass have mike and scal feed, wtf man
terrible call
OH MY FUCK
TATUM MAKES ME HARD
LMAOOOOO YALL WERE WORRIED FOH FAKE ASS MFERS
TATUM GETTING ME HARD
Seriously Danny. Franchise Tatum. 
Kyrie needs to stop making those bad passes into the post.
Kyrie is very visibly frustrated
God bless the poor souls not watching the NBCS Boston stream
How are the Sixers that stupid?
Scary fucking Terry 
Wow Bayless that was a terrible pass.
Tuning in late because I was at work...this team was seriously down like 20 at some point?
GAME. SET. MATCH
Horseshit call wtf
Refs taking the game in hand.
Haha fuck the process!!
Fuck yes this is what I wanted Morris for tbh
Don’t fuck with Morris 
on the demographics survey i said cavs were my most hated team but was considering putting down the sixers...this game made me change my mind i fucking hate this team
FOOKIN BLOODY TATUM
I would hate covington so much if he was on the Celtics. Dude is just a chucker with no discernible other skills
Didn't get the gino time I wanted but at least Dabusele is getting some minutes
These announcers are just flat out bad.
Fuck Charles Barkley. Fat 76er. 
That intro was sick 
Is there no Celtics feed on League Pass for this game or is it bugged for me?
Jaylen is a Gooner I’m disappointed.
Boston Celtics > [London Silly Nannies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0n9BM3cio7o)
I like how these announcers are saying Boston is both tired and too rested.
Is it me or is the court ugly?
If Jaylen improves his handles he's gonna be a fucking beast
Can Kyrie hit a fucking shot?
I hate reddick 
Can anyone help me understand why I've always hated JJ Reddick? 
Our offense looks bad. Missed shots and some bad possessions
Fucking Reddick dude
McConnell look like a dude that would say "touch me ill sue"
FUCK THIS LONDON GAME.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS
I'm convinced that there's something wrong with the basket we're shooting on
yo is this another one of those games when the opposition make crazy shots because I’m so bored of this shit
What the fuck is happening.
yup, when simmons is making that shot its gonna be a long game
Man Basketball can be terribly frustrating at times... Simmons makes a jumpshot and we can't? Wtf?
WTF is going on. These stretches where our team just collectively shits the bed is getting ridiculous. I still think they can come back from being down 20 (being that it's so early in the game ....), but goddamn pick it up guys. This is pathetic.
Guys this team came back from a TWENTY SIX POINT DEFICIT against James Harden and the Rockets. This game isn't over!
Fuck Ben Simmons
Is Kyrie drunk?
Might by Kyrie's worst game thus far. 

Let's bounce back here! 76ers are shite
I’m not a fan of how Bayless spells his name. Wtf is Jerryd 
Jaylen game
Fuck reddick
Kyrie mad now
Join me on the ride celtics fans back up the mean!!
Oh boy, Kyrie wasted that badly
Yo down by 9 at the half I'LL FUCKING TAKE IT 
Kyrie is getting no love in London
FUCK THE REFS KYRIE GOT SMACKED SQUARE IN THE FACE 
76ers are going to blow this game
That shot is so ugly wow. 
Embiids up fake is starting to get predictable 
Kyrie has just had such bad luck this game
These announcers talking like Scary Terry isn't with the shits
lets go SCARY TERRY
Awful BBIQ by Philly there
No good
Wrong marcus
IM SORRY WHATTT!?!?!
Let it go. Finish the game. 
Refs lets fucking go 
Tbh the sixers and their process bullshit disgusts me. Fuck them.
Weak ass foul, and there's announcers are all over Embiid's dick; talking about his dribble moves, give me a break, it looked like a fucking refrigerator dribbling the ball out there.
Wtf is a 76er anyway
wtf are these announcers saying?!? "Lets give Phili credit, they were dominant to start this game"
I hate Morris 
I’m one of those ‘bad calls are fine because what goes around comes back around’ guys, but my god the officiating today has been atrocious. Worst I’ve seen all season.
Think the refs hate us cause the bad blood between Brits & the Irish?
#Dirty AL
Ben is mad that Mook is outplaying him. 
How...am I...supposed to focus at work while this game is on?
where can I stream the game online?
Wtf is this
singers always over-sing the national anthem... kinda annoying
God somehow the Sixers video was worse than ours...
Finally a game I can watch. Let’s go!
Bad pass by Baynes then doesnt get in position to pick up Embiid in transition
Why are we going for complicated off-dribble jumpers when we’re all cold and struggling...just go to the basket
Yeah I'm watching Serbian commentary on TV, hate the NBATV announcers. 
I always like seeing jj get hit never liked the guy.
i'm so in the zone I can't post in the game thread
Sorry for this ugly game London. 
Is anyone elses xfinity stream just down right awful? I just got home and turned the game on a few minutes ago and the whole screen keeps turning green and is extremely choppy.
Its been worse
This is sooo ugly
Enough with the football references please :(
I hope someone knocks bitch ass JJ the fuck out. 
this is really pathetic 
Wtf Reddick. Well I hope he gets cold and keeps shooting later
Scary terry
What a pathetic display, these guys should go back swimming to the US
Let embid shoot the 3 why go for his fake and foul him
Mook pull up 3's are where we're at now, yikes. Playing with the effort of an exhibition game.
Jesus fucking christ, when will the 76ers miss? 
they must be 80% from the field wtf
I fucking hate playing the 76ers, time to wake up 
a lot of selfish basketball and lack of effort on D by boston 
Our team just looks afraid to play tough D because its just gona get a foul call
Wtf, taking shitty sots on one end, and they cant miss on the other. 
Jesus Christ our fucking luck
Oh Lord we look bad right now. 
Vintage Rozier. Crazy move to get to the basket, bricks the finish.
Im so confused.
Holy shit I hate this hoop.
HAHAH Simmons is making fadaways with a hand in his nostrils....just not our game today boys
Missing layups, fuck me
Rozier wtf

The celtics can't hit any of their shots, and the 76ers can't miss any of their shots. What the fuck is going on, can SOMEONE make a bucket or SOMEONE make a stop?
This is making me sad
Omg like everything is going wrong. Almost catch the ball, almost make a layup, almost dunk. It's stressful to watch but I imagine it's worse to be playing like this right now. 
London is lame af you need a home team and an away team its half the fuckin hype
Their guard who can't shoot hits every fadeaway on us, that's fucking bullshit.

They'll stop hitting everything eventually.
WAKE THE FUCK UP STOP PLAYING SO LETHARGIC
bad timeout call

they should've just ran that 
Kyrie drunk?
Saric is one ugly dude
Heart attack city this game
you gotta make that kyrie, tatum was fucking triple teamed
Scary Terry 
Scary Terry lit af
Poor Jaylen
These announcers are fucking awful 
The offensive rebound disparity the two teams is scary 
Scary Terry is always serving customers at the Chum Bucket
Jelo embiid. Ugly 76er. 
Sorry bettors!
UGH I WANT YABU TO HIT AN ABSOLUTELY UNNECESSARY BUZZER BEATER
The Sixers are about to get royally fucked 
Sorry but Philly's intro video is cooler than ours. Ours was kinda scary though, so could be intimidating to have a drone swarm or whatever. 

edit: I mean, both videos were sorta cringey, but ours was too Blade Runner. 
"6'10 point guard" 

They just played Liberty Bell ringing in the middle of London... Uhm....... kinda fucked up?
Bad bad timeout there 
What a dumb timeout Brad. Kyrie was taking that all the way there
Kinda worried about that hit Kyrie took. Must hurt on his recently broken nose
I gotta admit I'm so goddamn tired of Jaylen losing the handle on like 70% of his drives 
Common foul on Simmons, T on Morris... you've got to be fucking kidding me
Will Smart ever realize he’s the worst offensive player on the floor. We don’t want you shooting 
Sixers fan here...not surprised by the turnout but hope you guys exposed our atrocious coach enough to get him fired. He lets this happen every game.
Y'all stop reporting 3ITKH. He's just passionate, he's broken no rules yet
I hate trolls.


/s
More terrible shots. 
Another terrible pass. No one on the team looks like they want to be here. 
THIS IS SOO BAD
Sixers with this fucking StubHub shit on their jerseys 
So you gonna call foul on Morris for just reacting to a shitty foul wtf
This is terrible fucking offense all around. 
Can someone get Kyries head in the game please?
Jaylens feel and court awareness is seriously poor. Going to take a long time to improve that.
Terrible fucking offense right now. 
These announcers are so annoying
Kyrie so committed to taking bad shots right now. 
Is it concerning that Kyrie has been a bit bad for like 4 or 5 straight games now?
Still taking bad shots. Jayson forced that fast break shot. We're getting no separation at all. 
yea this game is over guys... london def fucked up some mojo 
Horford has been very bad.
Get within two, give up a lob, Kyrie takes a bad layup, give up a 3, marcus smart fadeaway. Embarrassing way to end the quarter. 
Someone needs to tell Kyrie to get his head out of his ass at halftime. We could be within single digits if he wasn't playing so fucking dumb. 
I think they're insecure, because if that group never becomes a contender, then wtf were they doing for half a decade?
Having 2 daddy's isn't weird anymore. 
Damn. For you being drunk, you are actually wicked smaht
Lmao the Houston game was the worst
Crazy when you think about it 
wtf was that horse shit
Please. Reddick is a little fake tough-guy bitch
You've never heard the saying: if there's nothing negative to say, don't say anything at all? Or wait...
Amen. Put mad respek on Tommy’s name. 
OMFG TRADE KYRIE HE HASNT GOTTEN AT LEAST 30 IN ONE MINUTE
Every fucking game. You think they’d have figured it out by now
Philly scum is beneath me 
Sorry to hear that man
IT WAS FUCKING GOODELL.
He's a weird one. I like him for making ugly 1 on 1 shots but I hate him when he misses those ugly 1 on 1 shots. All in all I want him on the team. 
“In Chicago... lose Gord Hayward to a gruesome injury...”


I dun reckon that's cuz we look TERRIBLE.
We hate you too.
That’s why he gets injured all the time. Call me crazy but he isn’t a max player. Too injured all the time
he ugly
The game is on NBC Sports Boston..
Hate me some full kit wankers. 
He won't be hitting these shots all game though
yeah i've been wondering why he has a fucking cornrows ingrained into his skull
Happymambaset is a fucking cunt!
He's also a Warriors "fan" so I wouldn't be taking anything he says seriously. Bandwagoners don't know the sport. 
YOU BLOODY FUCKING OPTIMIST... I never doubted your words.
What the fuck...
Are you using NBA Streams or nbcsb? I feel very behind 

Very sloppy with the ball
Creepy Sullivan tyre guy though.
That possession where Terry and Morris (?) ran into each other was so bad
Hard?
Its absolutely terrible
Wait there is one I thought it was just nba TV for the london game.



I've been getting cancer from the lack of replays and zero basketball knowledge from the announcers.
They are annoying as hell
The one time I don't have to kill my sleep schedule to watch a game
Just boring imo
It is a home game for Philly
It is a Philly "home" game.
It's a Sixers home game
Sounds like a Pre-Season game
Get the fuck out of here
So who the fuck cares don't go to their sub to troll it's childish. 
It’s honestly not a problem for anyone in the UK
Bad offense, like always
Slow start, nothing to worry about yet. 
Badly
announcers are making this so much worse
i don't know what it is about the second quarter this year, but i feel like we've been consistently terrible in it
Yo my boy Theis got some hops that was just crazy high
jfc are you serious? It's not even halftime yet! This sub is fucking toxic when we're losing
This might be the worst comment in the history of reddit
Why would anyone report him?

Yes he's annoying and negative all the time, but that's all he does.

It's not like he's insulting anyone.
You can't hate what you are bro

Hey I have an idea how bout you shut the fuck up since you've been moaning about everything and saying the game is over for the past 20 minutes?
I mean, you can't shove people 
Fucking leave then
I didn't know the two games since IT came back decided who won the trade. Kyrie has been off but is also on pace for 22 points 12 rebounds and 8 assists this game. P.S you're incredibly dramatic.
A dollar for every game missed by a 76ers rookie. 
Ew. What an exceptionally bad troll. 
Fuck off man
Go fuck yourself loser. No one here likes you
he ain't wrong
People told me you're gonna stop being annoying. So when does that kick in?
Stupid take. You never let one good game change your mind so why do you think one bad game should prove anything?
The game is in their hands, not a website.
False.
u/3ITKH has been very bad.
Yeah and you think hes trash, youre wrong too jackass
You were up 22 and now you're down 19. Not really a great time to try and talk shit lmfao
Your mom is so disappointed with how your life is going 
Weak
Shut the fuck up man. You are so annoying.
Stop watching the Celtics, please, or at the very least never comment about them again. 
What a stupid take. 
How? Help me please!!! Fucking NBA tv is blocking my league pass!
You crazy
Have you ever considered stand up? because what a fucking joke
It was still a 20 point game though.
I hope the mods  would do it.  Tired of seeing his posts on here
YES I FUCKING CAN
Close, it's things that with a little lotion I want to fuck
Just my observation he needs to slow down just a bit
there is only one broadcaster on League Pass, and its fucking boring
But also, wtf is a 76er
Guy said Kyrie sucked and the game was over then tries to grab karma back, awful. 
because anything negative in this sub gets down voted
*The past two years
Yup. I'm serious, that's probably what he thought like "let's give em everything they came to see"
I was agreeing with you! Sorry if that didn't come across well
Ah, I don't have NBCSB on my TV package, so I can't watch. Feels bad.
YOU BLOODY OPTIMIST.
Both turnovers weren’t his fault, and shooting is just RNG. Complaining about bad RNG is dumb, it’ll even out. Edit: it evened out 
Nah I just don’t understand how someone can root for a team, yet be so negative 
You are a moron 
fuck you life!
Unless he averages those numbers you’re going to continue to shit on him every time he misses a shot or makes a bad decision 
#FUCK. YES.
Sad to see even millionaire athletes look ridiculous looking at their phones instead of their families. Look up, America!
But its sooo weird
C'mon guys... every curse is made to be broken.

Right, guys?

Anyone?

I'm sad.....
Fuck
Fuck
This is why anyone who thinks Kyrie won't re-sign is insane. The Celtics are literally a dream for a point guard entering his prime. Where else are you going to get to throw oops to Jaylen, kick outs to Tatum, and be protected on defense by Smart/Rozier/Jaylen for the next ten years? And that's before we even get into Hayward or potentially Bamba/Ayton
NO!!! WE ARE FUCKED
You know, it's one thing that Kevin O'Connor forgot his roots and literally never mentions the Celtics (he even only talks about the players from Celtics' opponents during the game), but now THIS SHIT?
Fuck. Why would they write this? 😩
Oh, god damnit. Now we're going to go on a 10 game losing string. Fuck you, the Ringer.
So this is why we started so bad vs Philly today...
Brady broke the fucking madden curse for the regular season. 
Nah. Why complicate something that doesn’t need to be complicated? 
MPJ isn't that raw though, he has a refined offensive game.
I'm just saying hardly anyone even knew his name until he had that game. He's lightening in a bottle and he'll bust in my eyes. Set remind on this post 4 years from now, he's a bust. 
They already are scary. 
Don't need to. There have literally been 15 articles written in the past month talking about his record breaking performances. But for your sake... Here you go...

https://www.google.co.jp/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://www.theringer.com/platform/amp/2018/1/3/16843358/trae-young-ncaa-history&ved=2ahUKEwib4KX2xdHYAhUH5rwKHQa0D4EQFjADegQIEBAB&usg=AOvVaw0uwTLemkTcKe-2lyUSIgJ5&ampcf=1
Lac are  a game out of the playoffs so they will prob keep him and make a run at the playoffs 
wtf no Theis?
Skipped out playing the tried and true “sick” card. Luckily no one asked how I was sick because in the moment I was leaning toward saying diarrhea just to make it weird and make them feel bad for asking. GO CELTICS!
I'm "in training." By which I mean, it's on my phone, during training.
Game starts at 7:00am in Sydney, so will hopefully catch the whole thing before work. Worst case, there might be some "public transport issues" and i'll be late.
Damn, game starts at 1:30 am here in India...but Celtics>sleep so it's all good🍀
I'm fucked :( 
Can't leave work and the only way I can catch the game is if I stream on my phone or run in to the kitchen every now and then. 
Damn, making the rest of us look bad! haha
OT or a bad 76er game? Come on son 
Two monitors here: game on one, work on the other.
I have a meeting during the 4th and there is absolutely no way I am missing the game for it lmfao
He’s grown bored trying to explain himself to these people who are obviously slept. 
Absolutely awful
Fucking rate it. Spurs did the same against the the heat if I remember correctly regarding lebrons 
2 hours queue to buy merchandise! Needless to say I'm in the bar drinking. Cheers
This is bad...
Now you know, how we live here in London..... crazy crazy life man 
Making alt accounts just to downvote this repetitive shit 
WHY do we always get grey? Some of the city jersey are sweet, this is are just plain and boring. 
Still terrible. Really wish they went with beige or cream colored. 
I wish they would keep it green and try to do something with the shamrock or leprechaun logos. This grey shit is so stupid
At least they change it up every year 
Sick dramatic line delineation
Unfortunately now they want to keep him, they're in talks of an extension 
As long as they don't trade with Cleveland I don't give a fuck
Dude, this shit is gonna drive you fucking insane when the lakers get the fifth worst record and someone jumps them in the lottery anyway
Just stop.

The Lakers won 2 in a row. Everything is so close its stupid to pay attention on a day to day basis. The pick will be 2-5 or it will be next years problem.
He's the Al Horford of small forwards
There’s that one kid: “kuzma the 🐐🐐 smh @ Celtics fans 😤✌🏻”

Shit’s annoying as fuck when people type like that. 
Up until the Lakers game against the kings the other night, I had jaylen ahead of Ingram. But holy shit dude I hate to admit it but Ingram is going to be a beast!!!

Although jaylen will always be better on defense
It's very hard to even compare the two given the completely different situations.  We'll never know if Tatum would be able to shoulder an offensive load.  And Kuzma without Ball has been playing horribly so Kuzma alone can't shoulder the offensive load.
You mean the 2018 NBA finals DVD, featuring never before seen footage from the locker room after they swept the warriors? 
 
~~Scary~~ Sweaty Terry
Holy fuck
Yeah when he's in it usually means the games over and we can go to bed now 
Sorry pops don’t send me to Maine 
poorly. 
That block on biyombo is so fucking nasty and the ups are real for skinny Mahcus which we all knew from the summer but still
Fucking so man dumb he’s
He's so fucking dumb man
He's so dumb man
Fucking man so he’s dumb. 
I don't think I could ever hate Embiid, the dude tweeted at Kim Kardashian the day after he was drafted and his recruitment of LeBron gained him a fan for life.
Translation: Celtics’ management want Hayward’s March return to be as dramatic as possible. 
Sadly the roster move to activate him would make all that drama disappear but it would be sweetness. 
Nope. He comes back 3/23 and he starts off playing 3-5 mins a game then builds up until the playoffs where he hits a clutch game winner in the finals 
They could activate him for a few weeks "just for logistics sake" then bring him out when we least expect it!
in game 7 of the finals
Bron about to head to the line down by one. [Glass breaks.](https://youtu.be/qX9twRBEmrI) Tommy: “BAH GAWD! ITS GORDON HAYWARD!” Chair, to face, game over.
This article is poorly written...young Jayson’s still god though
Uh, no. This would be one of the worst teams in the league. 


i.e. This team would perform similarly to the Lakers.
Morris ISOs his way to 21ppg, mainly on contested midrange jumpers,
with a <50 TS%

Backcourt shoots a collective 35% from the field and 30% from 3, still shoots a lot anyway. 

Theiss either gets rolled by big centers or fouls out against quicker ones, every other game.

Tatum still only gets 9 shots a game because The Marcus’s and Scary Terry take 60 per game between them. 

Record 12-70



I mean semi. Tatum has started every game he’s played in he cannot be considered the bench imo
Option 2 means 3-5 year window of seriously competing for a championship every year. I take that 
At least, the jump for Kyrie's contract isn't as bad as IT's. At worst we let Smart go (sniffle) and get Al back at a discount post max.
That's his max deal, and I think we can all agree that at least one team would offer Jalen the max in RFA, if the Celtics want to keep him, they will have to match.
Why are u on the Celtics sub if it a cavs fan? And ya.. the cavs defense is atrocious. Celts in 5 only because they'll get bored after being up 3-0
It is just fucking insane. I don't get people who are grateful for table scraps when as a fan base we pay like 2-5x as much for tickets compared to any team that isn't a title contender or in NYC, Chicago, LA or the Bay Area, while our franchise constantly uses the pursuit of a championship as a selling point. 
Ya I did. Is that shocking? Because it shouldn't be
Shocking doesn't even begin to describe it
If that is the case then we have shitty fucking owners who sell hope and never deliver by doing what all championship caliber teams do, and we have a dumb FO that signed Hayward and traded a valuable pick for Kyrie when they are significantly worse than Curry and Durant while they had no intention to pay what it would take to surround them with enough talent now, or pay to keep our young talent around for the future.

Why preemptively excuse shitty ownership and dumb team building?  
He has the same resume as Rubio. Luka's personal numbers are not off the charts and he will be a mediocre to bad shooter his rookie season. He shoots 33% from the college line. 
Devils advocate here: the darker side of this timeline is really terrifying. That picks lands 1 and the Sixers get it. Next year, the Kings pick lands 1 and the Sixers get it. We could see a Sixers team starting 4 number one picks and Joel Embiid. 

Thats why we need this to happen in our favor. 
The odds of that happening are vanishingly small.
Nesn has the worst website I've ever seen in my life. Anybody got a quote?
NESN has the beat sports news... if by sports we mean celebrity gossip and twitter references.
It’s not just the content, but the annoying constant pop ups and videos while trying to read a stupid 250 word article. I refuse to click on that site.
I’ll go with the Warriors game.
I thought about including that one, especially since it was on the road, but it didn't have quite the significance of GSW or late game electricity of HOU and IND
Lt com. data is unable to experience time in any way other than progressing linearly 
Every day without Hayward goes by slowly tbh.
Consider this that the season started 2 weeks sooner than in years past and the Celtics have been in a time crunch to get games in before the London vacation.
I'm about to turn 35. Fuck this shit.
I'm about to turn 3. Fuck this shit.


Which two weeks in march? March Madness? Fuck the NCAA. I won't watch that plantation league.
I’m about to turn. Fuck this road.
I don’t doubt having money will raise your quality of life, I don’t miss the small budget I had to spend on groceries but goddamn do I miss everything else about college. Cherish your time while you can 
You're delusional. There will be at least 5 teams tanking at the end of the season, and the Lakers won't be one of them
i dont see the harm. I'm not browsing the bad sites 
Or 3/28

It is also in Utah which would mean the biggest standing ovation of all time.
It's about to be crazy G
Dear god, I just got tickets to that game for my birthday since Portland is the only place near Seattle I can watch the C’s play. If he played then, on his and kyries birthday, I would go crazy.
game is on thursday
"This game has always been, and will always be, about denying buckets."
Does this mean we're going streaking again?
Damn thats pretty bad shooting first game back :(
What is 3/23? Thats my birthday and kyries but what r u guys signaling. Sorry if i am a noob for asking 
the other ankle looks awkward too, probably was in between steps.
I mean, considering he’s wearing them, I’d say so
He has weird feet. Are they snowshoes?
The doctor said its just cosmetics and then the doc says it may affect his explosiveness. Confusing.
Damn, Danny didn’t go on the London trip so he could stay in Boston with Gordon. What a guy. 

Also, look at that! No brace!!!! I can’t even tell he even had an injury in the first place! 

Edit: [he knows!](http://twitter.com/gordonhayward/status/950863582450810880)
My sauces tell me Hayward is questionable for the London game 😈
Yeah, I mean even the [swimmer’s ankle](http://imgur.com/wANqEfa) looks kinda odd when you zoom in on it and over analyze.
What in the world is that? Looks like the bug alien from Men In Black is in the process of bursting through his heel.
No Lou Williams talk? Fuck this link
Eh, Clippers pick for Mirotic ain't bad.

Him or Evans would help alot.
And he's having a worse rookie season than Tyreke Evans. This is a terrible comparison.
Not a true friend of the crown are we? To the pit of misery!
Horford can't and Rozier is an unreliable, terrible shooter. Besides Tatum, none of them can create for themselves efficiently. Evans can. 

You know that when Kyrie is off the court, our ORTG wis a league worst 98.7 right? We need someone who can reliably score and create offense for themselves when Kyrie sits. Our offense's cold stretches are a genuine weakness and someone like Evans would help alleviate those. 
I said 25th to make it harder to trade. I started to type the 25th was the worst case scenario and then I realized it wasn't.
This is fantastic! Thank you for providing entertainment for all these boring off days! Go Celts!
Woke as fuck
#He is not a guard for no KING. Fuck this shit
He led the league in 3pt made because he took like 18 a game. 
I know we were complaining about the schedule early in the season, but only having one game this week is brutal...

Thank goodness for Dad Stevens.
He isn't wrong!
He ain't wrong
I wanna listen to some Wiley with Jaylen sooooo bad
Nothing makes me happier than the fact that Professor Jaylen to some degree at least is a Gooner 🔴⚪️
You're the subtle racism brown refers to. "Shut up and do your job" sounds a lot like "Shut up and pick them strawberries". 

I could write a 10 page paper critiquing everything you've said but I got shit to do. I hope you read the other comments and introspect on your thoughts. 
No, Ntilikina is not a better prospect or player. That is why he went 11th in the draft. Porzingis is established, so he gets the nod against the Celtics duo who are trying to reach his level.
Nope, and I don’t see why rejecting one grotesque agenda would meen I prefer another. I was just pointing out how naive it is to believe that there necessarily is legitimacy in journalism that is not “dictated by profit margin”. 
I'm honestly not sure if you are trolling. 
Of course not. But I don't think all trump supporters are EITHER racist or idiots 
What does this mean “just read the facts” where are you getting your access to raw unfiltered data about the world? 
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exclusive-poll-62-nfl-fans-plan-watch-less-football-163908368.html

9000 person poll says kneeling is the core issue, very few people said they quit watching because they are cable cutters.
Yes, but kidd, who has high bbiq, doesn't realize that his system sucks. That's not a teaching and application thing when players are losing because of the system. They hustle and do the things kidd tells them, the things they are told are just wrong. 
But Embiid is hurt a lot. It’s hard to know when he’ll play.
Pacers and 76ers could be annoying opponents. I'm certainly not counting those as sweeps.
Importance of the 1st seed to me is all about home court advantage. Hard for another team to come into the Garden with a playoff crowd in their ear. 
FWIW, we *always* seem to play to our opponent, so in some bizarro way, maybe Chicago was just a bad matchup for us. 
Pacers played really hard in both games this year.  
Don't forget that Eric Spoelstra is a fucking genious.
Imagine getting maple dicked in game 7.... oh wait
the fact that the Lakers are seriously trying to trade Nance, Clarkson and Randle for cap space is incredibly stupid. If they strike out it will screw them for a decade like the Duncan lottery did to us. 
Don’t think we could use DPE since his contract runs past this year.
I like that trade. It's doable in terms of cap space, I think, but the Lakers would have to give up another small piece 
I hate watching an ad to watch an ad.
Is Avery Bradley a bad defender because his defensive numbers are bad?
Doing something A LOT despite the fact you are historically awful at it, to the point that you are the worst in the history of the NBA among players who shoot as often as you do, can surely cause a lot of hate.

If 75% of the time Kyrie went for an alley oop, he threw it into the stands, yet he still attempted them A LOT, wouldn't that frustrate you?
Are his defensive numbers bad?  I don't think they are at all.  And what do you mean by defensive numbers?
Yawn with this nonsense. And ps. Fuck off with the "you disagree with me so you have no idea what you are talking about"

You asked why people the him and I explained why.

Go fuck yourself with your unwarranted condescending cuntyness
Yeah... uh... just a lot to unpack there.
I’m just going to say... No?
Good talk. 
AB also doesn't play help D, which is a contributingreason for his bad defensive numbers. 
Kinda creepy how high the resolution is. Technology is getting weird. 
I was there on January 3rd against the cavs, apparently they dont have the fan cam for that game :(
Found my cousin and me in section 322! Bought tickets last minute because I was home from New Orleans and it was a hell of a game. Too bad it’ll be the only home game I can make it to this year.
Yup, scary.
Considering he's shooting 42% from 3 on 5 attempts per game, I'd say that he fits the bill. 
Clippers aren't making the playoffs this season and next season looks doubtful as well. Which would mean the pick turns into a 2022 2nd rounder. 
Drafting a Kuzma that late is highly unlikely.


He is too expensive for the DPE
Yep, but definitely tough to say when it would convey...guess it all depends on what happens with DJ
they fucked up by not having kyrie in his rangers gear
Disappointed Kyrie wasn't in this.  I need some new moves to add to my mix:  https://streamable.com/7s1w8
Silly Terry it’s not a matter of “if” you’ll score in London, it’s a matter of “how much” and i say 25 you scary motherfucker
I see Scary Terry lookin to score in London
You got a deal on the flight, so spring for the tickets on the secondary. Once in a life time trip. Make it count!
That sucks man. As someone who lives in the UK, it’s unlikely that there will be a bar showing it, unless it is actually a sports bar, and even then it’d be unlikely. I’ve never once seen a UK bar show any basketball game before. It doesn’t get the attention I think it deserves. 
I'm in the same situation. Bought non-refundable airfare before the tickets went onsale, missed out during ticket release, and now shuddering at the prices on the secondary market. I'm hoping to find tickets the day off the game. But if not, I'm excited to check out London and watch the game at a pub over there. Maybe we should plan a meet up to watch the game?
Scalping is probably the only way to go sadly... despite almost no perceived interest in Basketball in the UK the game is always a sell out, although about 1000+ tickets just go to Premier League footballers and celebrities.
Damn! I was hoping I'd have a connection that could possibly get you out of your flights, but I don't know anyone at Norwegian. Sorry! Maybe you'll see T-Ro flying alongside your window.
The only guy who can do it is Hayward. Pathetic. 

Trade everyone and build around Hayward.
Wtf is that kyrie face:


https://i.imgur.com/f5ZpN6g.png


hahha
Baynes looks and sounds like a psychopath in this that was terrifying
Holy fuck gordo
Hayward's accent isn't half bad.

Source: am English.
WTF we didn't get a single Pip pip cheerio... Just another disappointment from a team that can't move above the number 1 spot in the east.
The fuck?
A creepy one
that’s weird just call him Aron Baynes why you adding that weird ass extra stuff
got DAMN!!!  That's cold man. 
I guess so but I feel it loses some of its meaning going across sports 
if you omit "in one-on-one" this becomes a very violent story
Jaylen Brown/Jeff Green comp lives!
I feel like even with this context it still feels wrong putting any rivalry over Celtics-Lakers, especially a different one involving us
Hey stupid random question, just wanna hear opinions:  
  
If you could add one of the following players to the Celtics, which one would you choose?  
* Robert Covington  
* Buddy Hield  
* Tobias Harris  
Ugh for some reason I thought today was Thursday and tried to watch the game just now.  This break is killing me.
They were hard to find for me. I looked all over for a Tatum jersey but they were sold out. I just bought a Gordo one instead.
Not authentic 
Scary Terry left out?
Fultz has barely played, calling him a tragic bust is unbelievably harsh. Someone like Josh Jackson looks like  a tragic bust. 
Man fuck this post. I thought the Hawks made a comeback when I saw this. 
And to think that a lot of us were pissed about passing up fultz. I feel like an idiot now
Read what I said at the moment he's a tragic bust one of the weirdest number one picks in the last 20 years who can you remember that has changed his shot out of nowhere

felger will be furious at the prospect of him missing a meaningless September preseason game to see the birth of the child. im talking furious. 
I used to watch felger and mazz a decent bit but stopped. Does felger hate when players miss games to see the birth of their child? I mean I can totally see it I'm just curious
maybe it was after a loss. he was frustrated.
"SPLAT! Dead! He got what he deserved!"

-Michael Felger
I mean felger wasn't just being a douche like he typically is about the death he was legitimately angry that halladay would do something so reckless and dangerous when he has a wife and kids who r now left without a father 
I simply made a statement of fact. I didn't say you were stupid or silly or anything like that, just that you don't understand how MVP voting works. That isn't an attack.

Calling someone a "fanboy" could be perceived as an "attack." Or do you not know that either?
Even WITH Ball, they will be a bottom 5 team. They're a bad team, but probably not as bad as the Hawks, Orlando, and Memphis but they're right there with them.
That fucking bounce out of the building.
"COME COME FUCK APART IN HERE AH" - Quincy Acy 2018
Especially with LaVar's comments. Imagine what might happen in that locker room if they fall to the worst record in the league...
Yeah that’s what I’m saying, fuck the lakers
why are you all still on this? didnt the kids agent just tell him the wrong time?
This has a lot to do with Hayward going down though. Jackson still dumb tho
Ha fuck Josh Jackson 
Didn’t he come off the bench game 1?
So sick of this. I'm all for being petty for our boys in Green, but this is so hypothetical it just feels pathetic
Well.. at least he's playing unlike fultz
I mean that is selfish but not in a negative way
Since the New Year- Jackson: 16 pts and 5 rebs. Tatum: 12 pts and 4 rebs.

I think we fucked up:(
Well at least leaving the option open to go to Boston and assuming they drafted him. Closing off an opportunity without consideration is never good for a career. 

Big minutes on a bad team is not a great way to ensure you get paid big money down the line....
Well the temps and snow during the time I was there was quite doable at least for a few days I was there the week leading up to Christmas 
I wouldn't be salty about it but damn dude, they flew to the west coast to see you and you cancelled after they got there?? Wtf dude, need to apologize for that.
>I Dunn fucked up

Ah fuck, I can’t believe you’ve done this
>I was living with like 30 Serbians at the time

I'm sorry for all the stupid shit they did. My people are utter imbeciles. Fun, but imbeciles.
I'm still shocked Jordan Bell went to the damn GSW for nothing but cash. I kinda wish we could have swung something to get him AND semi.  
  
I also really had my eye on Deyontae Davis and was mad that we traded his pick but i guess it's not really hurting us now.
You're a jackass
That's actually the least ridiculous part of his comment. He has the wrong draft year for Porzingis, and no amount of tanking would've taken us from #16 to #4.
Fuck the haders naders grader than your faderite playder
Kinda sucks for yabu. He would've been close to home
No dancing bear in london?  :'(
It's cold as fuck in Portland right now.
He's got the energy.

He isn't as bad as people potray him to be.
Sweden: I'm American but travel to Sweden one week a month, 8-10 times a year for the past 6 years. There is a bar chain (think Ruby Tuesday's or TGIF) in Sweden called O'Reilly's. The food is awful but it's designed to feel like a Boston bar. All kinds of Celtics, Bruins, Patriots and Red Sox stuff on the wall. I90 signs. 
Just noticed that the London game starts at 7:00am on Friday morning in Sydney. Fucking fuck yes, I can watch the game before going to work.
Pump the brakes. We want the lakers to have the 2nd worst record by season's end, not the worst. 2nd worst record gives us 80% at picks 2-5. #aingemakingitlookeasy
I’d rather have them be by far the worst and roll the dice on the 75% and not have to worry about the money finishing sixth worst
Aren't the odds for the Celts even very slightly better if the Lakers have the 3rd worst record? We need them to be bad, just not worst-record-in-the-league-bad because then we'd need to worry that the pick conveys to Philly instead. 
Root for them to lose. I guarantee you they won't end up with the worst record
Sick reference
My reply on it was a bit late so if ppl hadn't seen it. We know what happens when you say that wrt the Celtics

https://www.reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/7ir5on/im_so_happy_yall_are_fucking_boston_with_all/dschrb5/?context=3
Don’t miss Lakers Hawks in an epic battle tonight! Lakers will be tied for worst record with a loss.
Watch Lebron demand a sign and trade to send Lonzo to CLE just to get LaVar way the fuck away from him before he dons a Lakers uniform.
I am starting to fear the Lakers could be the worst team in the nba
Wow I must have missed this. This is shocking, even for him
I see the Lakers getting fed up and trading Ball in a year. I'm guessing it will be somewhere boring just to spite LaVar. I don't see them trading with New York, Chicago or anywhere he can promote "the brand". I see him going to Indiana or Milwaukee. 
You know those little league/rec league parents that yell and scream at the refs and the coaches for not putting their little angels in the game? This is what happens when one of those kids has talent.
Every story about this man just makes me feel sad for his children. 
yeah its honestly a negative influence on their team. not saying he's why they suck, but its not healthy to have someone just bashing the team every night and saying the coach needs to go and negatively influencing their organization. he's just a dad. there is a reason he doesn't have a job in basketball. this is stuff you see in little league. 
Your second paragraph is quite tragic. 

Lavar’s biggest problem might be that he thinks he made Lonzo. Lonzo made Lavar. 
He is averaging like 10/6/7 which isnt terrible but he clearly isnt passing the prospect eye test in the way people said he would. The problem is entirely his fucked shot and I guess LaMelo doesnt have that problem or some shit (as you can tell I am not one of those smart basketball people that understands this stuff). 


Well, thats fucked. Hope Lithuania is paying bands because they arent likely to get any NBA checks if thats the case.
I like hearing this. It's hard not to feel like JB is a bit frustrated with Tatum's success even though Brown was touted as a project.  
Never happened to me but fuck that all the way
Weak?! The 2016 draft had MJ v2 and Dabusele, future MVP
Then it usually winds up being nothing but you got to sit there and worry about it all day
Well put. Stealing that quote to diss my friends who hate on Smart.
One of the worst in the league. He's a marksman, though, so it makes up for his defensive lapses. 
I mean you aren't wrong, don't know why you're getting downvoted.
Otto didn't deserve the max. Just because other teams are dumb with money, it doesn't mean the Celtics should be too.

Edit: In terms of not letting them walk, then yeah if we have to choose between Tatum and Brown, we probably trade Brown.
Because losers hate winners. Simple as that, my friend.
They hate us cus they anus.
Most of them are mad Failifornians that are mad they can't experience snow like us.
As a non-Boston fan, Boston fans are obnoxious. The "us against the world" complex is annoying 
Word. They hate us 'cause they ain't us.
Raptors fans are the fucking worst
I mean I’m with you 100%. I will say though if you are one of those Celtics fans that don’t like any of the other Boston sports teams it must be really annoying to be associated with them. Just look at it from someone else’s point of view and it kinda makes sense. 


Fuck
The 
Lakers
Though
This is my life. Love the C's, hate the Pats don't care about baseball or hockey. It can be annoying.
False. I just checked and there wasn't a 2012 season.
This game has been, and will always be about BUCKETS. Kyrie 100%
Wrong and Wrong. You are missing Yabusele here. Benchleader and motivation coach
When he's not dropping 30 on ya head he's drawing double teams and making crazy skip passes
jaylen has an absurd work ethic

he wont let his career plateau

he will be an all star
He has already turned into a heck of a player. 
Still, he has to work on his mind game. 

He gets upset at himself if he makes a few bad plays or misses a few shots and loses focus.

Definitely prone to getting into his own head. He does it at the foul line too.

I don’t have the data but it seems like if he shoots poorly in the first quarter he usually has a bad shooting game. 

He won’t start a game 1-6 and finish 6-12.
If he starts 1-6 he’s going to finish 1-8 or 3-13 or something. 


My worst fear, absolute worst, is he becomes a Jeff Green type.  Lights up for 20+ one night shits the bed a bunch of nights.  But I still believe he’ll become something special.  
christ can you shut the fuck up about tatum already
Brandon Ingram doesn’t have a jump shot? I mean fuck the lakers but he’s fucking money 
I can't stand this dude. He was over on the Patriots subreddit saying we should have traded Brady and not Jimmy G. And I'm a hard core Tatum fan but he's not relevant in this conversation.
Game 7 Kelly Olynyk
How do I link this thread to the other guy's question about why people hate Celtics fans?
Sorry.

I'm actually, not 12. Just bored at home.
>When did I bring up melos defense?
>Jayson game looks more like Paul and melo.


Defense isnt part of the game?  Way to get mad over nothing though.
He *is* 19, so I'd say he probably is. That's crazy.
It's because of the London game. 
Someone posted in r/nba that the the Celtic's requested the 4 days off before and after the game before agreeing to the scheduling for that game. 

I haven't found another source for that info though. 
Turned the backup PG from the Sun's into Kyrie Fucking Irving
JT is a fucking stud. Dude is filthy. I didn’t even know he was close to 7’. We got a mini Durant on our team and he’s not even old enough to drink yet!
I think I was listening to a Bill Simmons or a Ringer podcast and they mentioned going to game and seeing Tatum up close they said he's over 6'10". I know what he's listed at but it's not inconceivable that he's grown since the beginning of the season. 
not going to lie the Nets got fucking dicked by the refs the last 2 minutes. dinwiddie gets 0 respect. baynes got a lot of bs calls but this was a horrible game officiated by even worse referees 
Holy shit! Went to the game tonight. That was like a home game. When Tatum got that 3, the place EXPLODED.
We need some fucking rest
Ugly game. The nba needs to review their officials. The refs were clueless on every 50/50 call.
Hope Carroll is alright.. took a nasty bend to the knee at the end there
‘‘twas sloppy 
Why do refs hate us?!?!
Shoutout to all the Celtics fans in there. When Tatum hit that 3 at the end it sounded like a home game!
And the bruins won 7-1!   Boston winter sports serving up POUNDITUDE this winter! *weird UNRGH! noise that wicked muscular body builders make*
WE WON THAT GARBAGE ASS GAME THANK FUCK
Fuck yeaaaaaahhh!! 
Insane finish.  The refs were awful all game.  Kyrie got fouled by Joe Harris on the drive that led to the Tatum 3 and I'm pretty sure Spencer got fouled multiple times in drives at the end of the game.
We need this rest badly.

91 points followed by 87 points.

I'll take the W tho.


Brutal statline for jaylen... What happened? 
Ky with a "bad" scoring game and a "mediocre" overall stat showing -

still 21, 6 and 4, and second highest +- for the night
Can Baynes deck Zeller after the game?
Was gonna say I feel bad for Nets fans after this, but I really don't. I don't feel bad for them with how they're reacting.
One of the worst performances of the season, especially down the stretch. No ball movement at all, just a bunch of guys taking turns forcing shots, especially Kyrie. All of them should be disgusted with this performance. 
Brown with another piss poor game.


I AM TIRED OF GETTING JUST THE TASTE OF IT...
> JAYSON TATUM

quality post game discussion
Yeah, there were a lot of bad calls going both ways throughout the game, but in the final 1:30 or so, the Nets got fucked.

They should've been at the line with 6 seconds to go instead of inbounding baseline.

As an aside, I hope Carrol is okay.
The refs were bad. I felt like the Nets got a ton of calls leading up to the last 5 minutes. The two Zeller flops in particular were bad. Based upon the way the game was called, not terribly well, it is hard to say who got the worst of it. Celtics picked up their physicality because nothing was being called.   
This was the second game at least I’ve watched where the Nets get dicked by calls. Last game was the Hawks overtime and Dinwiddie drove like three times to the basket gets hacked and had nothing called.
This is the only ugly win the Celtics had that i hated. The Celtics were beyond horrible on offense
I hate this break, only 1 game in like 8 days. 
Yeaahhhhh I'ma let you finish but...

#Fuck that

(edit: for the first part, obviously. Fuck LeBron and fuck trading Tatum)
I’d think that too if I watched one game
Why do you watch if everything makes you miserable?
Worse then the one yesterday with the “inadvertent whistle” that stopped the play?
the semi one was so bad i couldn't believe what i was seeing. you're supposed to stay vertical when you jump, not lose balance and throw your arms at the offensive player 
I dont know why you are downvoted, Kyrie was greedy tonight. He tried a little too hard to impress the crowd.  
Kid is addicted to posterizing.
HE'S A BAD MAN
Tatum is playing hard on D
scary
How about you fuck off the pelicans ain't trading AD. 
Not even a Celtics fan but these refs are so dumb
MORRIS CAN PASS AND TATUM CAN FUCKING DUNK!!!!
This game is over. Guys are playing some angry ball right now. GG
Well, if we do lose, at least the Nets pick becomes worse for the Cavs!
Didn’t even realize we had a game today until I got the alert about Horford sitting out. Crazy how many games we’ve played working around the London game
The shot clock three by the Nets doesn’t count! Makes it a closer game! 
Zeller is literally fucking jumping to the floor
Doesn't look like we're into this game, if you guys know what I mean? That we're just going with the flow. 
Pass that shit to Tatum Kyrie!
Morris is not a good starter
The fuck are these calls on Baynes? I can see why he's frustrated as hell.
I hate complaining about the refs, I know they have a hard job, but this is getting really annoying
I never watch the NCAA because every NCAA game looks like this.
YOU GOT KNOCKED THE FUCK OUT
Let's fucking go!!!!
Hearing old Em makes me sad, knowing how terrible he's become :(
Larkin revenge game incoming
Fuck Zeller
What the fuck is happening with this officiating? 
These FUCKING refs!
jeez this game is a shitshow
Another awful call gifting the Nets 2 points
Those bullshit calls on Baynes to put him in foul trouble hurt :(
The refs couldn't be trying any harder to give the game to the Nets.  The NBA is a joke.
JAYSON FUCK YEAH
Chelsea - Arsenal is a playoff game? What the fuck 

edit: nvm im stupid
I don't miss this fucking awful organ music
The nets remind me of us in 2015 pre Isaiah trade. On paper the rosters make no sense, but the team is well coached and the players always give you a tough game
Fuck you Zeller
Jayen is a negative tonight
kyrie is our fucking assist leader with 1 wtf
All I did was walk to a nearby sports bar to watch an NCAA game and it was God awful out. Feels like -10 F  / -23 C right now :(
He ran himself into the screen what the fuck is this shit?
THAT was brutal
Fuck these refs and fuck zeller. 
Call a fucking foul on these scrubs.
FUCK ACY
Ahaha fuck acy
Just getting dirty now
I'm really scared that our bad FT shooting will bite us in the ass come playoff time
These fucking refs man...  Weakest calls I've ever seen.
Man fuck these refs I'm pissed
Longboi clutch as fuck
omg fuck yes!
Tatum called GAME
HOLY SHIT KYRIE SNATCHING THAT REBOUND!!!!!!!
Get fucked! Tatum = GOAT
TATUM CLOSES IT OUT!!

What a fucking slam and then 3.
HOLY SHIT WE FUCKING SHUT EM OUT
If Baynes made layups Kyrie would average 9.5 assists per game
Biggest takeaway from this game is that baynes and brown must have gotten fucked up last night or something.

Edit: and baynes is still drunk
Some shots, and some stops and the game is ours. Rally up boys.
https://discordapp.com/channels/316393714631311360/349279612934553600 

join the discord for the game
Mook has the worst shot selection lmaoo
Wtf never saw Zeller drive like that as a Celtic hahah
I want to see Jaylen dunk on Okafor... would be revenge on the morons that called Danny an idiot for not trading that 2016 pick for Okafor.
This game is actually really hard to watch
For a bad shooting night off the latter half of a back to back, down 2 isnt so bad.
God the organ music is fucking annoying
Baynes is a scary motherfucker I'd say him and Steven Adams are the last 2 people I'd want to fight in the NBA. Also Giannis he just seems insane 
Bro this game thread is looking like a ghost town. Where’s everybody at?
These fucking refs
Alright so Celtics, Bruins, and now a close nfl game. About to have a seizure from flipping channels 
Ohhhh fuck!
wtf was that??
Toss this wanna be kyle oquinn outta the game 
Barclays has never seen shit like that b4 wtf
This game is so ugly
Come on boys, you’ve got a 4 day break after this. PUT SOME ENERGY INTO THIS GAME!!! 
Also, fuck the Chiefs
What did the clap clap thing by the refs mean?
TATUM IS FUCKING UNREAL
SEND EM TO THE ALL STAR GAME!
HOLY SHIT THAT D!!!!!!!!
Kyrie with some bad decision-making this game
I hate watching Marcus Morris play basketball 
egetting ontnehm chiefs titan in the fuck next round? insnaity
Baynes sucks at rebounding
#WE GOT THIS GAME GUYS
These refs are TERRIBLE
Why the fuck is Brooklyn's in game music so loud? That's annoying 
Kyrie wtf was that air ball
Jaylen's FT shooting can be so frustrating because it's clearly mental, considering his 3pt shooting
Kyrie looking tired already :/
I hate those in and outs
kyrie hasn't been driving to the rim much lately. maybe he's tired 
Fucking Christ, Jaylen.
This is a game where guys like Theis, Larkin, and maybe Nader provide some high energy minutes and offense to make up for tired starters.
Say what you want about "muh system" but if Kyrie fucking Irving has only taken 2 shots after one quarter and Smart and Rozier have combined for like 7, something is very wrong. 
At the game section 210 anyone else here?
Baynes get called for being big :(
MAN this offense is sad thank god for defense
Baynes mid-range game!
Thats the look of a dude who is completely exhausted 
Worst/most boring drinking game ever: Take a shot every time the Celtics score a bucket
These streams have been awful the past week
goddamn this is ugly
Ugh such a nasty pass and no finish for the highlight reel 
Jaylens gotta have a go to move going to the rim, pump faking in mid air and chucking up a shot from an awkward angle wont work every time
Could be worse.  They're gonna need to start making a shot or two.
This game is painful to watch
Well... The guys can still pull it off, even though they look exhausted.
Kyrie fucking died on that screen.
Wtf is going on?
Wtf just happened
These refs are insane i think
Games too soft for a bad mamajamma like Baynes 
What's been the story with this game? Been watching the playoff game.
**WE'RE GOING STREAKING....I MEAN TO LONDON BABY**
Filthy Kyrie
acy needs to fucking sit down
Acy settle the fuck down 
why did smart take a FT when he's the worst FT shooter on the floor? 
Game got a little bit ugly 
what a horrible pass
Crazy shot
bad shot...bad man
Hate seeing games slowed down like this due to fouls 
That was weird
Why are we close with bloody brooklyn. Lets destroy them ffs!
Ahhh fuck
What a fucking legend 
Tatum is cold blooded
FUCK YESSSSSS that was probably a foul on Semi tho ngl
Ice cold baby
At least we didn't foul em... a shot will seal the deal here.
fuck i can't watch this
WTF IS KYRIE DOING
Thank fuck... can we work on shooting please?
damn we escape, playing real tough defense and the refs let them play
Morris I fucking hate you dude
I'm not concerned about this game at all
Jaylen sucks at finishing
This is second game in a row our offense is apsolutely atrocious.

Our guys seem fucking exhausted at the offensive end.
Game of the year 
Another crappy offensive performance. At least the Nets are shit.
That possession was terrible, then Kyrie made a ridiculous shot!
Jaylen has been legit invisible this game I feel like it’s his worst night of the season.
Baynes needs to kick the ball out. Tired of seeing him miss 3 foot shots. 
disgusting. 
The worst thing about Jaylen's FT shooting is that it looks like he doesn't care
Terrible game for stone hands on both ends. Is he regressing from earlier in the season. ugh
All this, only up by 3 and the offense still looks terrible. 
Scary Terry bitch
He's having a bad eyelash day
It's a violent night on the court, go for it.
Don’t sweat it their tired. We got this.
Thank you for some positivity.  I usually hate the negativity and this game even got me like ughhhh
I think you meant to say game 4 
Nah he is waiting to hit the game winner 
Bad shooting night for him

2/8 from the field. 0/4 from FT. 5 rebounds and 1 assist.


Seriously
Yeah theres a fuck ton of us out here.
should have passed it.  WOuld have iced the game.
I hate it.  Drives me nuts.  I get why folks here dig him but he's a black hole and arrrggghhhhhh
Embiid too. That guy is scary
Weird game time and NFL playoffs, is my guess.  
fuck football
Might as well, bull shit game with bull shit refs
Seriously, Larkin can do what he's been doing.  Larkin can come in and swing the ball around.  Kyrie is paid millions because of his scoring ability yet hr feels like he should pass the ball and have others do the scoring when he has defenders beat.  I've noticed that his body language has been awful .  Last night he was sulking at times.  There's gotta be something outside of basketball that's bothering him.  There's no reason rozier and smart should have to carry the scoring load.
He could be tired, he could've gone cold, it's not the end of the world
He's deferring everywhere.  I think it's partly because he's a bit sick
Refs are cunts fucking over all of Australia
Boston looks tired
Nets barely holding on 
> sloppy ass-game

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Impossible
when he plays hard he is scary.  He's getting motivated by those bad calls on Baynes and taking it to the Nets.
Yo I say nasty things in my head... about other teams and players ^and^Brad^;)
They played us hard 4 games this season now. They aren't a bunch of scrubs.
Yeah but given how inconsistent all our bench guys are, I knew we'd struggle :(
I said specifically about the last second shot on 3rd quarter. That said, this game is actually really bad by both teams...
I don't listen to trash. Sorry. 
I was confused because I thought they played today and 4th round matchups arent announced until Monday.
No that can't be.... THATS IMPOSSIBLE!! 
And some horrible refereeing
Yeah they played Norwich today and it was one of the worst games I’ve ever watched. The 4th round draw is Monday yeah!
The premier league will be on next weekend, they will never have two weeks off, loses too much £££
It happens. At least you were trying to educate.
Celtics record based on what OP eats during the game
And to make matters worse, the Bruins have their bye week this week and the Pats don't play until Saturday
I'd just imagine 2 days on either side of the game would be enough to get over jet lag or 1 day before, 3 days after the game. 
All we can use him for his illegal screens nothing else 🤷🏾‍♂️
Don't get any ideas guys. Not a good pick-up for us.
Nah fuck off, had your opportunity. But I hear Cleveland are hiring centers.
I do not want the Lakers sloppy seconds
I can get behind this interpretation
Yeah but have you seen them the past 2 nights? A 1-4 stretch could be the dagger
What do  you mean?
OH MY GOD THAT'S DISGUSTING
We need a shooter desperately 
When our team is rested and players have the energy to battle for rebounds/loose balls, our defense is insane. 
I will always fear Scary Terry! 
Read my comment again. You're bringing up shooting percentages, where did I say he is inefficient or a bad player? I just dont like his game, thats it lol. He does need the ball in his hands a lot, im seeing very little ball movement from their part, maybe it works for them (seems like it does) but I just dont like it. For example I rather have Kyrie score "just" 18 pts a game but move the ball than to try to iso basketball and settle for difficult shots.

And its a know fact that butler is not as focused on defense as he once was (which is understandable), don t know why that surprises you.
Not anymore :(
I was saying he doesn't lead the league in 3fg%. Sorry I see how that could be misread! I'm the biggest Jaytay fan this side of the Mississippi 
i mean we have computer games don't we?
He has a number of rehabilitation goals he needs to focus on before he can focus on the basketball ones. He also need to get back into basketball shape as well as mentally be ready to play. It's very unlikely he plays this season.  We haven't heard anything because rehabbing this injury is multiple months of time. Don't get your hopes up about Gordon playing it's very unlikely. 
Yes I'm an entitled local Celtics homer, I demand the team update me on every single fucking detail of Hayward's recovery even though the past couple weeks have been hull of holidays, extended time off, and severe cold weather. 
Nah 75% chance it won't even If they get worst record, but there's a lot of season to go
It won't once teams start actually tanking. That said, holy shit, what a terrible performance.

Kuzma looked like me in 2K when I'm still rocking a 60 overall.
If you were to simulate the rest of the season [this is how it would turn out, apparently](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2018-nba-predictions/?ex_cid=rrpromo). Obviously it's just a simulation though. 

Lakers projected for ~~4th worst~~ 3rd worst.

Hopefully this prediction holds up.  
[remember the worst submission ever](https://reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/7ir5on/im_so_happy_yall_are_fucking_boston_with_all/)
I’m not familiar with how the trade works. Why does Philly get the first pick of the Lakers do the worst? 
Yes... and they'd have an 80.1% chance they won't if they have the 2nd worst record and an 86.2% chance they won't if they have the 3rd worst record. Someone has to get the #1 pick and the team with the worst record still has the best odds of getting it.
Third worst actually, which gives us the highest chance of landing the pick.
that tool who started the thread is in the stupid hall of fame.
You’re pathetic really. 
> It also helps that at the moment cavs are the #28 defense in the league by rating... add isaiah into the mix.. they'll be fighting for the bottom spot.

This was also the talking point last year about how bad the Cavs defense was. They then went 4,4,5 into the finals 
Ugh why didn't the team just force the video tribute onto him on Wednesday's game? 
The 2/11 game is at 3:30 so the Cavs will be here 2/10. The Bruins play at 7 pm on 2/10, at this point I just hope they invite him and his family to the Bruins game and show the video for him there. Just get this stupid thing over with.
It's a done deal. Danny already said they will show the tribute on pierce's jersey retirement night. There's not much we can do about it. Can we move on from this fucking topic already?
this is a bloody joke, sick of the chickens (EGO) squawking with one another.. HOW MAN TIME-OUTS ARE IN A GAME (10+), meaning to tell me you cant spare ONE to let them have a brief high light clip


This is real shit.
People have been dropping 300 bucks for balcony seats to this game.  I don't see that going over well with a lot of fans. 
You guys suck, wow. Crazy how this sub changes opinions like that over something stupid. Guys like you are why celtics fans are hated
Wolves don't belong on that list. They're not a great team. 
I was shocked to see them in 4th place in the west. 
Shocked as in they should be higher, or shocked that they should be lower.
# [IT](https://streamable.com/nubc2)


# [IS](https://streamable.com/uz8b5)  


# [SO](https://streamable.com/vwus5)  


# [GOOD](https://streamable.com/ie32p)  


# [TO](https://streamable.com/t7vmr)  


# [SEE](https://streamable.com/bjoex)  


# [THIS](https://streamable.com/787xo)  


# [TEAM](https://streamable.com/06m84)  


# [GET](https://streamable.com/x7995)  


# [SOME](https://streamable.com/n6f2h)  


# [DAMN](https://streamable.com/r3u67)  


# [OFFENSIVE](https://streamable.com/5vyx6)  


# [REBOUNDS](https://streamable.com/9m0vu)  


# [!!!!!](https://streamable.com/i1pt1)  


# THE CELTICS REMAIN UNDEFEATED SINCE THE PREMIERE OF THE BANNER '18 CHRISTMAS BOOGIE  


# EVERYBODY [HAVE A BLOODY RIPPER OF AN EVENING](https://i.imgur.com/iOpEkH1.png?1) AND [DO THE BANNER '18 CHRISTMAS BOOGIE](https://streamable.com/d6ix1) TO CELEBRATE
[that fucking nissan ad](https://streamable.com/od5hz)
Kyrie is a GAMER. Had complete control of this game, can't wait to see post London Kyrie!!
Is Wiggins now one of the worst contracts in the league?
[Scary Terry, bitch!!](https://res.cloudinary.com/teepublic/image/private/s--p7vgPKkW--/t_Preview/b_rgb:0f7b47,c_limit,f_jpg,h_630,q_90,w_630/v1510377423/production/designs/2044413_1.jpg)
We survived a KAT 20/20 game! 
Terrifying Terry 
fucking awful
At least Jae Crowder is contributing *something* this season
He was soo bad tonight. Is this an outlier or has he been having games like this this year? 
Remember the game against Detroit in the Garden?
Inconsistent is a step up from consistently bad!
#SCARY TERRY
I was at the cavs game the other day, and I couldnt decide on just one shirt so I wore the Hayward t shirt with the Kyrie jersey overtop. I thought both deserved credit
Ah seems like that was slightly better, I guess I didn’t see that game. At least this game was a W. It’s just shocking when Smart plays so efficiently
Don’t be ridiculous we’re getting both 18 and 19 this year
SCARY TERRY
Nasty
Memed a man into the white house. Memed a Terry into something scary
Guys I don’t mean to overreact but: Jayson Tatum.
i want this guy to fucking crash, why do you need 4 cameras to fucking park
Dude Minnesota getting the SOFTEST fucking calls right now wtf
Refs taking over this game. Fuck off
this fucking ad man
So what the fuck? Did we or did we not get rid of that rule this year?

Can this league please make up it’s god damn mind.
From listening to JVG this first half.. either he's having a really bad night or there are some things not going well in his life.
Paul pierce has spoken sorry Isaiah
Here come the refs, seems like it’s every fucking game this year
Jimmy Butlers hightop fade is weak compared to JB’s 
"come on" that's how i feel when i see that fucking nissan ad
at least theis can save me from this hell which is the nissan ad
Dude...

Rozier is actually insane.
Just remembered how much I hate butler
Fuck espn
Oh god I forgot Crawford plays for the Wolves. Let's hope he doesn't have that random game where he lights us up
Offense threat marcus == league fucked
I never knew I hated KAT until tonight

Refs are insufferable when they hijack a game.
Another home game 

Another hosing by the stripes
We might be playing sloppy but at least we're not drop-the-ball-on-the-inbound sloppy 
Pace is getting crazy, scary even
Do I keep hearing a beeping? Usually after a whistle or basket. Maybe I'm just insane. 
I adore Friday night games, just way too burnt out from the work week to even go out usually.
This game will literally be determined by Jaylen Brown and jimmy butlers hightop fades 
these bernie and phyl's ads are even worse they don't even remotely sync up... fuck you bernie, and fuck you phyl
Bad call #2
Towns flopping worse than Harden rn.
damn i want to date someone like mia that makes me want to speed and slide all over the fucking road like that
The ESPN commentary tonight is god awful
both Jaylen and Tatum regressing to the mean from 3pt land
Playing like shit, still a 2 point game against a tough team. I'm not worried
I figure this is just a bad game from Butler, but man he does not look like a star
ROZI3R! SCARY T3RRY!
We are so fucking blessed to have Tatum on our team 
Bummed to not have Morris! His ability to get-a-bucket-when-we-need-a-bucket and tough defense have been invaluable! All the same, let’s fucking crush the t-wolves!
What is a bloody ripper.. I have no clue whatsoever. A really bad fart?
Sorry guys drunk and forgot to say I’m at the game

https://imgur.com/gallery/Qh1f3
We have no free throw wtf
Holy fuck I hate Towns now
wtf
Between these refs, the half court style the wolves play and us missing shots this game is not easy on the eyes 
It's crazy how KAT is getting all these superstar calls at our home
Lets just attack Towns every possession.

Dude can't defend a napkin.

We gotta go to Al, esp. late in the game.
We got a whistle, wtf
Baynes has the worst hands.
Gotta be frustrating for kyrie getting doubled after every screen and not having any teammates shooting well
Attack the fucking rim
Man, our offense looked so solid against the Cavs :(
I know this is said all the time, but I legitimately did forget Hayward is on this team until today when I was shopping for jerseys. Tough offensive stretches like this wouldn't be nearly as brutal with him out there. And it's still only a 2 point game.
TATUM NEEDS TO SHOOT THAT WTF
Marcus in the paint fuck yes
I'm late but Theis is a three point threat!!
this game uuuuuuuugly
For such an "ugly game" we're only down 2.
So scary
Why do they keep talking about how cold it is indoors? Are the heaters not working?
Baynes has to be at least 65% from that spot 
Terry Rozier jumps out the fucking gym
TIL I hate Karl Anthony Towns and Jimmy Butler.
Game, blouses
Tatum is 19 years old. This is just stupid.
Holy shit this game is boring haha
This game is so meh...
Man these ESPN commentators have been unbearably horrible tonight
KAT is nasty
Gibson is #67, wtf is that random ass number
Silly ESPN forgot the squeeze when the ticker came in and covered up the score bar. 
Scary Terry boi
**SCARY TERRY** 
This tito fellow is rather scary
I wonder how Mook would've done against Towns. He's probably too small
Baynes stays fucking up everyones assists smh
stone hands is ice cold these last few games. 
Cold outside... colder inside. 3/21 for three
This is a game for Shane "Our saviour when everyone is cold AF" Larkin
We tired
WTF
this is dumb
This game feels like an eternity 
You know wiggins is bad on D when he lets Marcus just straight line drive 
SCARY TERRY HOLY SHIT!
Wait... did they just MAKE a three?! Game over now
January is going to be brutal. It's cold as shit and there aren't as many games as there has been... cabin fever will kill me.
I know the shot isn't falling but we've been in control all game. We'd be up 40 if our fg% was as it usually is.
jesus our shooting tonight

brad please less practices :(
Shooting practice, everyone fails but Terry
Baynes made a layup! The play was already dead, but dammit he made it!
LET'S GO FUCKING HUSTLE POINTS!!!
Damn that dude on the end of Minnys bench needs to ditch the headband real bad...
BRICK FUCKING WALL
The game is almost over and Minny may not even score 80 pts.
Brad it’s time. I must attend my sermon at the church of Nader Ball 🙏
Can van gundy just shut up about the replays already? Every game jesus
man, both offenses look fucking terrible so far
Jaylen randomly has 4 fouls now
game of the century 
Oh, I accidentally put the Wisconsin game on the TV instead of the Celtics ga-oh, that's the Wolves' offense? Oh.

Oh...
Wow, my stream is very behind.
Jaylen has this insane move mastered - throwing people off balance with hip nudge. Jimmy flew away, he did it to LeBron a few times since he was drafted as well
Not a great qtr....but also not a great qtr by the timberwolves so it cancels out
What time did the game start? I missed the first 6 minutes :(
Twolves Defense is tough
SCARY TERRY
wtf is that call
Has anyone got the video of that scary terry jelly? i wanna watch it again.
Van Gundy sounds like he has a cold
god streams are fucking cancer today
Man, we are ice cold.
FUCKING RIM!
This fucking game holy shit
Kyrie is not even trying to score just swings it around .  Wtf
tatum and brown look like their age this game
TAKE THE FUCKING SHOT
Its crazy that Kyrie draws three dudes whenever he has the ball
KYRIE FUCKING SHOOT THE BASKETBALL BE KOBE GODDAMMIT
This game reminds of the late 90's games between the Knicks and Miami. Seriously, 110 combined points after 32 minutes of play...
holy fuck tito
fuck Jamal Crawford ... hate that guy
Holy fuck, the three does not want to go in tonight. Ugly.
Damn that was actually a sick block
Eesh this 3 shooting is painful tonight
That's game
Jayson clutch as usual
Damn Minnesota got to 80....


:(
I don’t like the Tatum regression from 3 :(
Tough game.
This game is a disgrace
At this point in the game a Theis 3 isn’t the shot we should be looking for. 
Come the fuck on Baynes. 
That was lame
Playing so damn slow and lazy 
i'm frustrated

Wow. 
wow.

This is a brutal game.
I think we tired asf
AL is busted...fuck. side of the knee too fuck.
Play rozier the rest of the game since Kyrie is scared to shoot.  
To bad my dentist is closed....I'd rather go there
Theis has been terrible tonight
Terrible play by Tatum. 
Anyone else find it annoying and embarrassing how often our commentators complain about the refs?
at least you didn't attempt to ride your bike home tonight
Wtf how
Dis is de fucking way my brothers
Fuck you just jinxed it
Fuck Ajit Pai
I think that might be at least league average
The streams are fucking doodoo tonight ugh 
I actually applaud LeBron for not giving a shit about his hair, shit's stupid anyways.
IF I HAD TATUM HE WOULD PLAY 47 MINUTES A GAME 
Plus that fucking snow :(
Let’s hope he loses his brain in the 4th like Harden then. 
You’ll still actually be drunk though my friend 
I mean, yeah, his name's not Gordon Hayward.
I believe he is/was sick with cold/flu and is recovering. He sounded stuffed up in postgame on Wed.
Means something or a situation is really good/awesome eg. Last nights party was a bloody ripper aye!? 
fuck that ad 
It's fucking working oh my god.
He’s a fake tough-guy. 
HOW CAN YOU NOT ENJOY THE MARCUS AND TERRY SHOW?!?!?
i cant find one either. it sucks.
you have to use nbc sports boston if you have it, but you have to watch the fucking nissan ad every 10 mins
I was already going crazy with boredom so I went out and joined a DnD group just to have something to look forward too.
Thats odd. Usually he's like 28, 4, 1 or something like that.
Jaylen can't stay in front of Jimmy.  And the last foul was bad luck.
Can't be mad at an analogy like that.
I have no problem with the refs overturning a bad call for the other team.
they hate us cuz they aint us
Anyone else find it annoying and embarrassing how often refs make bullshit calls?
I mean, jerking off on my way to work doesn't sound too terrible...
I know, it's like thirty whole seconds slower though :(
it sucks 
Hahah not quite now, but talk to me late second half or in the post game thread and we may get there. Cheers
i noticed he thought that shot Al made on the Rockets was ugly af on the video of his reaction
I think it'd be cheap on a weekday other than Friday. Friday and weekend day games are absurdly pricey regardless of team.. but I thought it might dip with the cold and snow.
Been there a million times. Never noticed it being particularly cold.
its not that bad. thanks man
Unfortunately, don't have it in my country.

Streams are my only option and it seems none of them is cooperative today.
Fuck. Jaylen. Fuck me in the fart box.
[I'm watching on this, it's bad quality but it's watchable at least.](http://live.livewidget.net/streamvideo10/boston-celtics-vs-minnesota-timberwolves-live-stream-4555050.html)
That is not ideal
They hate us cuz they anus
He's missed like 3-4 shots from 2 feet this game. You're nearly 7 feet tall. Make the damn shot. You don't get applauded for fucking up and then fixing it. 
its bad and i am trying to get it removed
I see it at least once a day on r/NBA 
I'm right smack in Boston. Yeah we got I think about a foot but it's 2-3 feet around the streets now after the shoveling so for someone without a car, it sucks to walk around :(
im just trying to find a celtics feed. none seem to work the past few days. 

Yep definitely. Scarey ass fuckin bastards.
This might be stupid but im of Indian origin so should i put Indian or Asian? 
I'm Filipino and a lot of Filipinos who grew up in the USA are claiming to be pacific islanders which is wrong, so I picked Asian and Asia. 
I wish you could hate multiple teams. Cavs and Lakers tie for me.
OMG HELLO I HATE THE KNICKS
I've done comparisons year to year and a lot of the team hate shifted from the Heat to the Cavs when LeBron moved. 
I'm not gonna downvote you, but you're very wrong for writing such a thing. 
What a disgusting username
wtf there's a marcus morris subreddit?
I feel like I’m taking crazy pills. Am I the only one who notices Morris never gets his hands up to contest shots? It drives me insane 
I'm honestly sick of this story already.... People been arguing for days about a 2min video. Let it go
It's a sad day when fucking Isaiah Thomas gets more respect in this subreddit than Paul Pierce. 
This is so dumb.
Does everyone get a fucking tribute now?
omfg everyone shut up this is the absolute worst narrative
Fuck IT, he's so greedy

PP Is a legend
It's actually giving me a headache reading shit about this now. The fact people are getting mad at IT for this is just absurd... It's a fucking 2 min video we are talking about sheesh
What? IT has done nothing wrong here. Seriously Pierce needs to get the stick out of his ass.


**as Draymond said**: *"You thought you was Kobe, you ain't Kobe homie!"*
could be. but who knows what team he'll be on. what if he's on a west coast team and the only game they play here is in like april. that would be like almost 2 years removed since he last played here as a celtic. could be kinda awkward.
youre getting downvoted but I 100% agree with the rondo part. that was fucked up and I wont forget that- wade should have been booed not rondo
No, i'm just tired of hearing all this shit. None of this would be happening if he would just say "Nah i'm not gonna talk about that", but he keeps feeding the media and the narrative with his answers. It would all be over with if he would just stop answering questions about it


I’m just tired of hearing about IT all the time
Naw, I am a Heat fan, so I hated Pierce. Well still hate him.

**EDIT**: DOWNVOTES??!?! Obligatory **FUCK THE CELTICS!!!**
That is some convoluted, stupid shit right there. 
Sorry guys that is nbadraft.net 
We would be CRAZY not to take Bagley at 2 IMO. 
I mean you should never draft based on need in the NBA. 
and Kyrie :(
Hayward, Brown, Tatum and Porter on the same team would be crazy
What you would do and what the Pels would do probably don't match up.


And how dare you speak badly of Jaylen LITERALLY MJ Brown. 
yes the cap would be an issue. Basically no matter what by then we will be a bit over the cap. This would mean we couldnt sign anyone (besides MLE ofc) let alone a max player
Thank you. I missed some of the Hornets game because of the time change
Lame. Will either be putting toddler to sleep or walking dog at start. Or possible still feeding toddler.
Wasn't this game on national tv? If so, what happens?

How is it not postponed?  Didn’t Boston get the worst of the storm?
That’s tomorrow game. 
She can crap in her diaper.
How cold is Massachusetts in the winter?
Fuck your Fahrenheit. I know its a german unit but i hate it so much
Rude.. Those are legitimate questions
Dude just fuck off. Please 
IT has you calling Pierce “selfish” in your otherwise reasonable take.

Think about it. You say you wish he would be “unselfish” but said he deserves to be  “selfish” for not wanting to share his number retirement game. 

You think it’s ok, but you are still calling him selfish twice. 


What a terrible position IT has backed Paul Pierce in just so he could have his way. 

But you’re not calling IT selfish. 

I don't know what to do for people who are distracted by this. It is a two minute video played at a basketball game. 
I guess not lmao 
IT is no longer a Celtic, if you’re an IT fan before a Celtics fan you’re on the wrong forum. If you can’t understand why his actions are decisive and causing controversy you’re intentionally sticking your head in the sand and it’s pointless to talk to somebody who isn’t listening so I’m out
Both were traded. IT had zero control over how this played out. I understand your silly arguments. Both deserve to be honored by the team for their contributions and neither is at the expense of the other. 
I believe in our team but the Pelicans frontcourt is kinda scary...
Sorry, but there is no way the Celtics will beat the Jazz this year.
0-2 against the Spurs, Nuggets, and Thunder

Beat everyone else at least once
Yeah, I hate when AL has to face physically dominant big men.
Plus Rondo always steps up his game when he comes back to town. The fact we have struggled with bigs makes me think this will be a really tough matchup. 
Those thunder games were painful. We literally could not stop Westbrook he was scoring at will on every possession 
Will never forgive IT for dragging Paul Pierce into his reality show drama parade. 

PNG.
Sorry IT. You ain’t getting a tribute video till next year after the Cavs throw you out this year as a salary dump because you voluntarily chose to destroy your hip. 
See what IT did? 

He fucking turned it into  Celtics fans asking damn Paul Pierce  to share his fucking number retirement game with him.

IT asked to move his welcome back video to Paul Pierce’s night and you’re disappointed in Pierce?

You are literally saying you are disappointed in Paul Pierce right now.
Think about it.

We are not playing a tribute video for a star of our rival during the playoffs, that's ridiculous
He wants his family to be there to see it. Jeez what an awful man he is. 
That's... such a stupid question. There's plenty of reasons as to why they couldnt be there the other night.
Calling a question stupid isn't the same as answering it.
>He can say when he doesn't want it

And I can think that's a little selfish and entitled.
> stupid ass-thing

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
You're from Framingham and never went to a Celtics game?
Chill man it's just a Reddit post don't take it so serious 
I have been voting for Jaylen everyday. It's a fucking farce that a geriatric D. Wade is ahead on that list of both Jaylen and Beal.

Do these fans even watch games this year? Wade can't even jump anymore at times!
Jaylen's got fucking Based God and Gucci Mane in his corner. 
Even wilder is that Tatum is fucking 7th for frontcourt...don't they take 9? or is it 6?
You said it. There was a time when Wade had close to Westbrook-level athleticism. 

They even did that [‘fall seven times get up eight’](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fzvFAcbS0RE) thing in his commercials because he kept attacking the basket and falling then getting up again to attack the basket. Then after his knees basically evaporated due to the beatings he took, he started playing dirty, even hurting Rondo in one playoff series. 
>I expected him to be a 18/5/5 player

thats your fault for having such stupid expectations.
You put way too much effort into this comment for it to be this bad
how in the fuck is LBJ behind Giannis, is it Greece?
Look at Manu in the west. Holy shit!
Dwade over al horford!? Fuck outta here
Fan voting is ridiculous, IT and Wade shouldn’t be on that list 
I FUCKING HATE Schroeder but even I gotta admit that is fucked, he is killing it this year.
Yupe maybe 1/3 but imho they should drop fan vote its really bad
Kyrie-DeRozan-Lebron-Giannis-Embiid would be a disgusting lineup
Porter is poorly utilized in Washington.
Watching wizards games porter is a poor man Klay Thompson. Jayson is already at Otto level. 
I think you're behind on this, it flipped again 
Hard Work
Who is Hamilton, I am sorry to hear he has passed away
not.  

He had a mask on vs. San Antonio and he hit 6 of 10 which makes it impossible that he didn't hit at least two in a row.
Speaking of pathetic attempts at humor...have fun digging up my dead relatives 
Oh im digging into a hole all right but not with that shovel.

Jesus Christ are you guys trying to set me up for crude necrophilia jokes?
I’m sorry IT made it so you even had to say it, Paul. 

Just ridiculous, selfish and thoughtless stuff. 

Real Celtics fans have been against this idea all along.  We got your back. 
I did not ask for this beef :(
Oh for fuck sake, how can a tribute video cause this much shit. IT should have had his tribute video yesterday. Feb 11th was Paul Pierce's day. It's meant to be all about him. However, Paul Pierce is being petty af. I blame IT more than PP, but God, this shit is annoying.
Celtics gave IT his shot to have a tribute video. This was it. When they play the cavs again, celtics should treat it like any other game. No IT video, no standing O, that's it. You're just a player on another team now.
IT shouldn't want to have his return video on the Paul Pierce jersey retirement night either. The night should be all about Paul anyway, wtf is even the debate? I mean c'mon.
Wait he changed his mind over night or espn told him it would get ratings if he did.  I can't wait till they die they have zero insight about anything. Fuck espn. 
I'm confused, didn't we hear that Pierce doesn't care, now we are hearing he does..... 
This is all so fucking dumb and embarrassing. 
Me too. I can't believe the hate he is getting. 
It's honestly insulting that they would even consider it. It's PP's night.
And gave up dream to retire a Celtic. I mean he uprooted family from 15 year home so we get Brooklyn picks. Without Pierce and KG agreeing, there would be no JB, JT or KI.
I'd feel their fanbase would side with Kobe with no questions asked. The fact our fanbase is split on honoring Pierce alone or with IT's video involved is just sad. 
Who cares about that fucking rapist
Yeah, I am with Pierce. They just side with IT because the "Boston betrayed IT" narrative has been milked and milked and this adds to it. IT is causing distractions now, and I am starting to get a little sick of iit. 
[I smell some contrived BS from ESPN asking Pierce to do this given his comments said last night as Ainge referenced this morning] (http://www.nbcsports.com/boston/video/ainge-not-concerned-about-playing-isaiah-thomas-video-during-pierce-day)
Seriously?
The night he is getting his jersey retired dude, are you numb?
Yeah I hate how there is so little loyalty in the NBA these days. I remember the days where players stuck with their teams. 
Not even a question. If we had Thomas do for us what he did for you guys and Thomas demanded it be on Kobe's night instead of earlier in the year because he was still sitting out, we'd tell him to get fucked 
Filthy
I can't believe it either. It's so ridiculous and exhausting. It shouldn't even be a damn thing. I hate it.
He was talking about the hate Pierce is getting for saying this. 
People are young therefore they are wrong! Argue your points for or against the issues. It’s not like the users here are in diapers 
fuck IT
I'm drunk on vacation whatever I say is nonsense 
Honestly we agree. I just want it worked it out and enough of this "fake outrage" that leads to people making all of these aggrandizing indictments of IT and his character. It's sad, frustrating and unnecessary.
You are so dumb it's not funny.
His kids have school bro. God kids are dumb.  
This. The dunk contest is just dumb these days.
Gordon got screwed over so hard
[Surprised to hear it's the first C's rook since Marcus Smart] (https://twitter.com/ESPNForsberg/status/949008713637093376)

Also: [53/45/81 TS%: 65.7 Net rating: 8.9] (https://twitter.com/Kungu_NBA/status/949010040194785280)

EDIT: [HOLY CRAP THIS LIST IS SPARSE] (https://twitter.com/celtics_stats/status/949009379831017474)
I just turned 20, and it’s crazy to think that he’s younger than me, wtf am I doing with my life?
Sad Jaylen didnt won one
How the heck did Larry Bird go to the all-star game as a rookie and get named Rookie of the Year but not win Rookie of the Month *once?* 
In the past 3
Gotta google before getting outraged.
You spelled Michael Jordan wrong.
It’ll hurt if he has a couple of bad games on national TV, but judging by the way he’s playing recently, that doesn’t seem like a problem ☺️
He has some of the worst range in the league 
I mean all he said was heck he doesn't seem too outraged to me 
That's what my holy shit is about.  I thought maybe he would give one a shot every few games, especially late when the game isn't close. 
Fuck it. I'm in. 
the past is the past bro, kick today's ass
Ahajajaj, i guess you didnt watch the wolves game.
AHAHAHAHAHAHA HE OWNS A RAY RAY JERSEY AND NOT A PAUL PIERCE. Get outta here. Fake fan. Go home. 
Why not a gold or orange jersey? Like wtf does grey have to do with the Celtics?
He's not better. Any time someone someone says anything about Marcus you come to defend him. It may not even be negative yet Marcus fans need to protect the dude. It's weird as fuck. 
That defense looked legit, like it did at the beginning of the season. Cavs did look tired, but I think our defense made them uninterested to attack. 
If the Lakers have:

* the worst record, there is a 75% chance of getting a pick 2-4

* the second worst record, there is a 79.1% chance of getting a pick 2-5

* the third worst record, there is a 80% chance of the pick going 2-5 (with a chance of it going 1 or 6th)

* the fourth worst record, there is a 70.9% of the pick converting

* the fifth worst record, there is a 46.5% chance of the pick converting

So we really need it in the for 1-4 range, otherwise the odds drop off a cliff
Watch out though. If the Lakers are too bad, their odds of getting that #1 pick go up and then Philly gets that pick, which is scary. Imagine Simmons, Embiid and Fultz plus whatever possibly transcendent talent goes #1 this year. And we have to play them 4 times a year plus the eastern conference playoffs.
they will have the 3rd worst record.  I will meme it into existence like lavar's life.
But even if the Lakers have the worst record, the odds are still in our favor. We'd have a 75% chance at the pick.
Nah they aren't the worst team in the nba. We should still be rooting for them to lose every game
nah, if they're the worst team in the league, we have 75% of getting the pick. if they're the second worst, it's ~80%. Not a huge difference
I'd want the Lakers pick to be the worst record. I know this doesn't change the odds of the pick ending up as number one but I don't see the team with the worst record getting the top pick four years in a row, we went years without the worst record getting the top pick before that.
Celtics need to tank for that 55 overall pick. I can't believe Danny made that trade. Awful trade, we might lose a draft pick which would set us back at LEAST 20 years. What an idiot
538 projects them to finish with the third worst record and iirc they take strength of schedule into account. 
I’m not concerned about Lebron leaving for a worse team. 
They are currently projected by 538 to have the third worst. 
At the time tho fultz was a transcendent talent and probably the last piece philly needed, and the lakers were not expected to be this bad 
These are all independent events. If I flip a coin 5 times and they are all heads, there is still a 50% chance that they next toss is heads. Same with the lottery. Even though the worst team has won three straight years, there will still be a 25% chance the worst team wins the lottery.
Yeah I know... I'm saying the team with the worst record is due to move down. I clearly said that I knew it didn't change the odds.
I think we have 75% chance at the #1 pick if the Lakers happen to end with the worst record in the league (which I dont see happening). Porter seems hurt enough to be a future 76er.
Thanks for the link. Nit-picky, but do things like this clang horribly for anyone else?

>The FC Barcelona soccer fan briefly wondered . . .

Congrats on learning that about Jaylen. Maybe save it for another time when there's even a hint of relevance.
Well now the context/process is slowly being revealed in explaining why Ainge made the moves that he did.
Thank fuck.  Pierce himself said it was alright.  People need to stop acting like fucking children.  Dude played through the death of his sister and a hip injury and people can’t spare 30 goddamn seconds.
Oh god I could give a fuck less. Everyone's being a whiny brat in this sub about it now
I disagree with it but I understand Danny doing whatever he can to finally cut ties with the Celtics’ crazy ex-girlfriend, IT.
Seriously. 
Seriously go fuck yourself 
No Gorman said he thinks Danny won’t. He was wrong
Which is why IT gets an 80 second video in between kiss cams, while Truth is *getting his jersey retired* and will be treated like a Don in the Garden for the rest of his life. 

The Celtics are *for* the fans, we love both players, both players are getting feted at the appropriate level for their service. Any "controversy" is manufactured anger for angry people. 

All this faux outrage calling it a "slap in the face" to Pierce and all that hysterical crap is drive-time sports radio bullshit. 
Nope. I just realize his place in the history of this franchise. Sorry I don’t over rate IT like the rest of the Brinks Bois 
You're turning 80 seconds of your life, 3 months into the future, into something that makes you mad. It's ridiculous. 
[Crazy this was four years ago](https://i.imgur.com/FvUIT6F.png)
Is it just me or does it seem like Jaylen's passing has improved over the past few weeks?  He used to get tunnel vision and cause turnovers but it looks like he is slowing his game down and improving his vision. 
Although he may have been a little quick to run to Twitter, I don't like how a bunch of our sub ran to the Crowder hate train. The guy balled out for us and always gave 100%. No matter what we should show respect for what he gave to the franchise. 
My streams weren't working. Had to resort to the ol boob tube :( 
nah they in fuck the celtics mode all the time
It’s really annoying when a lot of them said Cavs is just coasting in the regular season and once playoff starts they’ll make it to the finals no matter what because of Lebron. 
NBC sports boston had the game too. Never pass up Mike and Tommy 
Not gonna lie, hated that move until it went in.  Was asking myself why he wasn’t posting him up.
It's annoying, but that's kinda what his teams have done for the last 6 years in a row. So until someone beats him, it makes sense to bank on Lebron going back to the finals. I just hope we can be the team to break that streak.
He is so athletic and actually a few inches taller. It’s crazy.
I could be wrong (in fact I probably am) but I definitely remember them playing the Heat and Hassan was playing. Think it was game they lost but not sure
Oh we played them 3 times. I missed the November 22nd loss and he played that game. 
They would have had a nasty, nasty big 3 with Kyrie/Kawhi/LaMarcus.  Pop coaching that type of team probably takes them toe to toe with the Warriors.  Hell even if they had to give up LMA you do it, if you can pair 25 year old Kyrie and 26 year old Kawhi.  
how hard you say?
I feel super stupid saying this but can someone please ELI5
FAKE NEWS
I mean if a college coach is going to get an intern to get your Hookers to come to his school at 18 you are gonna be a stud
It’s a tweet from when Terry got drafted and they didn’t like the pick. Now that he’s playing well he’s proving the tweet wrong. 
What a sad life that'd be 
That's awful, never want to think about that again
https://i.imgur.com/dAHPRZj.gifv

it's every bit as awkward and terrifying as you'd expect
What a crazy concept. The guy literally traded for Kony Ealy just to make other teams believe he’s not committing rape every time he makes a deal.
Ealy still had a solid season with the Jets which was weird 
Thats a tough one to read

Wtf people thought that??
Boston's got a Friday/Saturday back-to-back against the T-wolves and Nets. 

Then it's the break: 1 game (against the Sixers) in 9 days.
Pre-Season that wasnt an outrageous claim (Tatum vs Jackson). I'm not sure if anyone besides Danny Ainge was this high on Tatum, dude is head and shoulders over the rest of the draft class so far. 
Too bad this subreddit is in full “FUCK IT” mode. It’s sad. 
You’ve been on a hiatus so it’s not your fault, but the sub is sour on nicknames and the ultimatum is not popular
oh i remember. "we already have 2 defensive point guards who can't score, why are we doing this?"

i also remember "brown over dunn is absolutely idiotic"

and "i can't believe we didn't take fultz. you have a generational talent you take it. trading down is stupid"

i remember thinking all of these thoughts. be glad im not in charge of the C's organization. im gonna stop trying to predict anything ever again
DON'T DOUBT SCARY TERRY BITCH!
TBF, when Terry doesn't have his shot going he elects to drive and has god awful attempts at the rim.  Didn't really matter tonight because the Cavs interior D is non existent.
Yea this one game proves them wrong
Bobby Portis wouldn’t have been a bad pick either 
YOU DUNN FUCKED UP
Keep talking dirty to me, it's working
If he was a starter on a worse team those numbers would probably look like 15-5-5 which isn't really awful. He's the third point guard on this roster.
He's coming off a game the previous day, and is sick.
>he looked up at me

Subtle shade 
Fuck NBC Sports and their shitty cameras. 
[Fuck you.](https://www.instagram.com/p/BdgHuLyjGt5/)
Scary Terry!
Really shocking the dude hasn’t been banned yet. He’d probably still be talking about how this team sucks after a game 7 win over the warriors
Gino time ✅

IT return ✅

Terry: Scary

Bench Scoring ✅ 

Garbage time Nader ball 🙏 ✅

Fun game indeed
This was a statement game on Brad's part. He's been managing starters' minutes throughout December. Tonight, he said "let's see what happens when I take the leash off." This is what the Celtics will look like in the playoffs, and the rest of the league should be very worried.

Also, Kyrie is a fucking hero. This past month people have been talking about how he plays too much hero ball. Tonight, the Cavs did everything in their power to marginalize him, and he responded by helping his teammates put up big numbers. Tons of respect for his game tonight.

TL;DR

**SCARY TERRY**
Fuck Dwyane Wade, he wishes he could be as fuckin rad as Scary Terry Rozier
Cavs fan here. Hell of a game! Was not expecting the lockdown D that you guys served up for 4 quarters! Looking forward to the rematch in Feb!
#ALL RISE FOR SCARY TERRY
This will always be remembered as the Jae Crowder revenge game 
#[I know we give Fultz crap but he had some words of wisdom for LeBron](https://twitter.com/markellef/status/347206347617599490?lang=en)
Terry is un fucking touchable FUCK R/NBA 
The Celtics can beat the Cavaliers in a 7 game series.
And i thought this game would be close...
Jayson Tatum is unbelievable
This game really reminded me of how fucking horrible Crowder is haha
Obligatory Fuck Wade
Yo Marcus was gonna pat IT on the head after the game but then decided against it😂😂
# FUCK KYLE KORVER
Waiting for a 3ITKH hate comment. 
Scary Terry's fear factor has reached the max 
I was at the game and it was electric! Every play made was met with tons of cheers from the fans. Sat near Scal and Abby and I feel bad for them didn’t realize fans are constantly screaming their names just to try and get an acknowledgement so I stayed quiet. But that Jaylen dunk had everyone in their feet!!!
Fuck r/nba. This one's for you guys.
Did they bother playing out the rest of the game after that stepback?

I closed my stream and moved on with my day because I was so embarased for the Cavs.
**Kyrie “starting Scary Terry” Irving**
scary terry is my husband 12/10 he’s getting a bj tonight 
Dwayne Wade

Scary: [   ]
Not Scary: [✔️]
But she really struggled with that bit about the worst record teams...no flow
Oh my god. I don't go in game threads, was he **still** whining this game?
Literally nobody booed IT. I saw some idiots online saying this cause people were booing lebron when IT walked out of the tunnel. 
Seems a bit unfair.
Na he was feeling it and kyrie was hounded when he had the ball if there was a game to do it this was the one 
Unfortunately we beat CLE HOU and SA without at least one of their starters 😕
Scary Shane?
Yet people on this subreddit hate the guy now because of his comments about tribute night
Its not as crazy as some people may think.

I still favor the cavs, but I think we wouldn't get manhandled
Not reactionary, teams come in with a game plan of how they want to attack eachother on both offense and defense and it's up to the coaches to adjust as the game goes on. The Cavs never adjusted and the Celtics cruised to a victory. 
I was wearing both! I couldn’t decide on one since I was at the game 
After tonight perhaps we can forget about Mook. He was awful
Hard to argue with that math
Fuck what did he say!!
Scary Jabari?
He's been terrible all year
Bad fucking bot
That doesnt mean any well coached team can beat the cavs...
Scary Larry?
I was actually screaming at the TV during that possession because the defense was so awful. And I am a Celtics fan. (Also, it was aggravating to have three chances and not get a bucket but that’s another story.)
Bad bot. Im trying to understand this dudes stupidity 
Bad bot x 2
I doubt Semi or Theis would be in rising stars. They're rising stars on our team but not necessarily on a league-wide scale. Terry in the skills challenge would be sick
[Source from Ben Rohrbach's Twitter](https://twitter.com/brohrbach/status/948730785443479553)

***

[Worse angle](https://streamable.com/n4bqv)

[Source from Chris Forsberg's Twitter](https://twitter.com/ESPNForsberg/status/948730829219516422)
Lame
It fucking amazes me how many Celtics fans hate the guy. He played after his sister died, fucked his hip up more for you guys, brought Hayward and Horford, and balled the fuck out. PP even said he didn’t mind having the tribute the same night, and it wasn’t IT’s decision to get traded away otherwise I would bet he would be here for a long time. 

But yeah fuck IT3 for wanting even a fucking shred of respect. 
Explain the hate I’m seeing in the posts about his tribute video
>He didn't want to be honored on a night that he couldn't play.

And I think that's lame.
 I can see Terry nailing a buzzer beater in game 7 of the finals to end GWS
Isn’t the Pierce thing after the game? I was against the IT video to played then until I heard Pierce on ESPN say his stuff isn’t until after the game. If that’s the case I guess I don’t really mind.
He doesn’t know why people are mad about it because he’s apparently one seriously fucking narcissistic dude. 
Nope. Sorry. Had your chance tonight.
It’s not supposed to be honoring 2 players. It’s supposed to be honoring 1.

The only thing insulting here is clowns like you putting IT in the same class as Paul Pierce.  

Celtic Legend? FOH. You don’t become a fucking Celtic legend in 2 years. 


Nope it’s pierces night. The whole thing is stupid and gone on too long. Had his shot. Missed it. 
It was LeBron's decision to fuck with The Truth.
Jae trying to injure Brown for the rest of the season too.

Fucking cunt
OH MY FUCKING GOD!!!!!
weve seen scary terry

weve seen even merry terry

but now we are seeing something even different. JANUARY TERRY
brad is smiling you are fucked
I certainly dont miss Jae's stupid ass fouls' at times
#WE WERE HALFWAY DOWN THE COURT IN TRANSITION AND THEY BAIL LEBRON OUT JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
Fucking JR for no reason hits a forty-footer.
I'm really not sure but I kinda think Semi is bothering Lebron. There was a possession a few minutes ago where he bumped Lebron off of the spot he was trying to go to and Lebron looked flustered.  


Fuck Cleveland 
HOLY SHIT!!! THEIS!!! 3 IN GAME MADE 3 POINT
Tatum moves like a fucking snake.

He just wiggles in between defense and lays it up
Through one half Theis has made 33% of our 3’s.

Didn’t think I would be saying that tonight. But whatever, we’re up by 8!!
If I was the Sixers or Lakers GM I'd hate myself so much for not taking Tatum.
everytime tatum does something i just say "19 fucking years old"
Crazy that Tatum is an immediate upgrade over jae
Jae Crowder is the definition of a fake tough guy
HE'S SCARY, BITCH
GUYS IM TERRIFIED

SCARY TERRY
hopefully the Garden is fucking juiced like it was vs Houston
8 straight for Scary Terry!
Swear to God all Korver does in this team is run around like headless chicken and drill 3s. Fuck sakes.
r/nba gunna be sucking off korver but his defense is atrocious 
I think we all came into this game expecting it to be a shooting competition between Theis and Korver 
JR would hit that awful shot that's what he does
Fuck you ref
#FLOP AS FUCK
I'm gonna boogie so hard over Cavs fans in the post game thread
Jae stop undercutting our fucking players.
How late was that call
Scarry Terry will fuck yo bitch
If they don't hit some crazy three's, they'd actually be getting blown out. 
My analytical model shows if the Celtics continue to play like this, they will end the game with the lead.
 I️ like how Brown buried a three in Isaiah’s face.
He said something back too. Bad man. Bad bad man
#JAYLEN ALMOST SLAMMED IT HOME FUCK
Feels uncomfortable blowing out the cavs
I have always wanted to hate Kyle Korver, but DAMN is he a sniper
wowwww thats late!
BRAD KNEW

BRAD FUCKING KNEW 
Tatum is too rude
Half. Time. Adjustments. Be afraid NBA, be very afraid.
Well looks like Scary Terry will have a chance to extend the lead. Cavs should be scared
Sign Scary Terry to a lifelong contract 
Terry for the late 6th man of the year push?
#WHY IS THIS GAME THREAD SO QUIET THIS IS ONE OF THE BIGGEST GAMES THIS YEAR IF NOT THE BIGGEST LETS FUCKING GOOO
Thank fucking christ no Reggie Miller tonight.
Jaylen with the coast to coast past lebron wooooo
AM I WATCHING AN NBA GAME OR A HORROR MOVIE?! 
Fuck what happened to Baynes?
Fuck Korver.

Theis can hit too!
fuck the Cavaliers
#THESE REFS ARE NOT PAYING ATTENTION WHAT THE FUCK
Fuck Jr Smith 
That call was fucking terrible 
Ben Simmons is not a better player than Jayson Tatum. I'm sorry but he's not. 
This will become a 5 point game by the end of the 4th.  
I'M HARD AF JAY 
#FUCK THE CAVS
SCARY MUTHAFUCKIN TERRY THE THIRD NUKES THE STATE OF OHIO
I think Jae googled “how to take revenge on the Celtics”, watched Kelly’s revenge game and thought “yeah, I can do that”
We're just gonna chuck 3s for the rest of the game, huh?
Fucking crowder trying to hurt jaylen just like he hurt hayward
Just wanted to stop by and say fuck the Cavs
Wade should be booed out of the building every time with the ball. I fucking hate him still.
Terry had Jaylen there. Bad decision.
Fuck Wade
SCARY T3RRY ROZI3R FOR THR33333333!
Scary fucking Terry
T-ROZZAY IS CLUTCH AS FUCK!!!
Scary Terry is bae. Dude is BALLIN. 
Kyle Korver fucking terrifies me 
THEIS IN THE GAME!!!
Jesus Lebron's hair is looking extra artificial tonight lmfao
DANIEL THICE COLD
BANG THAT SHIT AL!!!
Danny rocking that I just traded you smile should show you how ridiculous that call was. He's truly the mad hatter of GM's.
Another one of those nights where we get ass fucked by the refs? 
Fucking bullshit
There's been at least 3 instances in this game where the refs have clearly and blatantly given the ball back to Cleveland after it had gone out of bounds off them
Fuck Jae
This team defense is disgusting.


Sorry LeBron, you ain't Tatum
What happened to Jae? He’s like a poor man’s Moe Harkless now.
Tatum is fucking bae.
Baynes said “I’ll finish this game, y’all rest.” 
That fucking euro step just made me mess my shorts 
Longboye not long enough :(
Jae crowder is so bad 
Kick ass game for Terry Triple Sticks
Scary Terry baby
#SCARY TERRY IN DA HOUSE
Guys our defense is fucking legit. When everyone is locked in our length is DEADLY
# What A Game
Yo Marcus was gonna pat IT on the head after the game but then decided against it😂😂
Tatum is missing his jimbos as of late...
Fuck LeBron
the streams are all sucking so bad :(
r/nbastreams is choosing tonight of all nights to fail me :(
Wade is such a dirty bitch
# Scary Fuckin Terry
BIG SHOT SCARY
#SCARY TERRY MOTHAFUCKAS
#HOLY SHIT T3RRY!!!
Weak call. 
Fuck you Korver
when the bench looked confused 
Pass the basketball Morris you fuck
god i hate this whole "this must be a show and entertainment" thing where the refs just keep one team close 
TATUM IS FUCKING FILTHY OMG
Anyone have a replay of that outrageous Horford dunk on hand? :O
I can imagine Brad yelling at the locker room....: "fucking attack",,,,,,
That’s at least the third time the refs fucked up an obvious out of bounds call
Why are those ads allowed on ESPN they are way too fucking spooky for me 
A three by the guy who we would never throw into that trade you greedy fuck Altman assisted by the guy who we would never throw into that trade you greedy fuck Altman
Fuck your passes lebron
That’s a ducking goaltend wtf
Semi is still so raw
I want Semi's threes to go in so bad
They definitely fucked up that golden opportunity to finish this game off 
Fuck LeBron!
Bruh wtf is a Jayson Tatum 
Holy crap. Thompson should shoot his FTs that way.
Fuck I'm scared
Scary terry lookin like kyrie out there 
SCARY TERRY BIIIIITCCHHH
Now keep this bad Larry at 20+ so we can get some Gino Time!
Kyle Korver shooting in front of the 3-point line is like a woman without back hair - completely fucking useless.
Obligatory Scary Terry Beeeeeatch!!!
Roziers no hesitation jumper is disgusting
Wtf refs now want to see
JVG, no just stop. Nader is not a good player. Don't try to trick the casual fan
At the game. Decided to go with both the Hayward shirt and Kyrie Jersey since I couldn’t decide on just one
Horford woke up, Cavs fucked 
What a shit late call
Bullshit fucking call
GET WOKE YOU FUCKS, ITS FUCKING GAME TIME BABY!!!
Whenever I troll in the game thread, the Celtics are 30-10.
Whenever I say fuck LeBron the Celtics are 82-0
I'm ridiculously excited form just a regular season game! Go Celtics from the UK!!!
Fuck yeah!
Fuck Wade
I fucking hate Dwyane Wade
#scary terry
Rozier is looking dope and so is his basketball game.
scary!!
That shot was v scary :(
Wow crazy end to the quarter
Any newer fans of the Celtics: just type "Fuck Wade" and watch the upvotes pour in
#FUCK KYLE KORVER
Fucking Korver man.
what da fUCK
Morris is so selfish. Stop going 1 v 4.
Jesus that's a late and weak call. We've got away with a couple of fouls on Lebron today, but that shouldn't mean they give them that shit...
Lebronies wonder why people hate Lebron too
Holy fuck Tatum
LONGBOI TO THE FUCKING RIM!!!!
JR SMITH IS AN AWFUL BASKETBALL PLAYER BTW 
Fuck yesssss ROTY Jayson motherfuckin Tatum!!!
That was a foul wtf
I missed the beginning of the game, did crowder get any applause or anything? 
Sorry if anyone saw that troll's mean comment before I removed it! 
Crowder is so fucking bad
You're trash JR smith sit the fuck down.
#STOP TAKING FUCKING 3S
Jaylen shoulda had that putback. Man he's gonna be scary in 5 years.
Aight can we stop with the threes, we’ve missed at least 7 strait
Fuck. You. Korver.
Fuck korver
HOW

COLD

CAN

WE

GO
All that directing by Marcus just to ISO and take a bad shot...
JAYSON THAT WAS DIRTY 
DID I JUST SEE A FUCKING KANGAROO
Our bench came out on fire tonight. Surprisingly no Larkin.
We are looking unbelievable!
Forgive me if this is an awful question but could this be Wade's last year?
FUCK JAE SCORED CMON 
Get Terry To the Fuckin all Star Game!!! 
OMG TERRY WITH THE TERRIFYING HEAT CHECK!!!
Well I think we can confirm Terry Rozier has a reddit account because ever since I mentioned that I'd prefer we had drafted Bobby Portis the dude has been going absolutely ballistic.  This crow tastes bad.
GET ROZIER A MAX FUCKING DEAL
Scary Terry with the line drive threeeeeeees
my worst nightmare is LeBron leaving the Cavs for the Sixers.
Terry's statline this game is sex
WTF ROZIER ARE YOU DRUNK
I hate the Cavs
Terrible shot by Marcus, but we're up 13 so I'm not sweating it. 
Will the game be on NBC Sports Boston as well? Or do I have to watch the garbage ESPN team...
Let's fucking go! 
None of my streams are working, feels fucking bad man.
Kyrie gonna do mean things to Jose. 
This is a tough test for Morris.
slick Kyrie
Jae lowkey trying desperate to Kill JB there
#JAYLEN BROWN GOTTA WAKE UP MAKING PLAYS BUT MAKING SMALL MISTAKES

SCARY T3RRY
SCARY TERRY
SCARY TERRY BIIIIITCCCHHH
Dude, what the fuck did Marcus just do!?
I FINALLY HAVE TIME TO WATCH A GAME AGAIN!!!
man fuck ankles
Kyle Korver is unbelievable man
That bald shithead. Fuck you lebron.
Stop Korver holy fuck
Korver's jumper is disgusting
That foul was so late 
That was a foul I think, just appalling they wait until he misses the bucket to call it. Get fucked refs.
Man if we get Bamba or Ayton we're gonna be fucking unstoppable
Whoa this is a weird 3some on this commercial.
Malloy is usually a bipartisan ref.

Not sure whats going on.
Let's go green!
Streams are so bad today fml 
"No calls all game" - Cavs flair
Tough position for Mook there
Fuck you Lebron
Fuck off JR 
Used to hate on jae crowder when he was here but i kinda just feel bad for him now..
NO MORE FUCKING THREES
JAYELN FUCKING BROWN
OH SHIT JAYLEN!!!! LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!
Anyone else just see Dion Waiters in hipster glasses behind the Cavs bench? 
that lady needs to stop yelling “travel” fuck
Game. Set. Match.  GIVE ME THAT BANNER 18 BOOGIE!!!
Scary Terry = Dad
Terry


Is


Scary
What a fucking shot, Terry!
#SCARY TERRY!
SCARY TERRY WITH THE ICE
Is it just me or Crowder looks out of shape? I remember him looking buff as fuck with the Celtics.
Who the fuck is that guy who just got the layup for the Cavs?
i dont think theyre playing lebron cuz they know they lost and they dont want him to get injured on a game thats over
Stop calling fouls, just let the game end 
**FUCK CAVS**
I wanna see a dab from YABU and this game is officially over 
Damn :(
Crazy how absolutely none of you would stand to hear anything negative about Jae's game last season.
We need to hit some of these wide open fucking threes
Fuck off lebron you pussy
Cavs players are almost as bad as the Clippers when it comes to bitching to the refs 
Fucking bullshit
I don’t give a fuck about Lynchburgh Tennessee jajajaja
If Celtics blow this, it's on Brad.  These threes are ridiculous
I'm so nervous for this game. We can beat the Warriors yet we always struggle with Lebron.
and you know Crowder is salty as FUCK
Fuck dude hopefully my stream is not that far behind
Def a travel :(
Hoyl fuck
That's just brutal.
We get to watch The Jeff Green Enigma tonight!
Double T is such a god awful basketball player and he inexplicably plays well against us without fail. 
SCARY TEREY
Fuck D Wade
Oh my god I was going through some serious Tommy withdrawals
Bad call
Fuck 
So Lebron is difficult to guard....noted 
Every time we play the Cavs this frustrating bullshit has to happen. If it isnt one random player its another. Tonight its Korvers ancient ass.
Delay of game
Morris you gotta pass that out man wtf
Get Morris off the fucking court
Jeff Green slowmo drive gets there. Fuck that guy. 
wtf morris. 
What the fuck!!?!?!?!!
Whats kyrie's three pt pct? I feel like its worse than previous years.
Fuck off Lebron
That was a fucking DUNK
I get giddy watching Tatum. Kinda silly.
This has gotten sloppy. Take it to the lane! 
I mean, I hoped we do well but...
Oh my fucking god!!@
Ohhh Kayleb that was nasty
Holy shit Tatum!!!
What happened to KLove? Sorry I’m at work and I’m watching spurts of the game
why are we taking those threes wtf
That would have been so fucking filthy.
Fucking Marcus just missed a wide open tatum and turned it over
Wow a fucking circus shot
Semi is having a terrible night
Terry is fucking money with that step back 
T-Ro Scary Terry cosplay from R+M, who says no?
Jae Crowder and Marcus Morris look absolutely terrible tonight. 
FUCK YOU JAE!!
I hate Morris so so much. Pass the fucking ball. 
Damn Terry should have taken the time off the clock :/
I'm sick of Star Wars
Can someone hit a fucking shot? 
No more 3s pls
These guys have a habit of getting up big and then jacking up awful 3s to let the other team back into it
The Cavs are playing really really badly imo, and we are shooting terribly, we desperately need a shooter like joe harris
Morris is just bad I can’t stand watching him play. 
Fuck you Lebron you shouldve never picked up a basketball
Let's do this!!! Curb stomp these POS Cleveland Cavs! FUCK LBJ for injuring Gordon Hayward.
How're you not sure who to cover in transition
Smart with 4 awful plays in a row...good god.
Oh shit I thought I was talking shit in the Cavs thread I’m sorry guys I didn’t mean to insult you guys 😅❤️
Terrible possessions to start this quarter
What the fuck was that possession? Rozier is terrible trying to play off the dribble. 
Fuck. Gonna need to use that disabled player exception on a big man instead of bench offense if it’s an ACL
Semi and Baynes in, can see it getting very ugly for us
Should have snapped his fucking ankle in half 
At least a few people understand how basketball works
I hate everything about the state of Ohio.
Fuck we need a gif of that shit!
He was 4/5 that game against the Bulls
There is no peak to his game, he will improve forever. 
Looking to pass up Korver on the all time list by the end of the game
Law school wtf I’m a sophomore in college 
Bored for Gino time?
**THANK FUCK**
REGRESSION TO THE MEAN HURR DURR 

STREAK WAS A FLUKE HURR DURR
Fuck yeah 
Klay Thompson is a fucking cunty bitch!
Some fucking random shit, indeed.

I'm dreading that break for the London game now.
All the LeBrons would get tired of not getting help from the other LeBrons. 
fear knows scary
ever hear him on dan patrick?  it's awful
Because he's Terry the Scary!
Infuriating. 
It’s disgusting how these refs show favoritism to their baby LeBum. 
And they went to the cpu to see it!  Fucking refs are a joke 2min report and replay my ass
yeah it’s annoying to me for some reason 
They booed a lot too :/ 

no wait he deserved it? Uhh....... confused now
I think people said he’s sick..? Not sure.
Wtf is that
Well that took a hard turn 
Does he really? 

Wtf!!!
Looked like it to me too. At least half of his foot was out (not a foot - his foot).
It’s hard to maneuver around all of Australia.  
Of Scary Terry?
They don't call him scary for nothin
fuck the cavs
Shut the fuck up JVG
I think everyone on Reddit is at least a little bit a masochist 
Literally every single one I can find :(
Yea, I've watched them couple of times this season.

They play very lazy at the times, then James gets mad and shit goes south for them.
i saw it. stupid fucker. 
I hate that quick one he took tho
make it painful
Let's hope. Fuck that dude.
Scary T3rry
*u/3ITKH violently shakes*
Its gonna be impossible for them to practically get lebron 
I hate Cavs fans, they smell like horse shit.
He keeps going in and out of my lineup because he'll have one game where he scores like 30, then he'll go 0-12 in consecutive games
Some people just want to support their guys no matter what. Conversely they now hate players they defended last year. It all evens out. 
He sat out the 4th, so it doesn't count. Or it's fake news.
Am I wrong?
Because it's like the 7th failed 3 in a row. Just try and go to the rim if it's not working out for you.
I still hate you and your team
Probably was afraid to foul. I don’t blame him. He’s likely gonna miss that.
I hate you so fucking much
Fuck off
We wanna know where the shit?!
:/
Totally true! I was sick the entire break, over three weeks .. I still am now. It was God awful but I got to watch a ton of movies, play some video games, read, and a ton of hobbies I normally can't get to with work :(.
SORRY BOYS IM JACKED UP ITS GONNA BE ALL CAPS ALL NIGHT
DON'T REMIND ME :( 
Undercut him hard after JB pulled up from 3
My bad, it's even worse haha.
I misread it. He had six rebounds... :( And 3 assists.
im interested to know why hes an awful person. I hate him too i just wann aknow
Man you're stealing my thunder :-(
Exactly, go fuck yourselves  
Don't fucking MATTER, I give ZERO FUCKS about you son. I'm only cheering for you the CELTICS for another 9:57 then i'm OUTTIE.
Look it up, easier to say he is a shit person than it is to say he is a shit NBA player. Practically got his friend killed.
Sorry man
MAN I MISS IT! :(
IT: Sitting by the fireplace “Get em Marcus you floppin’ mothafucka!”

Mrs. Thomas: “Language! The kids.”

IT: “Sorry babe.”

30 seconds later

IT: “He got em again! Harden you stupid bitch!”

IT’s son: “Why does he get to use those words?”

Mrs. Thomas: Kneels on one knee “Daddy is an adult.”

IT’s son: “Then how come he fits in my stroller?”

IT: Bruh
I mean I'm an inch taller than him and I'm fucking nobody. I don't understand the point of this comment, or you being so incredulous that average people are over 5'9.
Sorry I'm 5 inches taller than IT. And have 20 lobs on him. 
I'm sorry but I'm actually 5 inches taller than IT. Oh and I have 20lbs on him as well. Did I mention I'm 5 inches taller than IT? 
At least Curt won the Boston a ring.

Edit: I mean did he not?
Yo the worst is when you go to a party/club and get like 5-10 numbers and think you did well, then none of them text you back the next day
Ouch. Too relatable. I didn't do anything bad this year but last New Years was very bad. 
Youre not a great person, friend!
I mean, I️m sick of IT too. I like to think I️m alright. The guy did a lot for the Celtics but he acts like we owe him something when in reality, we don’t. It’s sports, it’s a business, it’s unforgiving. 
Drunk me is just a different animal
Flu game incoming
Saving for whenever someone says oir commentator sucks
I didn't realize I had a choice, fuck ESPN
My go-to streamer **GeNtti** usually has a designated Mike & Tommy stream. 
The frenzy will be based on IT playing in Boston for the first time since the trade, not about some highlight video that will be shown during a timeout. The actual game that the video gets played at is irrelevant; if the Celtics didn't want any distractions from Pierce's number retirement ceremony then they shouldn't have scheduled it after a Cavs game. 
People want to be outraged about this for what ever reason.  It's not going to take away from Paul's night.  Makes less sense to hold the video till next season or the playoffs.
I mean if he didn't know at the time, he knows now. So he should change his demand, or acknowledge he is being a child. 
Come on man. Pierce gave his body and soul for us for 15 YEARS, and brought us a championship.  Least we can do is give him 1 game to apprecaite what he did for us.
YOU are forgetting what Paul Pierce meant to the Celtics, the game doesn’t matter it’s a regular season game, Paul Pierce matters.
No we're going to fuck him and his worst defense in the nba
Oh, I'm such an idiot! Of course! The fact that prices skyrocketed the day of the announcement and the following days after is because of the fact that everyone realized that LeBron James was playing. Man, they really should've given fans the heads up for tonight's game as well. A lot of money lost.
Hey pal, you just blow in from stupid town?
Hahahahahaha get the fuck outta here cunt
Holy shit your comment history is straight up embarrassing and toxic towards anything Celtics. The sad part is you're undoubtedly a Heat fan pretending to be a Celtics fan, and then post all negativity. That's sad and pathetic
And one stabbing :(
He said he wanted it moved to that day and said he doesn’t know why people are so mad that it would be on the night of Paul’s number being retired. 

This is a bad take.
Maybe people think the comment is referring to Isaiah Thomas's tooth game, and in doing so they are saying that he has been through hard times like Pierce. I could understand that getting downvoted if it is assumed that is its meaning
Like I just said, that dialogue will be there whether the team plays a highlight video of IT or not. If that's what you're upset about then blame the team for scheduling Pierce's ceremony after a Cavs game. 
Kelly still got one so whether he deserved it or not is irrelevant
Unless he becomes an elite shooter I don't see any reason to keep him around. Terrible finisher, terrible at running the pick and roll, average shooter so far this season, but historically below average. 
> Of all players with at least 50 attempts in the restricted area this season, Terry Rozier ranks 226th out of 229 players in restricted area FG%

Wow, I didn't realize it was that bad...
Yeah I assume we would depending on what our lux tax situation is looking like. Regardless, Luka would still play 25+ min a game for us. 
He went from 3rd worst last season to 4th worst this season, sooo... technically an improvement?!?
If you listen to Bill Simmons or any Ringer podcasts at all, then you know the botched Phoenix Draft Night trade was a common talking point this summer. 

Ky and Frye for Bledsoe and the 4th Pick...Suns didn't want to include the pick.
And what do you mean by protections 
God I hate the Sixers. Losing on purpose for 5 years in a row is just pathetic.
I feel so relieved. Paul Pierce night doesn't deserve to be interrupted by anything but an NBA game that includes the Celtics.
Why he gotta say it like that, "he played 15 years here, not two"? He just could of said Pierce played here for 15 years and this will be his night, when he compares the two, it gives off a bad vibe idk, thats just my opinion. What do u guys think?
Ya people are fucking obsessed with IT on Reddit. They started watching basketball last May. 
Why not at least ask Paul?
Yup. I've been long sick of IT's actions since being traded and gladly hold up that belief as I continue to get downvoted like crazy. I just hope with time people will start seeing how annoying many of the things he did during this time were, instead of being blindly led by IT peppering himself insistently about being the underdog.
What is making you tired of IT?
Seriously, playing an IT video during a timeout instead of sending out the dancers isn't going to make it IT's night instead of Pierce's
He knew and wanted to know why people were so mad about it happening that night. 
Shouls run a tribute video when they play the Suns. Or maybe during a Bruins game 😂
Did he come out and play afterwards because the celtics needed him in the ECFs? No? Oh, so not even close to what IT did for the celtics. He just got stabbed. That's horrible for him, but it's not like it was some sort of sacrifice for boston.
I don't care about football or tom such a boring sport that's dying.
You must be what, 16? At least visit [their wiki page. ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Celtics) 
The guy mentioned a part of the fan base that is tired of IT. I am part of that group. You then asked what makes that group tired of IT. Since the question is directed at a group I am included in, I answered it. 

IT made me tired of IT with his words and actions this season 
I wasn't going to answer that terrible analogy this fool gave.
A guy who played a game and a half  isn't comparable to IT.  This is a terrible analogy. 
Tatum only being 19 is insane. He’s so polished already 
Not great, Bob
Don’t leave like that again without notifying me! I was worried you’d lost power, died, or even worse, changed teams!
No, still necessary and cruel. 
He’s literally played one game...
Legend? No

Great season? Yes
Based on what proof? Dont tell me that dumb rumor for DJ
You're going to be very disappointed.
Guys a pathetic Cav fan, and has been low key trolling this sub for months.
Politfact: mostly false
So that's what Stevens worked on this past Pats training camp with BB. It all makes sense now
Fans: hey I think we can beat the Cavs

r/bostonceltics: shut the fuck up you fucking SJW what is this SJW bullshit
Man you're obsessed with us huh? 
Wtf
No lol. That'd be ridiculous. 
Definitely a tough call. Not sure if Danny can pull that off again, but I wouldn't put it past him. 
If I say it, y'all will get upset. 

Edit: And I don't mean AD.
me scusi im a poor euronoob, no understand this expression
For all those people in the sub going crazy over nothing 
I imagine if Pierce were to say "I don't want IT to have a tribute night on the night of my jersey retirement" the IT fans on this sub would call Pierce selfish for not wanting to share the spotlight with another "Celtics legend".
Anyone realize how stupid wed look if he has a big night and Cave beat us while our organization is cheering him on, we should take a page out of the Patriots book and just move on from players tbh
People are seriously pissing me off with "stop bashing on IT omfg it's just 2 minutes bro like wtf y u so drama"

fucking equivalent of why are you hitting yourself
So bring your family tomorrow. Not that hard. 


If Pierce said that I’d have no problem with it as it’s his night. But I doubt he would say as the jersey retirement is after the game and IT’s tribute would be during a time out. 

Also why do you say “IT fans on this sub” like we aren’t all a fan of IT? 
BECAUSE WE NEED FAUX OUTRAGE ON TWITTER. PEOPLE NEED TO GET MAD ONLINE
What consequences? Play the video, give him a standing O, pan to Pierce who will be there and clapping along with everyone else, and move on. The Cavs come to town twice, waiting over a year is wrong, and he's not playing tomorrow night. There is only one option, and the tribute and jersey retirement are in no way mutually exclusive

So was it fuck Paul pierce and kg when we played the nets? Fuck the cavs, I hope IT drops 40 on us and the cavs lose by 60. IT deserves our gratitude and I hope he fucking kills it this season and gets a full contract next season. 
There seems to be a sentiment on this sub that disagrees. Hard to imagine on what is supposedly a Celtics sub, but there you have it. 
It's actually sad to see people feel this way about Isaiah...
It is IT who is upset about it, which is ridiculous. He is the one changing the schedule, or trying to. 


I know man I know. I figured I’ve commented enough about this topic that people know where I stand. People are silly. 
Pierce shouldn’t have to comment.  You clowns that would set the guy up to even have to address this nonsense are a fucking disgrace. 

This cat I was addressing was so embarrassed he deleted his post. Take the hint.
Pierce earned a night to himself, period. Sorry you disagree. 
It’s so sad all these so called fans have no respect for Paul Pierce
Isaiah spent a season whining about the trade? You’re insane.
We shouldn’t even be addressing this. Pierce wouldn’t address it cause he doesn’t give a fuck, take a hint. 
That’s a terrible analogy. 
I have and he constantly says he loves the city and the organization and that it hurts to be traded after pouring his heart and soul into the job. Stop being so dramatic.
It's still a night dedicated to him. Showing a 1 minute video of IT during the game wont really change anything considering Pierce's jersey retirement is after the game.
If pierce came out and say he wanted the night to himself, then I would be on board with denying IT his consolation gift. But he doesn’t cause it’s not a big ducking deal. If we played by your logic they shouldn’t even be playing a game that night, fucking Kenton James in to garden ON PAUL PIERCES NIGHT!? How disgraceful they aren’t cancelling everything and watching 2 hours of pp highlights. You are whack af. 
My bad I thought you were talking about IT as the Celtic of this generation. 

Completely agree that it’s PP. 

However he shouldn’t even be asked to share his night with anyone. 
Your angry and autistic im done with you bruh ✌️
Agree to disagree

Edit: Eh going through your comment history I can tell you just hate IT for some reason so I dont see the point in arguing here.
Tell me how I dont respect Pierce please? And you can also root for a guy without wanting his team to succeed. You know it's that thing that makes us human. If you hate someone just because they got traded from your team (after they gave their heart and body for you), you're a piece of shit fan and need to grow up.
Oh my god the dude gets to the line like 4 times a game and avoids hard contact. Blasphemy in the sub today
fuck Lebron 
What is going on in this thread? He’s not playing, therefore it doesn’t make sense to play a tribute video. How is that difficult to understand? People sounding borderline ridiculous in here.
I’m genuinely shocked at how everyone is responding. Everyone seems to be letting out their suppressed Isaiah rage.
You guys are so insanely reactionary its pathetic. I simply will not stand for any Isaiah slander in this sub. 


This literally changes nothing, IT has been saying repeatedly that there is no love lost between him and the fans, so grow the fuck up
Jesus this reaction is why I hate associating myself with some Celtics fans. Some people are overreacting so fucking hard. Dude played after his sister died on an injured hip. Stop being bitches.
IT stop talking. You and Jae. I still like you both. You’re making it really hard to still like you both. Shut up
Why can’t we have a small tribute video on Paul peirces night wtf
You'd think IT asked to have his number put in the rafters based on the reactions to this; a short tribute video that will get played either before the game or during a random timeout isn't going to overshadow Paul Pierce's number retirement ceremony (assuming they even do it that day). If the Celtics plan on honoring IT with a tribute video it makes sense that he would want that on a night when he's actually playing.
you all are ridiculous
Then tell him he doesn't get one at all. He can blame it on LeBron for trying to step on Paul Pierce's night. IT was here 4 years. Fuck him and his request.
This is all about LeBron trying to shit on Paul Pierce's night. Fuck him. He could play tonight, but not tomorrow night. No highlight at all.
IT can just have it Game One of the ECF, am i rite
Weak
Man fuck that. I’m going to the game and they aren’t going to do anything for him? Such a punch in the gut for the fans
All were saying is if he doesn’t get it now, don’t expect Pierce to have to share a day with him. Just RIP to getting the video at all. It isn’t difficult to understand a celtics legend shouldn’t have to share a the day his jersey is retired with someone else. 

God bless Paul Pierce. 
The reaction in this sub is why I really hate some Celtics fans. IT gets traded and if says something like "oh I'm not playing due to my injury can you guys wait" then the reaction is "FUCK IT!!!!"
Wouldn't that be weird to play a tribute to him next year after his team has played us 3 times, and he will have played us at home? I feel like all the emotion will be gone and it has no signifigance 
>I am livid, I borderline want IT booed for this.

wtf 

Let's just not do the video for IT then if he doesn't want it. It is total r/niceguys to boo the guy for not appreciating our tribute video.
Seriously. It’s nuts how salty and anti-Boston they are. They were both reserve players going nowhere before we got them. Now they’re indignant. 

The worst part is they’re attacking the Celtics and some “Celtics fans” are fucking cheering them on. 
nah fuck you and your indignation
Why would he come to a Celtics Pistons game?
Sounds like it was his decision to not have the tribute played, unless you mean the reactions in this thread (which are conflicting).
Just to play devils advocate, the Pierce ceremony is after the game, we could run his video before and I wouldn’t be too upset.
He could have skipped Portland and played in Boston.  

If you hate Celtics fans so much, you could always join another fan base too. 
Something I read on reddit the other day that made sense: people are addicted to outrage.


yes and its after the game
Did you though? I blatantly said IT shouldn’t have a tribute video in February on Pierce’s night, and nowhere did I say he deserves the attention Pierce does. 

If you seriously think IT doesn’t deserve any sort of appreciation or tribute video at all though you’re out of your mind. Just definitely not on Feb 11th. 
Oh won’t somebody think of the children??? 
It’s sad you can’t see past this contrivance. 

It can mean either apparently. English is a stupid language. 

https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/no+love+lost
Isn’t this game on television?
He didn’t say he doesn’t want a tribute, he said he doesn’t want one tomorrow. He wants one when his family is there and he’s playing. The only two other opportunities this season would be Paul Pierce’s night or an ECF game which are both ridiculous times for him to expect adulation from a team that he’s no longer a part of. 
Receiving a tribute is an honor not a mandate, to start laying out guidelines of how you’d like to be honored is some crazy narcissism. 
Don’t know why you’re so hung up on crying.  Must be a personal thing. 
Is it because the circuses are all closing?

Don’t worry. There will still be room in the world for sad clowns like you. 
Do you seriously believe Larry Hughes, Ilgauskas, Drew Gooden, Varejao, Eric Snow who a 22-year-old LeBron dragged to finals are on par with any 80s Celtics team, minus Bird, that made the finals?
why bother replying to my posts if you 1) are just going to assume shit about me and make shit up "no you don't mean this, you mean that." "No that's not your intention, this is your intention." and 2) you don't give a shit if I read your replies.

Is this some perverse power trip for you? Some male ego stroke? DO you make it a habit of telling people what they feel and what their intentions are?
If it was a typo why was all the information from the 88 season? Why not admit you made a mistake instead of pretend like you didn't? Why remove incredibly dumb arguments you made from posts and pretend like you never made them instead of just admitting they were dumb?
I hate these banana lakers
I felt for all the Nets fan having to watch that dumpster fire of a team for years without any chance of building any future without their picks.

As for the Lakers fan, they can get fucked.
The nets had no incentive to lose last year and they still ended up with the worst record in the league. Granted they probably had less talent than the Lakers right now.
If you asked casual non-Celtic NBA fans if they thought Paul Pierce was a Hall of Famer, you'd probably get a mixed bag of answers, even though everyone who covers the sport knows the answer is yes. Tatum has a chance to transcend to that level where it's not even a question
That would be scary with this Celtics team. But you think he’d average those stats even with Kyrie and Hayward?
Shut the fuck up Ivan. Why don't you just leave this sub permanently?
bro hell no lol. mj is a 10x scoring champ and AVERAGED 30 a game for his career. if he didn’t play those 2 wizards seasons he’d retire with an average of 33 a game in an era where you only shot 2s
I agree, the terms superstar and all-star are different in my opinion. A superstar is a Steph Curry, KD,  or LeBron James. An all-star is a Paul George, Paul Pierce, or Jimmy butler. 

But please don’t get me wrong, Paul Pierce was the freaking Truth!
So you think Westbrook is a superstar? A lot of people say no. But I’m not sure.
I’m not sure about Giannis.
I went to that bar with some friends for Game 3 of the 2004 ALDS. It had just opened so it was really empty then. It was cavernous. Maybe 20 people there watching the game. 
Jae Crowder is annoying.
I'm actually going to this game tomorrow and im gonna boo the hell out of him, sorry 
I'm ride or die for anyone who played that hard for the Celtics. I hope they cheer for him, even if he's salty about every situation ever.
He is still so fucking salty.
I was at the game. Crowder's reaction was silly. The applause was minimal. 
I hate people like you 
Agreed, not sure why you're being downvoted
Nope u wrong bitch
probably feels shitty like an employer not giving you a raise after 3 years instead giving it to some new person that hasn't done shit yet. Feels bad man.
Holy fuck
I was also at the game, cheering for Hayward
Wait... so you were at that Jazz/Celtics game? Because I was there, and I was always skeptic that [this](https://i.imgur.com/AGh95mS.jpg) might have been you
Not me,  ill support a player of my team through a lot. But if you're not gonna respect the fans I'm not gonna respect you
Jae only started getting hate after that Hayward thing.
given his production since he's left Boston, taking the years might've not been the worst idea...
And some of the abuse he got via social media was downright disgusting. 
But the narrative doesn’t matter. I’m merely pointing out that it’s a two way street. 
What?

I have respect for al but he’s not better than Draymond Green 
Probably not honestly Evans is one of the only ones keeping the grizzlies from actually being the worst team in the league
Lame 
God I fucking hate the Cavs
This is depressing 
Fuck! DO IT FOR THE FANS

I know it goes without saying but if you're at that game please give it up for Isaiah and shut down any and all haters
It's the Cavs front office and coaching staff showing blatant disrespect for our team, the organization, the fan base as a whole, and IT himself. 

Hope Kyrie drops 60 and Lebron gets injured.
I am really sad about that, but at least we can crush the Cavs and not feel sad about it
Fuck the cavs I can guarantee this wasn’t IT’s decision
It 100% was not his decision. He said in an interview recently that he would really like to play but it’s not up to him. Personally I think it’s awful they’ll play him for the blazers game but not against us. 
He said he didn't want to play if his minutes were restricted.  
He said he doesn't want to play until he is allowed to fully commit to the game.  

You're just being a prick for absolutely no reason...  

Shitting on the Cavs and putting words in IT's mouth...
my thoughts as well, and knowing Isaiah... hard to argue.
I don't think I will ever be as big a fan for another player :(
Not sure if you're talking about Paul Pierce or Michael Jackson.
video made me miss Pierce like crazy
I don't see a lot of incentive for him to leave, as the Celtics' championship window should be wide open in two years (though the cap situation may be concerning, depending on a few factors), but I also haven't discounted the notion that Kyrie is a legit crazy person and might do anything at any time.
If he makes an All-NBA the same year his contract expires, he'd lose a LOT of money signing with another team...given Boston does the obvious and gives him a super-max deal.  He'd have to hate playing in Boston to do that, no?
hey man i'm just lurking around and i hate to be that guy but it's re-sign, not resign. resigning is stepping down or quitting.
no problem man, my bad for not even seeing the edit in the post
It would be impossible for Hayward to get voted in, because the fan vote is 1/3 of the votes IIRC and players won’t vote for Hayward because he’s not playing 
I didn't vote for Hayward or IT because, in my opinion, the all star game should be about that year, not their career.  Exceptions made for superstars who are retiring and are borderline.  
Since he [won’t be playing](https://mobile.twitter.com/GwashburnGlobe/status/947906652283592704), this is highly unlikely. 
Fucking dunce 
except hes not paying now :(.... at the FT line is wayyy different than during the tribute video! If he gets them the FT line that would be crazy. 
like i said, i dont have a problem with him saying it, but i do have a problem with him not talking to danny ainge. If your gonna bring up a brinks truck dont get mad if the owner has to trade you. 

I do not think we should give him a MVP chant, i just think hell get one... im just kinda in the middle if he deserves one or not. If he does get one i think its gonna make some fans mad which is fun in itself. Im just a fan of drama :D. 
“Fuck outta here”😂
Fuck out of here 
Imbecile
Did anyone notice how bad Scal was at interviewing Rosier at halftime during the Nets game? It was actually kinda funny. 
It feels like forever since we've played.. I missed most of Sunday's game too :(
https://www.reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/7ir5on/im_so_happy_yall_are_fucking_boston_with_all/


May this link never die!



FUCK THE LAKERS
Just checked their upcoming games, they are in a world of trouble !!! I am calling it, the pick will convey ! 
They are playing Minnesota than the thunder... they will not win those games 
Ayton looks like an Embiid reincarnation WITHOUT INJURY PROBLEMS HOLY FUCK
That missed dunk by Marcus was really bad.  It looks like he has zero elevation going to the hoop.  Reminds me of guys who played with tendinitis or a meniscus tear.
And missing them badly. At least he can shoot 3s now or alot of people would be hesitant about him rn
I missed the game.  Anyone got a clip?
I just meant hes ugly asf
:(
FCHWPO
----------

also, FCHWDL

(faith consistency hard work dethrones LeBron)
how did he do it? he was a tough nosed motherfucker
why would there be bad blood?
This sub worships IT...I'm always confused why people say this when 95% of the comments about IT are praise
Really? Because I kinda hate it...
Well, you done fucked yourself then, havent you?
Kyrie 'Part-Time Buddhist' Irving ices the game!
that was a basketball game
Man that was ugly
Wtf do we have salty Nets fans here.. Who is downvoting us?! 
I think Tatum should be getting the iso touches over kyrie as crazy as that is to say 
Against the Jets none the less! 
30-10 is unbelievable with out Gordon
Because the game was over
I mean yeah!! He’s only worse in every single way at scoring
he is a bot. you can see in his post history asking for help setting up his script. bad bot
Not on sale. Only green Nike ones are, and they sell out instantly. And it’s only Kyrie and Al. Nike has done terrible with Celtics gear 
i want one so bad its such a shame
rule #1) FUCK LEBRON
[FUCK Lebron, I don't like him, he wack and he suck ass!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctOICgnvfrA)
#FUCK LE BITCH
Rule 1 is FUCK THE LAKERS
#2 FUCK DWADE
Fuck the jet... Oh wait wrong thread 
SCARY T3RRY ROZI3R BUZZ3R B3AT3R!
Fuck the refs
Awkward Scal
SMH GET THE FUCKING REBOUND 
THANK FUCKING GOD THEY MISSED
Kyrie is a fuckin weird dude
Angry bead stevens

GET THE FUCKING REBOUND 
Holy crap Tyler Zeller is shooting nearly 38% from 3 this year.

Edit: Very low volume though.
You made him mad ref
Please get kyrie mad
Angry Kyrie givin it to em
Fuck, everybody shooting 3’s nowadays
ABSOLUTELY
TERRIFYING 
TERRY 
Brown either is hurt again or bad horrible body language in that poss.
look at baynes' arms he looks like a cutter. fuck these refs
Hollis-Jefferson is a weird player
Really hate the stagnant Kyrie for 3 possessions that we seem to get down the stretch sometimes. 

I have no issue with Kyrie for 3, but at least some off-ball motion and hand off would be cool. 
No more hero ball 
That was ridiculous.
That is a very bad shot
Uh we need a gif of the ICE COLD woman IMMEDIATLY 
Sometimes I hate these long ass endings
Anyone have a link to a stream? sorry if this isn't allowed.
Tatum 30 point game?
im sorry did u mean 
#L O N G B O I
Palladinos voice broke so bad on that morris 3
lets all go vote for marcus for the all star game
I wish I could play 2k.  I never really played an NBA game. I bought that shit last week and cant figure out the controls. So fucking complicated.
Jaylen visibly frustrated standing in the corner on offense there 
The Tatum Tots are a little cold tonight.
That was one weird possession 
Brooklyn plays hard. 
Tired of the Kyrie hero ball this game. Run some damn offense. 
You're tacky and I hate you
Terry is frightening me!
Fuck really the crazy frog?
Tatum ask for the ball fuck man
Uh oh... Kyrie's mad. 50 points on the way.
Jesus Tatum was hit from behind
That was the worst block/ charge call ive ever seen 
dirty Al
How the fuck did it take them that long to call that 
this game has a bit of a Rocky look to it -- "they don't know it's a damn show. they think it's a damn fight."
Kyrie looked like Scary Terry on that steal
Mook is hitting his form again, fuck yeah.
Acy is just plain gaabage
could've been a monster finish if Jaylen caught that. I'm badly missing Jaylen's dunks :(
Scary Terry the Fashion Designer.
Fuck the Morris haters 
There is the incompetent Tyler Zeller I know!
These are some of the worst refs ever
What the fuck.
Ah fuck
I think Tatum should be getting the iso touches over kyrie as crazy as that is to say
weird fuckin halftime show
Shut the fuck up crabbe you alien looking motherfucker
Autotune working hard on that anthem .  Broadway?  How? 
Theis ugly release almost always works
Dunno if I like this ultra small lineup ...
Larkin if you is gonna gamble on the steal at least keep track of your man
WTF they gave that to him?
Nets 1 turnover wtf
Sloppy game 
Piss poor offense and defense.
boston is so frustratingly inconsistent 
What the fuck are these refs watching 
is this subreddit doing a meetup game this season?
Def off game
Jaylen’s hands are slippery tonight :(
Marcus is just so bad at finishing
Fucking Terry.. That was just stupid. 
tyler zeller is so bad lmfao
How are you an NBA player and be that terrible at shooting free throws?

Did we get some G league refs or something for this game? What's going on
Terrible shot by Kyrie. If this is the effort level they come with against the Cavs, it's going to be a blowout.
The Nets are so fucking annoying
We are so slow on switches
Assistant coach: lets slow it down and run some plays

Brad: Uhh...Kyrie and Al iso.
Tatum making up for being the only guy without turnovers in that sloppy ass rockets game.
Horford putting up really lame numbers as usual
This is terrible
God this team is sad. 
It’s crazy, especially given how well he shoots three’s
It can never be the wrong thread to drop a Fuck the Jets.
why?  listen you can be  a fan but don't be a fucking "my guys do nothing wrong homer".  1.  swearing a the ref is a tech every time.  2.  legit charge.
Marcus needs no welcome 
He also was sloppy as hell when he got the ball.  It's partially on him too tonight.
No we just got kinda lazy 
No win is ever embarrassing 
The devil you know.. we get his offence needs work but it’s improved on last year and his defence we desperately need.
Every time him and Rozier shoot I see Tatum open looking sad
Rozier's quickness and shooting ability with Marcus' strength and passing, along with both of their mad dawg defensive mentality? What player comp do you like for this combo?
What’s crazy is if you morph Lebron and KD you get an actual Mack truck, imagine that
:(
Shut the fuck up, you have no clue what you are talking about.
You cant be serious. He is the heart and soul of this team. 
You mad? Probably genins 
If you keep playing with it you’ll go blind
Mods can we ban this blatant troll?
How the fuck have you not been banned yet
How bout a fuck the Yankees? 
Seriously tho...


Don't think he's trolling given his previous posts - he is clearly wrong though
NO!

We are the worst team to ever exist, how are we not 40/0?!?!?!?!
Oh please, you are full of crap.
They weren't pull ups. 


And open 3s includes a lot of bad pull ups for him.
They aren't playing better though. The defense is still terrible. 
I'm going to the game in Portland on 3/23 😏
 Fuck it  just  give him  the rest of the month, april 1st comeback, just to pull our ankles
TIL late March is 2 months away
I thought it as a joke until Harden broke the single game postseason turnover record in an elimination game blowout loss at home to the Spurs without Kawhi.
I just wanted to add, I HATE James Harden.
I hate to be grammar police but seeing "Steven's" always kills me
Dark times. Turner and Zeller were and are so bad. 
I haven't seen a stronger power dribble since BB. And like you said, he seemed to swish about 60% of all jumpers. Downside was mediocre hands,  average footwork, and slow decision making/*constant* gathering.
I just realized that Amir has made a shit-ton of money the past few years, even for NBA standards. $12m, $12m, $11m
One small note about Demetrius Jackson... he is still getting paid by the Celtics in 5 years.
Looked at the wrong stat, I was looking at the efg%, doing it on a work computer tabbing back and forth
i've heard "tall money" for Amir, but maybe i'm wrong
I hate losing but i wouldnt be rly mad if we lose to the nets this game tbh
Fuck that. Beat the nets who cares
hope we lose and the nets make the playoffs. fuck the cavs
Worst case scenario, he is the next Michael Jordan. 
Yea he def made a statement in that Warriors game.
>I mean, at worst i see him becoming a jimmy butler-esque player

I know Ainge never pulled the trigger but Jimmy Butler is still probably a top 10 player in the league. He's so highly undervalued it's disgusting. I'd take Jimmy G over Paul George and everyone on our team except Kyrie.
he has small hands?
That's ridiculously unrealistic and unfair to Jaylen. 
Just turn your seat into a standing place, dont be like this lazy fans just sitting around
I think I am definitely headed there before the game!
How do you do this? Tickets are crazy expensive these days
I could be wrong, but I think it's by section 322!
They are like $11-13 at the game.
Yeah my bad dude. I was arguing with someone who was telling me how Kyrie is an overrated scorer and mixed it with your comment. Didn’t mean to get so aggressive.
Still sucks on offense
No argument there, it’s just silly that the article is written so half of each paragraph is restating that. 
He is one of the worst offensive players in the nba.
He’s not worth 22 a year he’ll be 34 by the offseason he might want to play with a contender weather it’s us the rockets the spurs the warriors or the Cavs assuming Lebron stays btw comparing boogie to Redick is insulting 
Fuck boogie, lets get LeBron on the vet min.
I'm all for this but 2017 is officially too fucking weird
i want a hug from jaylen brown and lil b :(
Does it bug anyone he blessed like 4 teams that we hate
League fucked.
OH MY FUCK 
So fucked
Thx guys! By not living in the us is hard to get all the info
Are you trying to get the curse of the based god? You’re crazy man 
I feel bad that no one gets your joke. Have an upvote.
It was an Instagram [post](https://www.instagram.com/p/BaZLWy2lC5j/?hl=en) Kyrie posted after the opening game. 
My bad fuck ima quit Reddit while still being asleep 
I know what you mean on the surface... but remember that almost our entire team from last year's #1 seed is gone (some on the Cavs!), and with all the Lebron rumors, you basically can't say who's going to be on either team in 3 years. It's a crazy time to be a hoops fan.
as a die hard 🆎 fan this would have killed me
Yeah this would've actually negatively impaced my feelings of Danny on an instinctual level, regardless of Randle's performance. You just can't do something like that.
I know I did :(
Was going for Jermaine O'Neal myself... at least the Celtics version.
i mean, i have no clue, but people were deff saying that at the time of the trade
Bailing typically is used negatively in this arena. Ruthless as well. 
Not a Celtics fan just lurking on the sub...

I just wanna say if the Celtics and Brad got to develop Ayton it would be over. He has MVP level ceiling. The league would be fucked.
Bamba is certainly the worst of the 3. But still presents a lot of upside and versatility if we fall/manage to get the fifth pick 
He was wrong a lot pre-Nets trade. He had his hits of course, but the JaJuan Johnson/E’Twaun Moore draft was an utter failure. Can’t forget the Giannis miss. 

That being said, I’m just playing devil’s advocate and trust Danny entirely.
Doncic is an NBA vet and has yet to play an NBA game.  Don't overlook him just because other european prospects have flopped.  He has some serious talent.
Wasn’t Jajuan taken like 27th? I think anything past the lottery is a crap shoot. Can’t blame him. In the lottery his hit every pick besides Giannis IMO. The Giannis miss was bad but if you’re getting a player as good as olynyk at 13 I’ll take that all day.
It dosnt mean that Bamba or anyone else should 
Yes that’s basically the point, all the late round picks that turn out to be studs have things you can’t scout. Like draymond/IT’s heart. 
> And he shoots 19% from three on almost 2 attempts per game. And 60% on FTs.

He's 19 and this is out of 12 games and you're saying he'll never be a shooter and has zero offensive upside because of this?  How can you be serious?  His shooting mechanics aren't even bad at all. He can easily improve those numbers in a few years of development. Jeesh. 
They have that for every game 
They have had a tough schedule.  It's going to be hard for them to stay at the bottom when other teams start tanking 
>it's getting to the point where it's really tough to question Ainge.

Bingo. 08 title, the retooling of the team to keep us competitive from 2010-2013, the Rondo trade, the IT trade, the Nets deal. His resume is long and well-decorated.
Fuck thr Lakers. 
Watched the clips lakers game last night. If you have the chance to watch, do it. WORST game I of ball I’ve seen all season. 
Makes me irrationally angry how shitty teams get up for us and put up stinkers against bad teams. I guess that's human nature though 
The amount of people that is willing to trade Tatum in a package for AD is seriously annoying.
I watched the whole game. The Lakers were hideous. The Clippers were trying to hand them the game, too.
And it doesn't even matter when they gut their team and sign 2-3 stars in the offseason solely because they're the Lakers. Annoying AF

No need to weep for them.
We beat the Warriors, but I wouldn’t pick us in a 7 game series. 
Of course it's very possible. But last year Brooklyn wasn't inclined to tank yet they had the worst record. Teams that are bad tend to lose games even when not tanking. Some of the better players on the Lakers will also end up getting traded or bought out to open space for the future and have things like picks to rebuild. So this already bad team may become worse when other teams are tanking.
Theyre only this bad because Lonzo is out.  Clarkson is a bench player and Luke Walton has the same amount of coaching ability as his dad does in announcing.
Hating on anything bill Walton is just crazy 
Pretty sad actually, I wish there was a way for every violation to be called because it feels kinda dirty. 

I might be alone on this one but yeah. 
Every argument that contains the phrase “millionaire athletes” is likely a bad one
You're seriously delusional if you think that.
I’m annoyed that a player is being given credit for running a play that was designed by the coach. I’m not sure how that’s unclear. 
This is such horseshit. The coach calls the play and the players execute. The same thing has happened every year since Brad Stevens became the coach. Giving Kyrie credit for running the play is total crap. In fact, Kyrie almost lost us the game by going rogue late in the 4th when we were down 2 and dribbling it off his foot instead of setting up a play. 
Honestly travelling in the nba is shit, so when they single it out at the end of game and say the celtics did it 5 times, its just whinning.  I think have you watched an entire cavs game? If they called it by the rules it would be called an insane amount of times.
So we are giving Kyrie credit for following the play drawn up by the coach? I didn’t misread at all. That’s stupid. If you’re a player, that’s your job. If you go rogue, especially with a stud coach like Stevens, you should be benched. 
Is this just for the week?  It seems like it's not, but those rankings are really weird otherwise.
I swear Simmons suited up for at least one game last year, though he didn't get any minutes. 
it's a weird way of doing power rankings
close to it. was a very weak year for rookies last year
Because having a year to train with nba level staff and learn nba level plays give him an unfair advantage. If you get injured in the NBA and miss out on big contract extension? Championship? MVP? All star?  All tough shit, you dont get a do over so it's unfair for roty to be different.
Yeah last year was one of the all time bad rookie of the year race. 
But the moment he gets a jumper, end game
No team preferred to see Pierce with the ball at the end of a game over KG.
Except Boston.

This sucks
Trying too hard
Oh my god.

This is for Anthony Fucking Davis.
Seriously. People get so angry and irrational. You got angry people saying Smart is untradable you have sangria people saying AD is not available you h e angry people saying you have to trade Brown and Tatum you have other angry people saying hey wouldn’t trade Tatum for anyone in the nba. 
Say it with me. 

FUCK. 

THE. 

LAKERS. 
If the season ended today, the Lakers would finish with the third worst record in the NBA and have an 80% chance to land a pick between 2 and 5 -- aka Danny Ainge's pick.
The price we paid for this pick?  Drafting Jayson Tatum.

Ainge crazy for this one. 
 FUCK.
 THE.
 LAKERS. 


Fuck the Lakers
Lottery day will be too fucking stressful for me man. I nearly had a fucking heart attack last year. 
Imo Schröder deserves it.

Yes he is flawed in some areas of the game, but he can score solid 20+ppg and he can dime aswell.
I think you nailed it with Indiana but I don't think any of those other teams would. His skills won't really help bad rebuilding teams. He's the type to add to a team with a chance of turning the corner. 
That's $13 mil a year. Not that bad. Roberson makes $10 mil
Keep kyrie, release Horford, and fuck Tatum 
Well I want to keep Kyrie and tatum, but for the game's sake:


Keep: Irving

Trade: Taytum (and cap fodder) for Davis

Release: Horford, maybe stretch provision. I don't know
your game is dumb..
Oh my god the silence kills me every time. Fucking league pass man
[raw sauce](https://gfycat.com/ThunderousBossyAfricanparadiseflycatcher)! 
That’s why he’s awful?

Wow. 
Your an idiot. Morris got the Technical which caused Stevens to then get the techincal because of how bad the foul call was followed up by a horrendous T which was overdue for such a bad referreed game and Brad just didn’t want Morris to get a second one. 

You need those Techs in situations like those games to fire up the team.
Your an idiot. Morris got the Technical which caused Stevens to then get the techincal because of how bad the foul call was followed up by a horrendous T which was overdue for such a bad referreed game and Brad just didn’t want Morris to get a second one. 

You need those Techs in situations like those games to fire up the team.
Your an idiot. Morris got the Technical which caused Stevens to then get the techincal because of how bad the foul call was followed up by a horrendous T which was overdue for such a bad referreed game and Brad just didn’t want Morris to get a second one. 

You need those Techs in situations like those games to fire up the team.
I think he's just assuming the guy is finding reasons to hate the team because they traded IT. Just go watch the Cavs man...
I still have friends who say our schedule is negligent and we’re JUST regressing to the mean. It’s infuriating.

I don’t care who our opponents have been, or what our SOS is, or whether we’ve played more Western teams or home games or away games or fuck all of that. Our schedule has been brutal this month and I hate that it’s being discredited 
I mean they’re basically at the halfway point of the season and it’s not even January. 
I’m not usually big on playing the what-if game, but can you imagine if we had beat all the bad teams like we were supposed to? We’d have about 5 or so fewer losses at this point and could be sitting at 34-5. Without Hayward all year.
You're a sick fuck if reading a typo would make you want to kick a puppy. 
fucking Cedric Maxwell the legend
Went to this game, holy shi the crowd went insane during that last sequence.
2 games with 2 days rest coming up thank god that stretch is behind us now on to London soon.
A few highlights from last nights game thread:

[1](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw548z/)

[2](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw0tor/)

[3](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw3jfn/)

[4](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw5sh0/)

[5](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw4u03/)

[6](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw6cao/)

[7](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw09wp/)

[8](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw0dxl/)

[9](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw08xv/)

[10](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw07kx/)

[11](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw13b9/)

[12](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7mqjku/game_thread_boston_celtics_2810_houston_rockets/drw1mtw/)
All those times everyone said Marcus’ flopping was stupid.



Well, that stupid shit just won us a game. 
And Horford got redemption for [missing that layup](https://youtu.be/eSdRCLjr6-Q) in the same game.
how about the clothesline on Larkin early in the game?  one of the worst calls I've ever seen in my life
This is so hard to watch without changing pants
Very few coaches could make Nader a viable bench player
I expect the refs to make bad calls cause they are humans too, but this one was so bad it actually surprised me. 
For a night at least. It was something else. And it was his night for 47+ minutes. 
Yea makes sense on the second one, but I would have preferred in general that he made both to ensure worst case it goes to OT
Nah dude some hate. Like when he aired a corner three early in the game. He misses are always bad, but his makes are clutch, passing is amazing and rock solid defense makes up for the hate I have for him. 
I hate these witch-hunt comments as if people can't be upset and say irrational things in the heat of the game.  so lame and stalky.
that first quarter was depressing as fuck.

Na i just want all of our shots in that 26 point comeback instead of full game like how timi made a highlight for that 19 point run in that warriors game
Luckily it's so cold in New England I was already wearing 3 pairs.
I can't tell if this is serious or joking but either way I'm cracking up
Hey you say stupid bullshit, you gotta live with it if people eat it alive. At least they didn't delete them like some bitchmade " fans ".
Not saying you're wrong but that is a massive ask. And if he is, he will be a HoFer by 26.
>a bit apathetic

way to rubberband how badly you were overreacting. Motherfucker you were 1 salt shaker away from saying fire stevens and trade smart.
Fucking legend 
Kevin. Fucking. Garnett.
Would've been a bloodbath every game
It didn't get real ugly until 2005.  Those Jim O'Brien teams were actually fun as fuck. 
He won us the game. Plain and simple. 
https://twitter.com/celtics/status/946587215987200002 Just watch Harden after Al's game winner he was mad as hell.
Remember how our defense was going to be so terrible after losing Avery and Crowder?

Man, those were the days 
Celtic fucking Pride 
His game and improvement curve reminds me a lot of Schroder. I hope we keep him long-term.
And they play the Clippers tomorrow. Think Blake Griffin might be playing tomorrow. 

TAKE MY NEGATIVE ENERGY LAKERS!
They could beat the Clippers, but that's a brutal three-game stretch afterwards
Yah that’s not good
I think he could develop a Rudy Gobert type of offensive game 
We will be scary when Hayward comes back. 
Almost as scary as terry
we're scary NOW
Scary 
Stevens could throw this lineup on the floor when he needs a stop late in the game...

Rozier-Smart-Brown-Ojeleye-Bamba
FUCK YOUR STATISTICS!!
Seriously. If it was a Raptors choke against us instead, the vibe would be 100% different. Mad respect for Rockets fans.
Could also be someone's clever answer to "I hate having to move buckets of fucking ice all the time". 
holds ice. doesn't leak. has wheels. 

Not sure what else you need. 
Whenever I iced the bucket was always just an inch or two too small where I had weird angles for my feet / toes
I mean I don't think the our game has "nothing" to do with us. They benefit from our losses with their seeding, so while I do agree that they are haters, they are also pragmatically motivated to watch us lose.
Ah man this made me sad :(
Evan, Kelly, Phil, Aves

All gone :(
i miss those guys so much :(
Trap game Sunday 
Wait, he had an ASSIST?! Holy fuck!
IIRC correctly, he mised two shots early on in the quarter and had a bad turnover by stepping out of bounds or traveling or something 
This game made no logical sense.
Wow that's crazy 
And they did... they fucking did it :')
i have witnessed some crazy comebacks under president stevens
He is boring af... 7 FG and 30 something points...
Ahh yes, the game that we won, but still lost. 

That game matched us up with the Hawks in the playoffs, when we could've matched up against the Heat or Hornets instead. 
That game had the 66, 76, and 86 Celtics players in attendance
No - in fact it probably made their playoff seeding worse because they drew the Hawks (and lost) 
Realistically, what's your opinion on how a 7 game series against all of those teams would go?
True, that Spurs game was in San Antonio tho and they needed two crazy Manu three's to beat us. 
Curry was hurt for the warriors game too
Who was that punk ass kid sitting behind the bench wearing the GSW shirt with that shit eating grin. Punchable 
Seriously on rewatch that stands out to me. These ato plays were insane.
Not sure what you were seeing on the nba sub cause I just checked it and it was almost unanimous agreement those were fouls. Marcus!
Fuck it boys meme it into existence
That's weird that they were discussing Jaylen, he didn't even play tonight. 
I want this so bad
I don’t know what that’s supposed to mean. I’m a die hard celtics fan. And like a lot of people I’m completely sick of IT
> I’m completely sick of IT

Why? He never put the city and the team in a bad light. He's said time and time again that he loves the fan base and the team. The only person he doesn't* trust now is Danny (and probably the other 29 GMs) and he still worded it nicely. The only reason why he keeps talking about the trade is because every reporter always bring it up. He's sick of talking about it. Why the fuck do you hate him? What the fuck did he ever do to warrant this.
I HOPE BARKLEY COUNTS US OUT EVERY SINGLE GAME
Is the wording of this implying that we aren't also a top-3 team in the NBA? Because fuck that shit
I can't handle this game. 
On the other hand, DAntoni was terrible in the last possession. Just let his guy shoot from deep with no actual play. 
Say it with me
#FUCK. THE. REFS. 

Thunder fan here. Just wanted to say fuck the rockets. that is all. 
C's just committed a fuckin robbery fuck yeah
Where's all the panicky fair-weather fans saying how we suck and lost the game? 
Wtf is going on in this world?! We have families that can't afford to make ends meet, yet here we have Marcus Smart living rent-free in James Harden's head SMH
WE LED FOR 3 SECONDS OF THAT GAME
HOLY SHIT WE WON!~
FUCK CHRIS WEBBER

FUCK JAMES HARDEN

FUCK THE HATERS

AVERY'S SHOT WAS A THREE
CAN WE GET A FUCK CHARLES BARKLEY
KYRIE FUCKING IRVING  
MARCUS FUCKING SMART  
JAYSON FUCKING TATUM
AL FUCKING HORFORD  
BRAD FUCKING STEVENS
James Harden has got to be the dumbest motherfucker in the history of dumb motherfuckers
Holy fuck
What a fucking end!!!!
The real highlight of the game was counting how often Marv got a name wrong
ORLANDO WINS. Lakers tied for 4th worst. 
"AVERAGE" AL WITH THE GAME WINNER!!!
Only watching this sixers blazers game to see Charles Barkley’s dumbass admit he was wrong again, just like after the warriors game
WHATTHE FUCK AHHHHHHHHHHH
FUCK THE REFS, FUCK JAMES HARDEN, FUCK THE DOUBTERS AND FUCK THE LAKERS!!!
#FUCK HARDEN!! hahahahaha
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THIS GAME
Who else woke up their entire house this game cause I fucking did 
James harden deserves this. He is a product of the horrible referee issue this game has today, so fuck Harden, suck Kyries dick.
Wooooooooooh what a game, that's the Garden though how's that ESPN for your concerns?
Fuck Barkley

Fuck Brothers

Fuck Weber
We had bad fouls called against us and a lot of missed calls in our favor but those last 2 fouls by Harden made up for it. 
That game was fucking insane.  I don't even really know what to say.
HOLY SHIT 

You should have SEEN THIS PLACE during the first quarter. 

NEVER COUNT OUT THESE FUCKING CELTICS. 

PLANT BASED DIETS
7D CHESS 
GLASSES

Fuck D'antoni
Fuck Harden
Fuck you ARIZA you shitty lakers outcast 

Gerald green you're all good. Thank you dude. 


GET SOME FUCKING BEEERS DOOD 
Everybody on this team is a closer, fucking crazy.
I LOVE THIS TEAM 

GO CELTICS

GO BRAD 

FUCK YOU JAMES HARDEN 

FUCK THE HEAT 

FUCK THE WIZ 

FUCK THE JETS 

GIMME THE GOOOOOOOOLD
what the fuck just happened
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED!!
#FUCK JAMES HARDEN
SUCK MY DICK JAMES HARDEN
FUCK THE REFS
HOLY FUCK SOMEONE RESTART MY HEART
HOLY FUCKING SHIT WHAT THE FUCK DID I JUST WITNESS!?
Holy shit! What a finish! No words. 
This team is crazy.  If they could avoid those shitty quarters/halves they would add years back onto my life 
HOLY MOTHERFUCKING SHIT!
FUCK THE BEARD!
WTF just happened
FUCK YOU JAMES HARDEN 
Christmas came late!
One of the wildest game I HAVE EVER SEEN. OH MY GOD !!!

Our boys just came back from a 26-point deficit against the league MVP UNBELIEVABLE
Still dont hear from the Marcus haters yet... Ill wait 
I don’t often scream at the TV sober BUT I JUST WOKE UP THE FUCKING NEIGHBORHOOD WOOOOOOO
Fuck Charles Barkley’s donut eating jersey wearing bald headed NO RING HAVING FAT ASS LETS GO CELTICS ANYTHING IS POSSIBLLLLLEEEEEEE
People will be talking about Harden's stupid fouls at the end but the quality between Brad Steven's timeout plays at the end vs D' Antoni's Harden iso 3s was very evident. 
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED!?!?!?!? THE EARTH REALLY IS FLAT.
I’m not going to have any hair left by the end of this season if we keep playing these crazy ass games. 
Fuck you harden!! Hahahaha
I've never seen a saltier fan base than the Rockets right now. They really think r/NBA is wrong. 
One drastic contrast I noticed tonight was how both teams reacted to iffy foul calls. Celtics got frustrated but fired up and kept chipping away when everyone else expected us to give up. The Rockets players towards the end looked like they just flat out stopped playing or stopped caring once they stopped getting the calls they were getting all game.
Missed that game and just watched the 2nd half. Obviously that was fucking insane but random question, why was there only 2 refs? 
WTF JUST HAPPENED
When he said that, the game was basically guaranteed to us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbBFMV_Igpk


halftime show of today's game. 
FUCK YAH
He can't hit a shot behind the arc to save his life but his defense is irreplaceble
FUCK THE REFS  
  
AVERY'S SHOT WAS A 3  
  
BUTLER DIDN'T GET FOULED
FUCK EM 
FUCK TONY BROTHERS
Hope I don't get down voted to hell but which game does this refer to?
FUCK THE JETS
Post game link?
Fuck them refs
# IS THAT THIS GAME HAS ALWAYS BEEN AND WILL AlWAYS BE ABOUT 
holy shit i remember what this pasta is about but what game did this originate from
SHANE FUCKING LARKIN
I want him to fuck my gf 
I can’t either but unfortunately, he didn’t delete his account
I think I spelled it wrong.  Trsut me he's not going anywhere.
well, his shot was falling.  over the past 5 games he's shooting 35% from the field and 21% from three
they lost 4-3 in a shootout, but hey at least they got a point
My bad I'm just so fucking hyped.
Please give me the link to the post game show.
> dumb ass-foul

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Basically this game a year ago. 12/5/16 against Houston. Lost by 1. 
ABDEL FUCKING NADER
Harden lives and dies by the calls he gets from NBA refs..IMO the way the game is called today has allowed Harden to become a superstar...and he has the nerve to bite the hands that feed him
I feel Like that was the play that was drawn up tho if not good looks on him 
Every game
Scary motherfuckin terry
Not that I saw on the TNT broadcast, unfortunately. 
It’s not that 3 games in 4 days is THAT bad. It’s just yet another 3 games in 4 days at the end of a MAMMOTH month is when it gets way too hard
The fact that they’ve played almost half their games and there is still 4+ months of the season left is crazy. 
Awful schedule choice on management's part
I can't wait for people to bust out the fatigue excuse even after the London game. 
Celtics chose it to have time off before and after the London game
It’s better to have a terrible schedule now than late in the season
Why would they? It wouldn’t make sense in that context. 
It’s not an excuse it’s a legitimate factor. It might no be ALL of it, but to deny it completely is silly. 
Teams are weak, but the rest was not
Did Jaylen say that himself? No he didn’t, so that doesn’t explain why people hate on HIM. I see more hate on him from celtics fans than I do from fans on other teams, it’s actually pretty pathetic tbh 
"Here's Irving from center court!"

Get marv fucking albert off the air
Can we all agree FUCK THE LONDON GAME
Worst call in the NBA this year. Unbelieveable Tony
Gonna be at the game tonight, let’s catch that W!
#THIS IS THE WORST REFEREEING IN THE HISTORY OF THE LEAGUE FUCKING @ MEEEEEEEEE
Brad figured it out!!!!


HARD HEDGE

ITS NOT THE SWITCH!!!

ITS THE HARD HEDGE
ITS THE HARD HEDGEEE

THANK UOU BRAD
I am so fucking nervous, someone hold me, preferably a 19 year old rookie on the Boston Celtics.
Webber talking a lot of shite today! "You don't to complain a bad call because you didn't show up in the first quarter" 
I fucking hate Chris Weber. Get Harden's dick out of your mouth ffs.
WHY THE FUCK DO I CARE ABOUT CHRIS PAUL IN THE FINAL 30 SECONDS OF THE GAME 
Everyone's not feeling this game.

Kyrie just standing on the corner. Smh.
Called out of work to watch tonights game. Let's go Cs!
Worst quarter of the year?
I’m at the game. Are they 2-man crewing this game?!
I know officiating is such a cliche thing to complain about — but seriously, in this some of the worst officiating we’ve ever seen?
When Al is bad. He’s really bad.

He looks like a dad trying to play basketball with his teenage sons.
Oh fuck I have to listen to Chuck after this half
What does Barkley have against the Cs anyway? What's his fucking problem all the time?
Man fuck tony brothers 
WTF? No foul on that kyrie reverse?
The refs are just reacting against the crowd now. This is pathetic.
Fuck the Rockets and their phantom calls

They’re overrated AF
they could have showed anything in the game. a previous play, a shot, a turnover. But instead they showed chris paul bouncing on the sidelines and webber being concern he would get injured. wtf?
who cares what chris paul does? wtf
I AM FUCKING HYPED! I BELIEVE IN US!!!!!!!!!
Can Kyrie get a fucking call? 
first time commenting on this sub... this has been easily, without a glimmer of doubt, the worst officiating i have ever seen in the nba. I’d say it’s the worst officiating in general but can’t forget when the NFL refs went on strike 
FUCK JAMES HARDEN!
Putting this game on national TV is cruel and unusual. The hot takes are gonna be scorchin after this one.
Tony fucking Brothers wtf
That might be the worst call in 75 years.
NO THATS ACTUALLY FUCKING BULLSHIT. THAT WAS ACTUALLY EGREGIOUSLY BAD
Tatum gets hacked by Nene while driving to the basket - no call
Harden loses the dribble - SHOOTING FOUL

ffs two refs is an embarrassment
I hate national broadcasts. I miss Mike and Co.
Please get Al out. This is hard to watch.
#FUCK THE REFS
#SCARY TERRY BITCH
Should've been an And-1 crooked fucking ref
CAN'T GET PAST LONGBOI 
Felt like a finals game
FUCK CHARLES BARKLEY
Shocking that Chuck is hating on us. 
We look like we aren't even trying what the fuck is this shit?
Kyrie getting mad 
Morris is fucking terrible
Blazer fan here watching this till my team is on, has been painful to watch so far but don't worry its just one game in a long season have faith! (psst I hate the rockets)
MORRIS IS A FUCKING BUM
Larkin just got fucking clotheslined.
That's the worst fucking call I've ever seen
that was one of the worst calls I have ever seen
Kyrie can't fucking breathe out there literally getting doubled every time he touches the ball.  He didn't sign up for this.
Tony fucking Brothers.
Tatum need to be selfish and take over
that kid was sick jesus fuck
Did webber just say kyrie weighs 150? Or did I hear that wrong
Scary Terry in the building
FUCK YOU NONBELIEVERS
these refs are awful

bring back the 3rd ref adam silver
God these refs fucking suck.
FUCK REFS

U

C

K

H

O

U

S

T

O

N
WINNING MOTHER FUCKING PLAYS ARE YOU SERIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!
HOLY SHIT WHAT AN END TO THIS GAME. FUCK THE ROCKETS. FUCK JAMES HARDEN. BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
This game will be REMEMBERED
I hate when I get Webber in 2k.  Turns out I hate it in real life also.  
At the game and this dumbass behind me said Marcus smart doesn’t bring anything to the team and said he’s a poor mans brandon bass.....
At least Reggie Miller isn't commentating...
PJ tucker just clotheslined Larkin fuck off
HOW IS THAT A FUCKING FOUL ON LARKIN!!!!????
holy shit larkin gets fucking thrown and he gets the foul on him wtf
At least we crossed 30 before the half amirite fellas 
Wtf refs? No call?!
This was the most pathetic half I’ve ever seen. 
Another embarrassing game on national television this week 
Just line up with Bird, Nader, Theis, Larkin and Tatum for the rest of the game. Inbound the ball to Tatum and just let him shoot from wherever he gets it
Marv Albert is bad
Harden what a fucking flailing weak ass bitch
This idiot is actually justifying the ref's bad call... no OUR PERFORMANCE doesn't excuse that call
SCARY TERRY
Wow getting fucked by this crew and still in it 
These fucking refs, 6 point swing.

I told everyone in the room, they were going to call fouls when we got close. 

You have to cover for harden when he goes 1 for 8. 
That's unbelievably bad officiating 
Marv albert is a terrible announcer
Webber says the Celtics lack passion, but Houston just blew a 25 point lead, fuck him.
Fucking livid.  Legit the WORST officials I've ever scene.  Such bullshit the whole game.  Fuck these piece of shit refs.
fuck harden
This might be Rozier's finest game of the season
This should be the chant:

“Hard hedge Harden” clap clap clap clap

“Hard hedge Harden”
Marv Albert's kinda glitching huh? He's just blurting out random player's names now
I'm not sure if everyone is just exhausted or no one gives a fuck tonight
Kyrie is fucking pissed
So Kyrie is gonna let a fucking scrub steal it from him? Sad. 
Im just gonna say it, Marv Albert should be fired. He sucks
WHO IS THIS SENILE AS FUCK COMMENTATOR WHO KEEPS GETTING NAMES WRONG
Marv Alberst has said the wrong name like 3 times in this quarter this dude is losing it
Marv Albert is simply incompetent at his job. Why he’s still allowed to commentate is beyond me.
Game 1 of 2017 ECF PTSD has kicked in 
I'm so sad for the Celtics fans at the arena :(
FUCK THE REFS
Larkin just got FUCKED IN THE ASS by the refs
How the fuck is that on Larkin
WTF WAS A FOUL
How do you miss that Jesus so bad 
That's the worst call I've  ever seen. 
Watching Bird guard Harden is really making me miss AB :(
2 things:

celtics need a kendrick perkins type of enforcer

bench both marcuses rest of the game
They call that a foul, but Tatum gets fucking bodied and no call.
Fuck harden, gets calls for losing his dribble 
Harden looks ridiculous with that hood on...
I really hate looking like complete garbage on national TV. 
Really don't hate Nader anymore 
jesus get Alfred Horford the fuck out of here
Fuck that, thats a basket and 1.
THATS A CONTINUATION YOU FUCK 
WOOOO FUCK YOU CHRIS WEBBER!!!
I wonder how many times I've muttered "Morris - horrible shot... made it?" under my breath this year
ALMOST A SINGLE DIGIT GAME!!!!!!!!!!
Absolutely absurd call that takes is out of the hand 
Shut the fuck up Chris Webber.
I am so angry at the refereeing. I never complain about this shit.
So not ONLY are there only 2 refs, but one is Tony fucking Brothers? How the fuck is this acceptable?
This officiating is fucking trash 
Why is it that the Celtics always get fucked by the refs when the Rockets come to town?
The refs are not consistent that’s what gets me mad
Holy fuck these refs are really atrocious 
This is a winnable game.  
RT TO SEND SHANE "the small fundamental" LARKIN TO THE ALL STAR GAME 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 

Edit: horrible spelling
fuck the nba what the hell is this shitshow
These refs have money on the game, this is a fucking joke
Weak ass fucking calls holy shit
ref controlling the game now
There is bad reffing, then there is whatever the fuck this shit is
WOO SCARY MODE ENGAGE
#SCARY. FUCKING. TERRY. 
The amount of blatant bad calls that went against the Celtics right in front of one of these "refs" is crazy. P.S The Celtics get TWO whole days off after this game.
Fucking sloppy as shit.
WHAT THE FUCK KYRIE
We choked big time on those two ugly fastbreaks. Can we redeem ourselves?
Who the fuck else in the league draws that offensive foul? No-one, that's who
FUCK YOU CHRIS WEBER

FUCK HARDEN’S UGLY ASS

FUCK THE REFS

**LET’S BOOGIE**
WTF HARDEN YOU FUCKING BITCH
FUCK YOU JAMES HARDEN
Get. The. Fuck. Outta. Here.
Little halftime rant for y’all

I have been keeping a close eye on Marcus Morris all year whenever he touched the ball. I legitimately can not recall when he last passed the ball when he had it.

I’m not trying to be funny or trying to get upvotes. I’ve watched every game this year. He seriously makes me mad when he gets the ball in his hands.
I'll be furious if I were a Celtics fan. Wtf are the refs doing ?
Fouling Harden is not ideal
Ill give Harden That shot all night, contested 6 feet behind the 3. Deal. 
Should have called a timeout after that steal smh. Harden took a terrible shot and we should have made them pay for it. 
OMFG CALL A FUCKING TIME OUT BRAD JESUS
Fuck that kid in the Warriors jacket
I'm a bit sad Chris Paul is out. Would like to see how it plays out without hearing excuses. 
Sorry guys, wrong game thread title! The Rockets are in Boston! It's a home game.
Chuck: “the Celtics play small, I don’t think you can beat the rockets or the warriors playing small”
Just wanted to take a moment to say fuck Marv Albert
This is the worst the Celtics have looked in years
Rockets are a bad adjustment team. Game isnt over
This game has a b2b schedule loss written all over it
Just write this game off and let Tatum take 20 shots. 
At least Tatum is still bae.
Our defense is so bad, everyone just stands flat footed, no one is ever there to help either 
Give the ball to fucking Tatum 
Morris is actually awful
Kyrie showing some fight at least. 
FUCK THE REF
Refs are fucked
That foul was almost as bad as the no call at the end of the GS CLE game 
brad needs to shed the calmness sometimes and rip into these lazy bums 
Someone put Horford on the bench the rest of the game. 
well that was disgusting.  if they come back from this I will truly never doubt them again.
Meanwhile the Bruins blew a 2-0 lead are you fucking kidding me?
This is sick
Ugh.  Even the halftime show is terrible.
Clear fucking path foul Jesus Christ that was textbook
this is one of those times where no one can defend horford.  just a terrible performance
THE FUCK? WILL NOT COUNT?
man fuck this ref shit
 Kyrie's bucket was absolutely an AND 1... These stupid refs
HERE COMES THE 50 HARDEN FT'S FUCK OFF
chris webber can go fuck himself
FUck these fucking refs
you cant complain cause of how bad you played in the first half? shut the fuck up chris
man get fucked
When Brad gets a T you know you fucked up
Ball don’t fucking lie. 
We cut it to 9 then the refs fucked us. Momentum killer WTF!
These refs are gonna end up costing us the game 
Fuck all refs
Marv Albert is literally drunk
Oh my god these announcers are so fucking dumb
i swear to god baynes has never gotten a call in his life. nba refs are frustrating
this some terrible officiating on Baynes in particular
#WAS BRAD JUST COUNTING FUCKING CASH
The real losers are the refs who bet the over. Go C’s!
This is fucking bullshit. Missed foul on Baynes and immediately calling Larkin when he was charged.
Horford needs to step the fuck up
#SCARY
#SCARY TERRY BITCH
SCARY TERRY!!!!
T-ROZAY!!!!  HE'S SO SCARY!!!
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!
HOLY SHIT!!
SCARY TERRY
I’m just here for scary terry
Fuck all refs
Al Horford has been so fucking bad tonight 
Kyrie u done fucked up
Damn those were some ugly posessions
Wait, after all that that’s the d we play on the inbound? Wtf?
Kyrie 4 point play to end the game 
FUCK YOU HARDEN KEEP JACKING 3S
LMFAOOOOOOOO HARDEN GO THE FUCK HOME
GET FUCKED HARDEN
marcus haters where ya at? ill wait 
Hahahah Hahahahah FUCK YOU HARDEN 
OMG WTF
HOLY SHIT GIVE ME THE FUCKING GOLD BITCHES!!!!!
Damn what a game definitely worth every fucking penny
Just FYI, it's a home game.

We made a mistake when creating the game thread :(
2 airballs for marcus. God i fucking hate him

Edit: this aged well
FUCK THE REFS
You fake Celtics fans who counted our guys out and ridiculed them for a bad start... where are you now?
Sidenote: Does anyone else want to sock this idiot Warriors fan behind the announcer booth in the face? Holy shit bandwagon much?
Isn't this a home game? Why does the game thread say Boston @ Houston???
They're shit talking about college football meanwhile this game was scheduled for 8 minutes ago smh
At least Reggie miller isn’t calling the game
What the fuck is this shit?
Fucking sax man cursed us
the celtics are not the balls right now :(
Just turned on the game.. What the everloving fuck are we doing
Kyrie looks fucking gassed
Ever since harden broke jerebkos nose I’ve never liked him. 
It wouldn’t make much of a difference, because this is the worst this team has played all year, but Houston’s defense is getting away with a ton of contact on our ball handlers
I’m disappointed I was waiting for this game all day today, hopefully things turn around 
#THIS SECOND UNIT IS SO FUCKED
wtf is this lineup tho
For once id like to see someone other than Marcus Morris take it to the rim. Or at least dribble inside 3pt line.
What is up with our shot selection.

Why are we taking the worst possible shots?
Worst quarter of the year by a country mile 
I hate watching national broadcast games, the announcers know basketball but not much about the teams so they talk about random shit.
That's literally the 4th time I heard Marv get someone blatantly wrong. Is he dumb, or does he think all black dudes look the same? 
The Lakers just beat these guys... like come the fuck on. 
D’antoni drunk?
He's stripped...and he lost it.  Marv is just beyond words awful.
I miss Jaylen and Semi 

They at least try 
I just don't like morris. Im sorry, i cant stand his selfishness
I've never said anything bad about Nader. (Please don't check)
These fucking Horford/Morris/Teis turnaround jumpshots are fucking killing me 
They’re exhausted. Saw this one coming. 
What in the fuck was that.
Team is sloppy as fuck tonight aside from Tatum. 
Horford having a horrible game
FUCK TONIGHTS CELTICS
I hope Uncle Drew gets MAD as hell and goes OFF!

Nader trying to bank threes is this game
Just got home. Wtf happened!?
Can we please get past this 20 pt hump
WERE WITHIN 20 BABY LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
Kyrie is shooting 70%. Why is he taking so few shots and is so out of the game?
Hate to be too optimistic, but I think we can cut this to single digits

Houston doesn't have the depth today to keep up for 48 minutes

When Harden sits, we'll make a big run
Tony Brothers you blind fark!
Fuck yeah. Even Morris made a shot
God damnit fuck James Harden 
OH IM SORRY HARDEN THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN SOMEONE PLAYS DEFENSE
Fucking refs
SHUT THE FUCK UP CHRIS WEBBER
makes a terrible fucking call then calls TWO techs, unbelievable 
Horrible call
So a ref makes a terrible call and that gifts them four free throws??????
Wtf was that rant about playing bad in the first half? What does that have to do with anything? 
Fucking garbage foul
FUCK TONY BROTHERS
Fuck Harden flopping bitch
Seeing as we don’t have tommy or mike tonight, i’ll say it: that’s a TERRIBLE call
why the fuck do the tony brother hate the celtics so much?  such a shit ref
Bad eyesight aside I thought Rozier was Kyrie just then 
FUCK. THE. REFS
Get thrown out brad this is ridiculous 
If that doesn’t sum up these fucking idiot refs...
THEY CALLED A FOUL ON MORRIS AND NOT A TRAVEL ON TUCKER!!!! WTF IS HAPPENING!?
HOLY SHIT WE ARE GETTING REBOUNDS!!!!!!!
This is why rockets are not enjoyable to watch.. A million FT and questionable calls
so many fouls. Devastating
HYPE LEVELS MAXIMIZED LETS FUCKING GOOO
SCARY TERRY MOTHERFUCKING JAM!
The signature play of Scary Terry
Goddamn what a game
Hard defense + Celtics ball movement. WE GOT THIS. YES WE DO. LET'S GO!
SCARY TERRY!!!!!
Scary Terry on 🔥
HALLOWEEN IS LATE THIS YEAR
IT'S HALLOWEEN EVERY NIGHT WITH SCARY TERRY
SCARY MOTHAFUCKIN TERRY
SCARY SCARY SCARY SCARY
I AM SO PSYCHED RIGHT NOW I GOT GOOSEBUMPS AND IT'S NOT JUST BECAUSE I AM TOO LAZY TO PUT SOME PANTS ON IN THIS COLD!!!!!
#ROZIER HAS BEEN THE JAYLEN BROWN SAVIOR OF THIS GAME WHAT A GAME FOR HIM
Ah fuck can we tie the game for just 1 secone
God dammit I hate when bad turnovers lead to 3s
FUCK OFF HARDEN
I apologize peeps, I'm legit spamming the fuck outta this game thread out of nervousness
I CANT BELIEVE WE JUST FUCKED THAT UP
CALL A FUCKING TIMEOUT
omg...wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf.
Kyrie needs to make up for that horrible turnover. Fuck that was awful
Cmon just hit a fucking 3 whoever takes it
The hoop gods hate us tonight
Wow holy fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FUCK HARDEN LMFAOOOOOO
------------------------------
Weirdest fucking game ever. 
Smart with 2 CLUTCH FLOPS. WTF!!!????
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK THE ROCKETS FUCK THE ROCKETS FUCK THE ROCKETS
AL TOO FUCKING TRICKY FOR YALL
what a game
This looks like the Cavs playoffs game where we got beat by like 70. 
After this game is over and the dust settles, there will be people defending Morris. Don't listen to them. He's been horrible his entire time here, and has only had success by improbably making a few bad shots.
Wait he got three for that shit I thought they fixed these stupid Harden fouls.
Off topic but who is psyched for Black Mirror season 4?! I took off tomorrow just to binge watch.
We look exhausted. I'm sorry, but this schedule is simply unfair. We've played **6** more games than the Rockets. Like what the fuck. 
that was one of the worst quarters I have ever seen, please fix this fucking team
This half has been a disgusting display of effort
I don't know if its because I'm just upset at the game in general, but this kid is annoying me. 
We started this game with a 12 pt handicap
That fucking kid with the Warriors shirt behind the announcers.  Annoying.
Let's show up for this game
This guy reminds me of that episode of the Simpsons where Bleeding Gums Murphy does the star spangled banner before a baseball game 
Thought my sounds was fucked up😂🤔
Fuck do I have to listen to Marv "shithead" Albert
We’re getting fucked.

I just feel it.
Such a terrible call. Flopping inside the restricted area. 
Charles Barkley is evil chuckling to himself at the moment
Nader? WTF
Nader is playing in the basketball game.
Horford's defense tonight has just been truly atrocious
this has to be the lowest bbiq game the celtics have played all year
Disgusting offense. 
this is quite painful to watch
Marcus Morris looks awful
This is depressing
Terry clearly tired, he dunks that 9 times out of 10
Fuck these refs, fuck this game, fuck james harden and his bullshit
Am i a bad fan if i stop watching?
Why is Morris so bad?
Disgusting...
We suck so bad its just pathetic 
Fuck this.
Scored 12 points in a quarter against the Rockets wtf
We are down 20 and still putting up awful fucking shots. That first quarter was disgusting 
Give me a spoon so I can fucking gouge my eyes out
This is the type of game we need Tatum but he’s limited by being 19. So tough to play tons of minutes when his body isn’t used to it. Hopefully we find a spark here and make it a game
This game also shows the importance of Jaylen 
Miss layups. Still. Fuck this.
WTF WAS THAT SHOT??
Tatum should say fuck it and go for 80
FUCK ALL OF OUR ROLE PLAYERS ARE THEY JOKING WITH THIS
Maybe Kyrie can score 100 points this game
Lebron complains about the refs the nba give us 2 refs wtf man
legit would not be unhappy if Kyrie and Tatum just combined for 50 shots the rest of the game
TONY FUCKING BROTHERS!
WTF WAS THAT REF? 
Man the refs are really fucking us this match that Larkin foul..
Tatum takeover thank fuck
Well fuck me...
another no call driving to the lane, the refs really do hate calling fouls for us
Al are you fucking serious?
How does Kyrie never get to the line in this game? :(
Let's FUCKING GOOO!
So for someone out of the loop what's with the hate on Al? Has his early season play gone off a cliff?
Tatum COLD from 3
thats one of the worst defensive possesions these eyes have seen
Everytime I feel bad about the score, I just imagine what it would look like if GH and Jaylen took all of Morris's and Nader's (even though he hasn't been total trash this game) minutes.
I'd seriously consider taking Baynes and Theis on the floor rather than Horford and Nader.
Wtf is with these air mails
fuck u refs thats and 1
Let’s fucking goooo we back in this baby
I just want to get through the next 2 weeks. Our schedule clog is insane.
Al Horford was the weak link 

He is too timid for an explosive Rockets team
This feels like a classic raise our hopes up through a comeback and then the other team doesn't miss a shot type of game :(
Fuck that call
Somebody touched harden beard. Foul! Ridiculous
I was just telling my brother in the 2nd quarter about how the people at today's game got screwed with this performance

Was totally wrong, our guys are making up for it
Guys take a shot every time Marv gets a name wrong
Bro............. These refs are absurd.
These refs are fucking disgusting
fuck that weak shit
One of the worst calls I've ever seen
FUCK THE REFS
GOD DAMN REFS YOU COULD AT LEAST TAKE US OUT TO DINNER BEFORE YA FUCK US
WTF A TECH ON BRAD? FUCKING SHIT
FUCK YOU HARDEN, FUCK YOU REF
FUCK THESE REFS

Brad and Morris get technicals for what Draymond does every game
#HOLY SHIT I WAS GONNA GO TO BED THIS GAME IS CRAZY AS HELL
are you fucking kidding me TONY BROTHERS
fuck the refs 
Cant believe this is now a ball game. Hopefully the refs don't continue to screw us over.
I don’t get how you can be as bad as tony brothers is consistently and still have a job.
Kyrie can't play the entire game.  Hope "team MVP" all horford can come in and make some buckets or at least grab some boards
This fucking video is crazy!!!
Baynes has been beasting this game
Scary Terry 
Why is it that the freaking rockets snatched up these mediocre role players like anderson, gordon, and ariza and all of the freaking sudden they join the rockets and make every three they put up
These refs are laughable 
This is insane!! FINE THE REFS
This officiating is just objectively fucking heinous 
Refs hate Baynes
hey look 2 bad calls in 10 seconds 
THESE FUCKING REFS
This is fucking pathetic 
What the fuck I thought they tried to end those 3 point fouls?!
FUCKING SCARY DUNKS BY TERRY
Terry loves cutting off the passing lane
Holy fuck terry
SCARY TERRY B I T C H
All pro DB scary rozy
Give Mook a fucking round of applause folks!
Scary TERRY!! 
Rozier is the GOAT holy fuck
THAT D ON NENE HOLY SHIT!!!!!!!!!!
Terry scary
FUCKING BOX OUT!!!!!!
We’re getting some no calls going our way but ill take it
Brutal turnover. Ugh.
So close :( 
shitty way to choke this game
Turnovers :(
Are you fucking kidding me... That's how this is gonna end.
Devastating turnovers all night.. 
I’d give the ball to Kyrie he mad asf
This game has me so jittery
Another commercial? This shit’s worse than the nfl 
Everyone raise your fucking hands
FUck that terrorist harden 
Kyrie game tying 3 incoming. 
FUCK YOU HARDEN
Wow wtf!!!!!
#FUCK YEAH!!!
HOLY SHIT!
FUCK YEAH, BABY!
SHOUTOUT TO CHUCK FOR SAYING THIS GAME WAS OVER AT HALFTIME
FUCK YEAH
GET FUCKED HARDEN
WHAT A FUCKING FINISH! HOLY SHIT!
FUCK YOU BEARDO
HOLY FUCKING SHIT!!!!!!
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOO!!!!!
Rockets reddit going crazy i bet
I CANT OH MY FUCK
AVERY'S FOOT WAS BEHIND THE LINE
Jumping up and down like an idiot rn
HORFORD YOU ARE MY GOD FUCK THE HATERSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Oh Jaylen brown how I miss your tender embrace on the game 
No disrespect but I did not enjoy that performance of the anthem at all. 

edit: in fact it was fucking terrible. as someone else said - so overblown at the end. 
What the fuck. Literally the worst shit I've ever heard my fucking ears are bleeding 
Horford has been terrible both ends of the floor
You could hear him get fucking slapped on that play, should have been an and 1 for Marcus!
Holy fuck harden 6-23 and still on 29 pts 
Tatum did everything he could tonight to bail out his sloppy teammates. 
KYRIE GOT FUCKING FOULED
ki got fouled don't be a fuckin idiot he didnt' just fall down for no reason
Already a pathetic effort on the glass.... 
These shots are terrible. 
Morris has been the worst bball I’ve ever seen tonight
This is kinda funny at this point. Maybe Danny and Brad won’t give us a terrible schedule next year 
Fuck you Nader
this game will unleash tatum going forward... there's a silver lining to this loss yall 
Celtics didn't show up to the game tonight. 
Every rocket point in this quarter has been because of the fucking refs
How I wish the Celtics destroy the disgrace to the game that is James Harden 
Call that refs you fucking chumps.
Ugh I hate blackout games
fuck espn.. front page theres an article about Cs regression to mean ignoring grueling December schedule
lets fucking ride
Any chance of streaming this game? Xfinity is blocking it on my iPad, I know it's a blackout(bs) but is there a way around it.
Sax guy still got me fucked up
Fuck tnt
Holy fuck, sloppy possessions.
This is ugly 
Did the make a wish Celtics accidentally step on the court to start the game? What the fuck was that?
Is it so much to ask for to just not have a horrible start for once
I hope this game ends up being somewhat competitive. 
NADER IN. WE'RE DESPERATE 
Holy shit Gerald Green revenge game
Seeing a lot of fire from Nader at least 
The fuck is this defense 
Marcus what the fuck was that defense? He has been awful lately
Our defense is legit pathetic. No effort. 
Will be tough to make a run if they won’t miss
Horford on Harden, seriously????
Sigh Smart haters :(
WTF...
Fuck it's Gerald!
Yea we bad 
The Rockets are literally doing anything that they please on the game.
This is fucking pathetic 
they look awful
Slow start.. can't let this continue because we're facing the Rockets.
What are these fucking turnovers
This is so stupid
Tough, tough game....
I don't like the fan of the game thing being virtual! 
I fucking hate this lineup
On the plus side, we're getting rebounds...  it's just everything else that sucks.
WHAT THE FUCK
Morris sucks.... just by his injury alone, he is infuriating 
I'm not sure what Morris brings to the table
This is bad basketball
Marcus wtf
What the fuck???
Poor George 
Robbie I’m tired....
I think it's a legit opinion in this community that Marcus fucking sucks. 
Hayward was watching but decide to play fornite can’t watch this shit game
Game is so bad TNT guys are talking about whatever 
this is so hard to watch
Do the rockets have 6 men on the court or something? Wtf
Wtf
fuck
If Tommy was calling the game, He would body slam Tony Brothers.
Al always fucking pump fakes on the perimeter
someone had to help larkin but nader fucked up fouling the 3 point shooter
why is Nader in the game?
Bird I’m sorry
I jumped into this thread after the Larkin foul. Was is really that bad? Does someone have a link?
Yes, we have been particularly shit offensively today but they have made some insane shots! 
I'm just gonna stop giving a shit and watch the game, so frustrating to watch them play like this. Either we start acting like a 28-10 team or we don't, fuck
Rest Horford the rest of the game
Where the fuck was the help D
Fucking hell leon,..
Worst pants I’ve ever seen
my god marv albert is so bad.. he needs to retire... how is that a kick ball 
The 2 worst post ups I’ve ever seen have both been Al tonight
Its a wasted possession to have Al shoot when he is this cold... Pls give it to someone else
It's my birthday and I am sad
If we want to get back in this game, we gotta go to Baynes in the paint. Seriously, they have Tarik Black on the court!
Nader was not out of bounds wtf
Bah god that's scary terrys music
If the ball bobbles and you re-shoot it then it's not continuation, unfortunately 
Let's gooooo also fuck Chris Webber 
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO
Damn I wish i spent that $800 on the game.
Harden's playing a RISKY game by awakening the junkyard dog.
FUCK YOU REF
Stfu Webber. Celtics been getting fucked all game
FUCK
Let’s see if the league office will spend a week sucking our dicks like they did with Lebron admitting the officiating fucked us in the ass
The consistency in which the refs fuck with us is unreal. I'm not one to complain about that shit, but we don't get respect.
Is it just me or has officiating this year been 60% worse than the way its been in the past 10 years????? These CALLS man?! 
W
T
F
Last season someone commented that their coach once told them “if you can get it under 10 by the 4th quarter it’s anyone’s game”

We won the game that night. 
Hope the refs at least call us again after this fucking 
Wtf refs slow bostons momentum 
yo td gardens shotclock have been atrocious this year... must've been paid for by the referee's association 
Legitimately pathetic by the refs. Two fucking horrific calls in a row + two Ts. 
I hate the fact that refs can decide the game in basketball so much more than any sport.. Except maybe questionable strikeouts in baseball
Fuck the refs! 
The curse/gifts of the Celtics. Every game will be close. Down by 20? Get back in the game. Up by 20? Fuck we'll lose that.
Tommy would have had 3 aneurysms by now if he was calling this game
Marv and Webber are morons
Baynes did nothing wrong
Dude somebody please throw their drink on Chris Webber. Seriously, assault that motherfucker
Oh my god this is pathetic 
Horrible
Make your fucking FTs
seriously..?
Fuck these trash ass refs.
Well that stretch could've screwed us for late game
LETS FUCKING GO
Scary takes fucking flight. Holy shit.
COUNT IT SCARY TERRY YOU DAWG
Scary fucking terry
TERRIBLE D Tatum
Harden is terrifying 
Fucking hump.  Can't get over it. 
Horford is just....what the fuck man
WTF was that pass!!!!!
that was a tough shot
Al with an awful fucking turnover. He has been absolute cheeks tonight
TIE THE FUCKING GAME OR GET OVER THE HUMP
At least we got a shot off.  
Stop fucking breathing into the microphone, Webber. You fucking scrub.
WTF

FUCK.
Wtf
Turnovers were just brutal. Fuck man.
Gotta hit a three here or a 3- point play. Side note what is harden doing? He's taking the worst shots. He's throwing it for them

We need Truth at the elbow with the game on the line.
Ref fucking us raw with that wrong 4 point swing 
"baynes coming in for Horford" Horford is still in the game, wtf?
Kyrie due for a game winner/tier.
WINNING FUCKING PLAYS!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
OFFENSIVE FOUL HOLY SHIT YESTBYHGESHJNFJSEFD~!!!
HAHAH GET FUCKED HARDEN 
MARCUS! GOD I WISH I COULD HEAR TOMMY CALLING THIS GAME
HOLY FUCKING SHIT !!!!!
This the least clutch thing I've ever seen!!! YES
Of course he misses it.  Weirdest game ever 
BALL GAME
Holy fuck.
HOLY FUCK
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
I sincerely hope Morris just sits the rest of the season. Dude is a fucking scrub to the highest degree. Selfish as fuck too. 
Horford has been AWFUL defensively.
FUCKING PATHETIC 
Brutal. Almost every negative comment is spot on tonight. 
We are so fucking bad
WTF? I'm speechless.
Danm were tired af. Plus rockets are coming off a losing streak so they're looking to prove something. That combined with us not having Jaylen or Hayward, this is gonna be ugly. 
Horford looking like his poor play is intentional.
wtf was that Al?
Clear foul on Harden...these refs are just horrible. 
#SCARY TERRY
I’m sorry but Kyrie has been unclutch as fuck 
Smart.. WTF.?!?!?!?!
these guys are a fucking joke
I don't know how anyone can watch this and think this is because of fatigue. They aren't missing shots, they aren't getting beat in transition. They're just throwing shit passes, taking dumb shots, and playing terrible defense. 
Bad call but you don't give away 2 points there.
Once again, fuck al tonight
Bruh they’re so tired I can see it 
Awful
We're getting nothing in the half court. We need transition buckets badly. Transition requires effort though so I don't think that will happen. 
Rozier is beyond awful. He just dribbles with zero plan. And when he has a plan he can't execute it. 
This team is so committed to taking bad shots. 
This is why the nba is a joke now: refs dictating the game
what the fuck are we doing here refs
Anthony Davis would do wonders for this team. Our rebounding is atrocious
fuck 
Fuck Marcus Smart. His defense blows and he's playing like a selfish moron. 
Brad has no clue what he’s doing.

Switching.

Moron
Horford is NOT even 18 million caliber


Dude DISSAPEARS every other game.


Cold Take:
#BAYNES>HORFORD
Hate to say this but Kyrie just blew this game 
how the fuck can you not even get to the rim against these guys?  our guards are so fucking bad its ridiculous.
Yeah Marcus might be airballing shots but the Rockets have been crazy tonight. Even if we were actually playing well we’d probably be down 10. Mad on D, crazy on offence.
People in here always tell me basketball is a game of runs. Where is our run?
The lack of IQ defensively is just atrocious. You aren't playing a normal team. If Harden runs a pick and roll with Tucker, you dont come off Gordons body in the corner. It's just a complete lack of intelligence, or a shit game plan. 
This dude smart is awful offensively 
Game over 
These guys couldn't care any less. Fuck. 
How's he still on the air? Ridiculous 
Tony Brothers is the worst official. I don’t know if it’s against everyone or if he just hates the Celtics but he stands out every game he does for us. He’s just terrible. I can always tell when I’m watching a Tony Brothers game because I’m swearing at the screen by the end of the first quarter. “Why are these officials so f’ing bad?! Oh, it’s a Brothers game. Sigh.”
he was saying stupid shit last year to people just forgot since he had a tyler zeller flair back then
Unforgivably dumb from Webber
Sorry you had a typo. You said chris weber instead of all of the refs and the entire media 
You are my role model, seriously
Hands down that was fucking pathetic 
One of the worst I have ever seen. A pickup team from the Y couldn’t have looked much worse.
Rick and Morty episode, Freddy = Scary Terry 
Scary Terry is a character from rick and morty, somebody said it somewhere and it stuck.
Because he's terrifying 
I think you mean Michael Jordan, but scarier 
FUCK THE TONY BROTHERS
They will address it and it will get worse. As is tradition.
This game is O - V - E - R
thats real shit
Fucking Respek on that man. 
Last season’s home game against the Rockets was much worse, believe it or not.
Marv sucks
i havent been this invested to a game since that Warriors one
I'm so sorry that honestly sounds horrible
I'm really sorry.

I feel bad for being up at 3 am in Europe, can't imagine how you feel for actually paying for this shit.
Yes, unfortunately
Looks like we’re playing our 9th game in 14 nights 
He totally just said he weighs 150... I think he and Marv smoked fucking crack before this game.
i think his listed weight is wrong though he looks lighter than 88kg
9th game in 14 nights. Guys are dead.
now if they can stop hitting tough shots
Yeah make these fucking fouls count if they can clothesline our players and have the fucking foul called on us
ehh the home game vs denver last year was worse 

harden i understand but celtics got shredded by mudiay
I hope so, tired of the Warriors
Exhausted. 
Let's just leave a team of shooters open on the perimeter, what could go wrong?

We gotta change something ASAP
Game 2 was worse
Game 2
Well it was frightening man
Raise your fucking hands everyone
I never liked the trade i think the Morris twins suck can't wait for Morris to be off this team.
Twice he pushed away. Horrible call
Nobody's fucking him.
My work doesn't go unnoticed, thank you!!
Playing the long game. 4D chess!
I feel like they had less in a game last year. I think it was like 6 or something. Maybe I'm remembering wrong though. 
The Browns are at least competitive. This game is not. 
No injury, he’s just not a great matchup for their spread offense.
Or if Brad had a game plan to defend him but they're just defending him like he's just another player
Hopefully they turned the game off and signed off Reddit for the night. 
SCARY TERRY IN THE HOUSE
It's been the December from hell, but I don't think we should look THIS bad, it's embarrassing
Hate when they say 8 game don’t start till 8:15
Wtf
Every game man
what is there to talk about this game

celtics scored 12 fucking points in a quarter
At least he's not sprawled on the bench
My dad dropped like a grand for me and 2 friends to go to the Cavs playoff game where they blew us out by 40-50 :(
Yea sometime i try to justify that we need him because we need bench scoring, but i really hate how he rarely considers passing once he gets the ball
Scary Terry
Combination of no defense, no offense, and horrible officiating.  Everything that could go wrong is going wrong
You mean when Baynes went in
Boi we cutting it to 

#NEIIIINNNNN
...did you not watch the game? refs fucked us no lube the entire game outside those obvious calls at the end
Cmon man he’s got a broken ankle lay off
Black mirror is fucking creepy af.


Our brutal schedule taking its toll..
I hate national broadcasts
We have 99 problems this game and Nader is not one of them
I won't be drunk enough to cope with this game
This sub is pathetically fragile during bad games. 
Absolutely awful commentary 
double tech is gonna fucking kill us isnt it 
It is the fucking worst
I thought bringing Nader in meant he wasn't fucking around anymore
I hate that he is on the floor so much. It is almost embarrassing when we rely on him for a 3 in the key spot of the game
Rest and practice will help. It'd be stupid to ignore the lack of both that this team is getting right now.  
At this point, we're going to need every day around the London game.
What did Harden do to the game?
will be tough if horford keeps guarding harden
> It's not the losing that bothers me. It's the total lack of effort.

This.

I don't fucking care if we lose playing hard, but if we lose and put 0 effort into is what pisses me off.
Capela hurt his eye the other day and is gonna miss a couple games.  Baynes is just too slow for the matchup
because baynes sucks against small ball 

dude cannot contribute anything on defense against an offense like houston 
Rockets like to run.
Baynes is slow.
The tony brothers are the worst ref crew in the NBA 
Why are you trying to talk this into existence it's fucking weird. 
not really, they’re just fucking us up
Wrong
no our offense is fucking terrible and our defense is garbage
I'm no Morris fan but to judge his game solely on tonight is silly. 
his contract is only going to look worse and worse. This is just the beginning.
No we aren't like fuck stop overreacting 
You're a moron 
Get the hell outta here. You called this game off after the first 6 minutes. This team got back in the game. 3 quarters in you mentioned that they would NOT win this game.  

Well, it's one possession here. We have a shot.  

Get outta here. 
Fuck off my dude
You're annoying as hell dude.
You’re dumb 
Timberwolves, Bucks, Craptors and the Wizards?!?! What the fuck?
fuck off. you are a garbage fan
I hope there are 100 screenshots of this. I hope whenever you post anything, someone replies with this as a reminder to everyone that you, u/teaboy99, have nothing to say we ever care about hearing. Go root for the fucking Knicks if this is your attitude.
You can add Mark Jackson to the list obviously. So much salt whenever he has to commentate on Warriors games. 

Btw, hate Harden’s game. Flopping for days and relying on refs. Even Lebron doesn’t do that. Just not a good look for basketball and why people don’t like NBA at times
My bad fam. I'm so angry watching this. We should be up and it's not for a lack of hustle.
Wtf!
brad's calmness is a negative somtimes. when players are too mellow brad isn't who i'd want pumping up the team
If anyone could do it it would be Scary Terry
She's wifed up already :( 
You fuck off bud 
#BEHIND THE 17 FLAG-THINGS AND THE GREG STIEMSMA POSTER
Why so serious
Yup, so my question still stands--why does the game thread say Boston @ Houston? 
I mean all broadcasts but you’re right about the Celtics looking terrible.
I admire his energy on the floor but he defends really bad.
Get the fuck out of here Spurs fan. If you really hate the Celtics more than your conference rival Rockets you're pathetic
Fuck I'm scared about IT killing us
It looks like he just trolls random game threads of whatever team is losing on national t.v. 
Did they start Nene at 5? Even if he doesn't match up in small ball, I expect minutes from him when Nene is in.
He's always got on my nerves so bad. 
GIVING ME A HARD TIME EH?
He’s no Harden. At least not yet.
Unfortunately, he is.
Seriously feels like someone took over his account. I don’t remember him being so annoying last year. 
The dude is a blatant troll. Pay him no attention and just report - he'll get banned eventually. 
I'd assume we didn't have the option to hand-pick our game nights. 
The salary has nothing to do with how much worse they both have been compared to Horford.
I kinda figured. But given the hate that Horford is getting right now, it could be interpreted either way.
This place turns into a literal cesspool. So bad. 
Right but fatigue can still make you throw shit passes and make bad decisions. 
Nah, because of your body of work in every gamethread. Blatant trolling is a bannable offense. 
He asked for a longer break off for the London game and a December schedule like this. I just picked two days were they could have put games.
I'm going to push the blame onto computers. They're the worst. 


... I made the thread :(
Should probably do yourself a favor and stop talking smack in the Celtics game thread then
Tbh that just seems unfair and unnecessary, like I get what the league is trying to do but to me it feels that should be a preseason thing. Although I guess MA > the UK is probably similar to MA > San Antonio/LA or something.
Are you his mom or something? He’s been unbelievably awful this game, like 3 TOs and awful missed shots when he coulda passed out for open looks
I also said they need to play hard for 48 minutes, not 24.
They aren't cutting into any deficit with this defense. 
what a fucking game
So they played a bad quarter. Why are you even still watching if you don't care?
So it's a shit game plan
You have terrible takes.
I'd assume there might be some logic behind it. 
Playing terribly has them back in the game I guess. 
One James Harden please

Post-game edit: nah nvm fuck that
Get your filthy hands off him
Fuck that 
Get your hands off of him, ya filthy animal
He's basically a really lazy version of Yabu 
Because they cater to mouth breather locals and have already cornered that market. Sorry bro, sports radio is shit and only going to get worse. 
That's why if there's a game, I'll pull up /r/nbastreams and get a stream going and just listen to it in the car when driving
Boston sports media is like heroin. Addicting as hell, but terrible for you.
I got really ticked off when Felger started saying pitbulls and pitbull owners are idiots. As someone who volunteered at a shelter for 7+ years pitbulls are one of the sweetest dogs I have ever met and this tool is being a biased idiot
> They said a 2nd round pick is as valuable as Brad

Was a terrible take, but it should be noted that it was actually a listener who called in with the take. Which they then mentioned to Wyc. 

But yeah, really dumb.
If it ain’t foreign, then it’s boring
West fucked
In 2015, the year you used as an example the thunder didn’t make the playoffs. How about you remember your fucking nba history 
Not sure it's meaningless, but I do agree. He's had months where he is a 40% 3 point shooter
So a terrible percentage. 
Yes.

Side note, do you guys think Tatum will become even taller, like 6-10?


Combine that with his hyperextended elbows, insane height and above avg athleticism hed be unstoppable.
It's also scary seeing 'The Dame' perform at a similar level to Curry with the statline and clutch factor. Def still have Irving over Lilliard tho.
Serious question, can g-league players even afford to get traded? I mean I know Bennett has already made millions cus he was in the nba, but besides his case. 
fuck that guy
Baseball too. Would be sick.
Fuck James Young? No, good sir - fuck *you*



^-no ^one ^ever
Not good...
I mean they pay like 5 dollars for lattes so that makes sense.
Seriously. Why tomato soup?  Gonna just look like balls covered in blood.  Clam chowder on the other hand...wait.

Maybe this all needs to be thought through again.
It's bout to be crazy G
"... this game has always been, and will always be, about buckets?"
He's so boring to watch play though.
That was fucking crazy, G
Why is dilly dilly so hated around here
enter game

buckets

leave game

players averaging 35+ minutes need not apply
He's tied for [52^nd](http://www.espn.com/nba/seasonleaders/_/league/nba/sort/avgMinutes/page/2) in MPG and is still averaging around 25ppg. Crazy. 
A bit like Kyrie, too. Of course it's exaggerated because IT is shorter, but they both do things that make you go "how the hell did he pull that off?"
Dont forget about DPOY "Dangerous Player of the Year" Zaza Pachulia.
Fuck. 

I don't see us beating Houston, tbh. 
I hate this for IT, and I hope his game is still at a high level after he fully recovers. 
That's dumb.
DJ and Lebron would be scary together. Wade could just lob the ball 30 feet in the air and one of them would be bound to come down with it. No thank you.
Giving up IT *and* that Nets pick for DeAndre is crazy.
Could you provide a link to that r/nba post? I looked, but I couldn't find it...I'd like to see how badly Cavs fans are freaking out.
I know this is all sarcasm, but technically we can't trade for him until June 30th 2018 :(
Fuck the rules 
Completely agree. Very tough situation for Cleveland. 
> (Chicago, Dallas, Memphis,

i disagree. chicago is playing over their head. dallas has one of the worst rosters in the league. 

i could give you memphis bc of their injuries.
That's the worst. We'll either be celebrating that it's #2 and get to add either Bagley Jr. or Doncic to our team or be completely dejected because we're staring at an Embiid/Simmons/Doncic trio for the next decade.
Dallas has a bad roster but they have an elite coach in Carlisle, so they're going to be in most of the games they play. We needed OT to beat them in Dallas and it was a competitive game in Boston until we pulled away late. 
> Mirotic ~~chicago~~ is playing over his ~~their~~ head.

Seriously though, when are they going to trade him? He's ruining their tank!
Yeah, sorry, got the seeds mixed up.
You can download the 98.5 sports hub app. They upload everything to that app and it's separated by each show so it shouldn't be hard to find the audio. 
Fuck wrong with you 
Wtf 😂😂
Found that game in my archives!
40 games by the end of the year...yeah that's brutal
That poor kid seems sooo tired 
IIRC we've had ONE practice this month. Real Brutal schedule.
Who has a worse roster than the Lakers is the question Im asking. 

Dallas is going to be like last year, start off horrible then get better. Like I said last year, they have too much talent to be the worst team. 

Atlanta, Brooklyn, Phoenix, Chicago are the only teams I can think of that arguably have worse overall talent. 

What do you guys think?
Could have done with a nets W as well because FUCK THE CAVS
The two guys that I would target with the DPE (+ a pick) were in that game.


Tyreke Evans and Julius Randle.


Tyreke may have played himself out of our trade market.
Fuck it, give me him bagley or bamba 
they're starting to look shaky, as is Orlando. Orlando misses Gordon... Nets, haven't watched lately.... still, hopeful.
He looks like a Bond villain. Or like Gordon Hayward’s evil twin from the Bizarro Dimension.
Rajon Fucking Rondo 
what the fuck? Is it 2009 again?
Hated the Smart pick in 2014 cus it meant Rondo would be gone
ROTY. Fuck a sophomore Simmons.
Yes. For a trade for AD. Which is crazy if they think he can be a star
Poor guy was ready to nut this video on Christmas and had to wait cause of the stupid Wizards
Unbelievable
And they say we are a boring sub. Belated Merry Christmas, Boogie! 🎅
Holy fuck Ainge playing in the snow destroyed me. This made my day.
This was fucking gold
Hard to believe 
Comes to show how poor of a rebounder Al is 
Bruh Tatum is going to be a fucking star....
Celtics had the lead for 100% of that game after the score was 0-0.
Wtf horford only 1 assist!!??!
Tatum will be an All-Star by his third year, fucking @ me.  
The Small Fundamental
This team usually follows Al's lead, whether we like it or not.  
Is this a joke?  Wow it isn't. That's pretty shocking 
I say we just call him small Larry bird and call it a day 
Wrong.

1. Raef LaFrentz
2. Brian Scalabrine
3. ~~Jason~~ Jayson Tatum




Totally unrelated but I went to a G League game the other day, and James Young was playing, and hoo boy he was quite bad
I find your lack of Greg "Literally Bill Russell" Stiemsma disturbing
That was fuckin disgusting, he is so polished 
I’m sorry I was told he was a rookie?
That's an insanely complex and difficult move for a rookie player. 

*puts clip in spank bank* 
that was just sick
Everytime I watch Tatum, I feel like a bigger and bigger idiot for thinking the #1 for #3 trade was a bad trade. Damn I'm dumb, Tatum is fucking basketball Jesus
FUCK THE CAVS
Everyone still hate Smart after a couple threes?
Tatum is disgusting man I just wanna see him drop 30 
Rozier just fucking LOVES ripping those fierce boards
Who the fuck is Kevin?
Does Dwight not know where the base line is lmfao
Bench guards are all shooting well, the Hornets will need stupid shots like that all game to keep up.
Poor entertainers trying to create an atmosphere and the fans already looking forward to the Panthers game or something
Having some holiday time off work actually makes going back to work so much more awful.  I hate my job. 
tatum is filthy
It's fucking raining 3s
oh man :(
Brad is mad
20 & 10 game from Horford 

yeee
We've got 4 injured small forwards haha


Crazy depth at that position
Tatum scores with video game efficiency
Shots falling awfully well.. Feels odd to not have any complaints with 1 1/2 quarters in
Stop fucking shooting threes
Damn it I wanted that Tatum 3 soooo bad 
Baynes is due for a big game. Time to Dingo Dick them!
I need Tatum to take at least 10 shots tonight 
That Tatum eurostep was dirty
Larkin fuck yes
Yo whats wrong with Scals voice??
What’s the teams FG% on layups alone over the past 2 weeks?
I'm at the game and the Celtics support is crazy we were chanting let's go Celtics and you could hear it over the loud music they were playing ☘️☘️☘️
This fucking team...
Just fucking sigh man
Oof. That's an ugly missed rebound with Baynes and Yabu fighting each other for it
This lineup is TERRIBLE
We'e taking terrible shots, making horrible defensive decisions, and not getting back in transition 
We must be the worst 3rd quarter team ever
Baynes has been terrible this quarter.
is MCW the worst player in the NBA that gets minutes?
Scrolling down the game thread it looks like I missed some Jayson goodness. Damn it.
This is going to be another stressful game isn't it....
These guys are tired man
Put Jaylen out there. Oh shit, wait.

Put Morris our there. Ah fuck, hold on.

Put Semi out there. Fuck.
Why does Marcus smart shoot you can’t fucking shoot don’t fucking shoot
What is this shit. Fuck that red headed beer dude. Get outta here.
Kembas step back is SO fucking dirty
We are starting to miss Hayward badly and it’s making me sad again 
I am aiming to go to the Jan 3rd game for my birthday.. it's going to destroy my wallet.
MCW is the worst player in the league
FUCK YEAH!!!
Larkin did him dirty
wtf defense was that
MCW is very bad
WORST DUNKING TEAM OF ALL TIME 
We're tired. It's showing.
Here come all of these fuckers that only comment when we do badly.
6 points in 6 minutes is just fucking embarrassing. 
Pathetic blowing a 20 point fucking lead. Can't have these shitty of shots; enough of the chucking 3s and long twos from Terry and smart 
Got out-scored 31-16 in the 3rd quarter. Pathetic. 
Wtf  we block them and then let them have their way in the paint
Rozier has this weird infatuation with trying to split the pick and roll before even reading the defense. 
Gray is so fucking ugly why tf do the Celtics always have gray 
wtf baynes let it go

This stupid fucjing dear basketball is like every other commercial f u Kobe on league pass 
MCW doing some serious pleading.
Holy shit theis plz falling clumsily freaks me out
Just got here from work. How's the game?
Christmas came a little late this year, I see!
Tough to see guys like Terry and Marcus just chuck up 3s. No real offense it's fucking sad. If they're just gunna chuck they might as well just let Kyrie shoot it 35 times a game 
Get Marcus out of the game
AND IT'S A ONE POSSESSION GAME SMH
If kyrie is in the game I expect kyrie to touch the ball every possession 
It's sad that we're choking whenever the 3rd Q starts...
We hate 3rd quarters 
We have the fucking Rockets tomorrow... This schedule continues to dad dick us
MCW officially worst player in the NBA
MCW in the game, I think we got this
Late ass call
SOMEONE SHOOT THE THREE AND QUIT GIVING IT UP TO SOMEONE ELSE BEFORE AN OBSCURE THREE SECONDS IS CALLED OOPS TOO LATE
Remember how bad at alley oops rozier was last season?
Horford has been bad defensively tonight 
FUCK MCW
Horford has been bad defensively tonight 
Game ovahhhhh
Game, blouses!
Yes Scal.. we've been doing this a lot :(
Such a bad shot by Kyrie
Scal "I don't wanna give away all the secrets" after one of the worst teams in the East exploits the "secret" he's talking about hahah
MCW is so BAD AHAHHAHAHAHA
Hate hacking at this point in the game 
Rebound :(
They look so tired
At least we're boogieing tonight 
Baynes is absolutely useless on offense
Hate to say this but Brown not being on the floor instantly boosts our FT shooting
Smart is fucking terrible in the paint.  
Both my parents decide to call me during the game and during that time Charlotte puts up a fight. Now that I’m off the phone let’s crush em!
Kyrie has been so meh lately, im worried
With our tendency to have long cold stretches I'm worried about facing the rockets
Hopefully Kyrie doesn't play so damn bad tomorrow or we'll be getting blown out again. 
I wish we could trade that terrible Horford contract. Danny was an idiot giving him max. 
It's insane how efficient he is, especially for a rookie.
Scal was like Howards always looking for a call when he makes bad plays.
I'm still trying very hard not to face palm over the Wizards' offensive rebounds on Christmas :(
Not really if you think about it  One year at Duke, they don't have an 82 game schedule. 
Too soon :(.. We need Marcus.
And that same guy fell on his A$$ because of that silly dude spilling his beer...
I don’t think I’ve ever shit on him. He drives me crazy sometimes, but I dont scream every time he plays like the total moron that I think he is ;)
It feels like it's every fucking game
The fan gets fucked I’m presuming 
That's not so bad
show me a tatum hater and ill show you a dead man
Yeah it is we are a tired team and injured  it's not surprising. 
With an expiring shot clock no less. Absolutely pathetic effort after the block on that play. ZERO excuse.
Hard to say, do you think he can score over 18.5 points?
Smart :(
The hornets are so bad.....
I remember Kelly stepping out at least once a game. 
Charlotte aren't that bad
that's how we lost the wizard game 
Ya his life must be way worse than ours 
Cause Brad chooses poor lineups and keeps them in too long. 
Because he's 5th in minutes per game.


He's 8th in FG per 36 mins. Tied with Larkin.
wtf?
Kyrie didn't have a bad game.  It wasn't a particularly good game, but it was far from a bad game.  He's a stud unlike we've had for a very long time.  Appreciate what we have.
Fuck off.
Life is crazy like that... people are my age or younger than me... the nba dream is dead ( I mean I played tennis, but still ) 
You weren't watching the wiz game where we lost the game due to being outrebounded in the last qtr?
Maybe I'm insanely biased, but I would trade Tatum in a package for the zinger

Edit: wouldn't 
27 million a year for a guy passed his prime is bad. 
4 gold medals in 1 Olympic game don’t @ me
Sorry meant wouldn't. 
Id rather the team be tired in December than in the playoffs
This stretch sucks but it will be over soon enough. 

The worst part of the London game is that we only get to watch 1 game in a 10 day span.  I get bored during two days off in a row, that's gonna be brutal.  There will be atleast 428 threads during that time about how we should trade for Anthony Davis.  
It's going to be a very boring month for C's fans 
Wapo wrote about their relationship in June, and they're always commenting on each other on IG. Someone mentioned they exchanged gifts before the game Monday too.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wizards-insider/wp/2017/06/22/bradley-beal-happy-for-friend-jayson-tatum-but-disowns-him-for-going-to-celtics/?utm_term=.96d04131b4a7
The games are always a lot more boring when Jaylen doesn’t play or when he doesn’t play well. 
Fuck
Minutes are going to be tough tonight with Morris out too. Wonder if they'll call up Jabari Bird...
Yeah I took a look at all the games and the Pacers game looked like "the corner" he might have turned. As you said, prayers up.
They're currently at 7th worst, just in case anyone was wondering 
The MCL is a ligament. Did he mean he strained some tendons maybe? Seems weird to say he strained some ligaments around his ligament. 
I hate the gray
Still ugly 
Fuck the grey jerseys I want Gold ones like the saint patricks day jerseys
Make it gold and green or orange or something. Grey is totally irrelevant 
Whose fucking idea was grey seriously. Why do we have to put up with this grey nonsense?
these are ugly as sin
Oh lord these are atrocious. Looks like the uniforms have a skin rash
Other teams got some really nice jerseys and we have grey and green... I don't hate em but they are just boring and a let down.
I like the story but I hate this grey thing
Why can't this team step out of the box and create something radically different for these uniforms? Look at Utah and Cleveland for example. They had an opportunity to do something completely different. Instead we got the same font lettering with an ugly Gray color scheme. I hate it.
This is the worst thing I've ever seen.

If we wear this on the court I'm turning the game off.

Just awful. Who okay'd this?
HUUUGE fan of these, the parquet floor pattern does it all for me. A basic grey would be really bad but the parquet floor 😩😩😩
Why the fuck wouldn't they use the Saint Patrick color way for our city jersey... Would have been soo liiiit. The only thing worse than this grey jersey would be if it had sleeves
Bland and boring... we’re apparently the only team in the league who’s never allowed to experiment in any way 
The shade of gray in each photo is different... and all three look bad imho.
Hate the grayer, not the game
St. Patty's day from a few years ago and our new Black ones. Most others are horrible. I hate any of our jerseys with gray. 
Cleveland's jerseys are fucking terrible, though.
It could worse, at least we're not the Clippers.
Those are worse than the unis
That was actually a bot! Indeed very fake.. so fake even the poster was fake.
Think about how terrible that would look when playing on the same colored floor.
I kinda agree but the Wizards fans really hate Kyrie a lot. So I think it could be a bit of a rivalry.
Fuck Kelly Oubre. He does nothing all year and somehow makes an impact every damn possession against us
Let's not be petty.

But fuck the Raptors and their obsessed fanbase 
Tonight we bask in the tears of our obsessed brethren from the North.
26 painful hours.
Man, thank god that's over for now. I was getting replies from Raps fans trying to tell me that Derozan and Lowry are better/equal to Kyrie and Hayward. 

The worst thing for the NBA fandom is for the Raptors fans to have something to boast about. 
Give them a .5 game first place lead and they all start thinking they're the 95-96 bulls. 
The schedules' fucking with everyone. I mean Dallas beats Toronto, Chicago beats the Celtics and almost stole one from the Cavs? Damn everyone's exhausted. 
Did you see their post yesterday? Jesus christ it's pathetic
Nope it’s not just you, they want an organization like the Celtics so badly. But they’ll only ever get to an eastern conference final. 
“Just a sports ball game.”

Get the fuck out of here.
Out of all them I think the Raptors are the worst. That sub had the C's logo as the downvote button this offseason.
If we get ragged on for losing one game by 40, you guys deserve just as much heat for game 1/2 and 5/6 of that series. All props to you for taking two games off of them, but that series wasn't close
DeMar DeRozan is a poor man’s Jayson Tatum 
Fuck fried chicken beer and Robert Andino though
Hell I got a hate message from a Raptors fans spare account which he deleted after he sent me a pm, still have it
When you put it like that... Give me a minute, I'm laughing too hard.
Hey, those Toronto FC just won it all (sad Revs fan here).
I am sorry that my vocabulary offends you? It really is just a game, and if you cannot understand that then you are not much better than the silly children that take any opportunity to brigade opposing team subreddits.
Guy named Hayward will need about 12-17 shots a game
Danny did do him dirty. It's part of the job, and it was the right move, but let's not pretend it wasn't cold blooded.  
a large percentage of them just want to make you mad (they're trolls)
Nope, doesnt bother me one bit because I have the Boogie 18 ingrained in my mind. And what I mean by that is, "I just traded you."
Totally. And pre/post trade talk is always the worst, you can't take it too seriously. 
Ortiz won 3 rings in Boston. What an awful analogy. 
Just a terrible analogy all around
Embiid is a monster. I’m not scared of KP the way I’m scared of Embiid. Add in Simmons and Fultz, and probably another lottery pick this year (the lakers pick won’t convey to us imo), and they’re VERY scary 
Oh also Frank isn't mentioned enough his defense on Kyrie against us last week was insanely disruptive he did really well. His mechanics aren't nearly as bad as Simmons but he's not great offensively yet although his court vision is underrated imo
We're going to reach half of the season at 3rd Jan. I know we got 4 day rest before/after london game but this schedule is crazy.
Wonder how teams choosing schedules like that works? Like did Philly also choose to have a front loaded schedule to play in the London game as well?
I think some of their fans mentioned the schedule after the London game would be bad for them so maybe they wanted it that way instead. 
Those dudes were so worried about his achilles that they failed to watch the clip where he gets a knee to the back of the knee
I'd argue we did catch a break if Jay isnt seriously hurt. In the scope of things, i dont give a fuck about losing games in decemeber this year
Pains me to say it but Tatum. Kid is legit and I'll take the length

He is borderline unstoppable when he takes it to the rim with that wingspan, some of the layups he finishes are absolutely stupid
I'm sorry Jaylen but I Have to say Jayson
People forget that Draymond would never have gotten on the court for the Warriors if David ~~West~~ Lee hadn't gotten injured a few years ago. The Warriors FO had no idea what they had until they were forced to give him a shot. 
yeah im prolly dumb af for that one
Abso-fucking-lutely. He's had that game circled since August 22nd. 
on one hand i want him to, on the other hand please no! pissed off season debut IT against his old team would be a scary player to face indeed!
I mean, he's certainly had a LOT happen to him lately. sisters death, really bad hip injury, being traded. Its not out of the question that that could change a guy
> Connect the dots.

Detective fucking Clouseau over here
I want to read that, but it is impossible to take seriously anyone who says “beta cuck”
I guess some things hit a little too close to home and it's easier to deal with it by brushing it off and pretending it's not that serious
But could you stand to look at him every game?
Yes.

To get fucking Anthony Davis.

This is not a trade for Mike Conley.
As sad as I would be, I couldn't say no to that.
You would say no to a Tatum for Davis trade? 

Well, then you'd have something in common m with the Pelicans front office
Fuck this stupid London game.
We're tired, dealing with injuries, and haven't practiced in a while. 
Last 5 minutes was pretty pathetic to watch
I'm not overreacting. I ain't trading anyone. I understand the tough schedule. I know we have 7 rookies. I trust Brad. But winning this game was my one and only wish for Christmas. Does Santa hate me? :(
Brad relaxing and all chilled the fuck out on the bench needs to be the sidebar.
Exposed. Can't score, can't rebound. Regressing to the mean. Turning into a pumpkin.
*infuriating to watch*
Smfh idk how hard it is to box the fvck out 
7 games in 10 nights. Boys are just gassed. Got a week on either end of this fucking stupid London game to work out the kinks.


one of the problems  is that our defensive effort is piss poor.

Can’t keep saying after every loss: “I’d be shocked if we could have this record without Hayward”
Seems like you're the one nobody gives a fuck about. Get a life.
Small ball screwed us over in clutch time, IMO.


No way in hell.

Complete idiots on this sub.

Against Markieff Morris at Center??! Out of your damn mind
Thank god it wasn't non contact hopefully he won't be out for too long and it's unlikely a sprained ankle like Washburn said.
Fuck
How fucking spoiled is this fan base that we’ve been out of first place for about an hour and people are giving up on the season.
Why do you refer to a few users on Reddit as the “fan base” and not the hundred other users chastising, ignoring or downvoting them for being spoiled? 

What about the hundreds of thousands of Fans that never see this forum? 

I think you meant

How fucking spoiled is “user x...”
I mean since Hayward we were/are waiting for Cavs-Warriors IV anyway
7 games in 10 nights. Boys are just gassed. Got a week on either end of this fucking stupid London game to work out the kinks.
Fuck off 
Yes. He would be caring from the bench, unable to do anything to help. You must be trolling, I can’t believe anyone can still think that this was a bad trade.
Sick trolling breh 
I swear to god if this is a serious injury I might just stop watching basketball
If Jaylen’s hurt I fucking QUIT.
Fuck.
That end of the game reminded me of last year in a very bad way
Is that bad?
like how hard could it be to box out....seriously. 
We haven’t been able to rebound in a decade. This should not be too shocking to anyone. 
I don't know that tonight's rebounding was on Horford. At least in the 4th. He was defending Morris on the perimeter.


Porter and Oubre kept sneaking in without getting bodied by the guards.
No lol
he was looking pretty bad defending pick n roll situations
take a deep breath and check the standings. We had a tough month. Some fans have to sit through a tough decade.
I think brad did that because Al just fucked up gortat and mahinmi in the semi finals. Brooks wised up and went small ball to counter Horford abusing the washington big men in the perimeter
Him and Morris were both content with settling for jumpers. Hard to get into a rhythm without being aggressive. 
https://twitter.com/AdamHimmelsbach/status/945469088188567557

Not good :(
Looked terrible.

Probably done for a month.
It sucks dick.
I still hate Kelly Oubre.
I fucking hate losing to the Wizards of all teams. Of all teams. GODDAMMITTTTTTT 
It's really pathetic how we can't rebound
Offensive Rebounds were insane in the fourth. Embarrassing really. Also if we play through Jayson the way we did in that 4th quarter stretch we go 82-0
I’ve been disappointed in our fans in recent weeks. It seems like some people on here don’t realize the difference between a bad game and a bad player. A player can have a bad game without being a bad player. Jaylen and Kyrie had bad games today, but that doesn’t mean they’re bad players. Some of you guys just don’t seem to get that. 
I wanted a Christmas Boogie :'(
When Kyrie hit the 3 to put us up 95-90 with about 6 minutes left I felt like we had this one in the bag.

I was wrong. 😒
Horford is still a softy on the boards. How foolish of us to think the dude would change so late in his career. 
Grab a fucking rebound
Rough ending to the game but all I want for Christmas is Jaylen’s injury to be nothing serious 
Pathetic once again


Shitty game. Hard to take away positives from this but the hope is that when Brad gets these guys in for some practice he can install in them the need to FUCKING REBOUND THE BALL and play some defense. 
So many lost offensive rebounds, terrible. 
It's going to be sick going from an injured Marcus Morris to DeAndre Ayton off the bench in 8 months
What a pathetic effort from the Celtics in the fourth. 5-6 over our last 11 games and can't grab a rebound to save our lives.


Brad's small ball bullshit is getting worked every damn game now.  His obsessions with pursuing it is actively hurting the team
I'm going to kill myself that was pathetic 
Could’ve used the king in the fourth today :(
11-8 since the streak now. Team is average as fuck.
Fuck fuck fuck
Frustrating game, but this team is still so young we haven't even hit the Allstar break yet, we know these games are going to happen sometimes. Merry Christmas! 
From the moment we took the 95-90 lead we looked awful. 

Kyrie looking to iso off pick and rolls instead of hitting the open cuts to the basket, giving up offensive rebounds after getting a stop (seriously, how many offensive boards did the wizards get in the last 6 minutes of that game?,) careless turnovers...it was really hard to watch after we clawed our way back into the game and took a lead. 
we're mediocre now :( 
I just can't... I can't even...

I just want a Celtics Win this Christmas day. And Santa failed me.

Fuck that! Santa doesn't exist!!!
FUCK THE REFS!!!!
We've gotten complacent, just like I expected.

During the streak we've grown some bad habits that were never fixed and now it's showing. And effort is on low past couple of games.
Small ball 
I asked for it in July when the Christmas schedule came out. So frustrating. Ugh :(
Fucking skinny prick
The Bulls, Knicks, and even this game I can understand, but the Jazz and Heat losses were 100% inexcusable
Just visited the Wizards sub out of curiosity. Wow.. people HATE the Celtics. Never knew it was that bad. 
tatum too

the amount of times she mentioned him being 19 was getting annoying after a while
Me too :'(

Get well soon
He wasn't committed to rebounding tonight. He's a very poor NBA player if he's not battling on the defensive end
one game you fucking idiot
Achilles pain is painful as fuck man
He was absolutely dreadful on both ends tonight.  Really awful game.
Brad even said he is slowly building up Tatum’s workload. Simulate ahead to Tatum putting up 20+ PPG in April
Fuck this negativity after a tough stretch 
I can see why you have negative karma...
You really are miserable eh?
That's not why we lost they weren't that bad
We lost cause of rebounding, turnovers and bad defense
>they can fix these problems

I agree, as soon as Brad can get a practice in we can start to turn this shit around. 

Unfortunately, one issue with the scheduling is that we haven't had a practice since December and won't get one until January. 
Someone’s in the wrong post game thread...
His haircut looks fucking stupid.
The bulls game was inexcusable. Losing to one of the worst teams missing their top 2 players by 20+
It is THAT bad. 
I'm well below that age and agree with OP. The hot takes are fucking annoying. I just avoid the game threads now. 
Fuck it blow it up and build around Nader and Larkin
It's like he just hasn't improved his offensive game since he was drafted. In fact, probably got worse. Still shoots too inconsistent from behind the arc, misses runners far too often, turns it over 2-3 times a game on PNR situations alone...



Just overall disappointment. 
He wouldn’t have made dumb decisions down the stretch like Kyrie did 
bottom tier rebounding, sloppy defense, and an offense that goes cold for a long stretch every game. i'm sure the density of our schedule is playing a role but still we've been getting beat by mediocre teams, miami's fucking bench, and some of our wins are by an ass hair. this is mediocrity fam. 

hopefully the dense schedule excuse holds up
I agree we were bad but you can't say they weren't making calls in washingtons favor
Yeah, totally. December sucks.

Hopefully we'll fix our problems before and after that London game.
stevens being dumb, idk.
Usually dont get downvoted in other teams post game threads
How will Hayward help with us getting abused in the paint again? If the Wizards had problems with post-defense and paint protection, with or without Wall, those weaknesses would remain there, it's not that hard to understand.
I mean, when you say stuff like that you're gonna get downvoted
Damn that's sick
https://i.imgur.com/rGmsmcc.jpg IT’S BEEN AWHILE SINCE I’VE MADE A CELTICS GAME POSTER BUT LET’S FKING GOOOOOOO
Remember 5 minutes ago when everyone here was saying the game was over and that we should cut everyone?
Ya'll are so fucking whiny. It's one game in the middle of a very tough December stretch. People saying Brad has to go and Kyrie sucks. Give me a fucking break. 
You know this sub is being shitty and overreacting like crazy when /u/3IKTH’s comments are getting upvoted.
Can Tatum shoot the ball sometimes? Like at this point, its not even on the coaching or the other players. He just needs to fucking shoot the ball.
god damn she has been sucking walls dick all game
OH FUCK HE CAN DUNK!
**SCARY TERRY IS HERE, BITCH**
I hate Gortat. He just threw Brown into the stands on his three attempt, and could be called for an illegal practically every time down.
God I hate Oubre
Not only are we losing. But Doris Burke is fucking annoying to listen to.
Actually unbelievable. What'd they have? Like 10 fucking offensive rebounds in the 4th?
I'm out of here these game threads have become way too toxic i'll see you guys pre and post game I guess.
Man fuck all you fake ass fans
If the jerseys aren't green vs red I'm going to be very disappointed.
"We didn't do anything."

Fucking Brad telling it like it is and pulls no punches.
Tatum is fucking Paul Pierce 
This game really killed my mood
Guys I'm at my in laws and can't watch the game... I'm so sad. Merry Christmas :(
If JB shooting bad means Rozier the Third will pop off, I'll take it.
Marcus Dumb game
Give the ball to fucking Tatum 
Someone please tell Brad that watching Tatum and Morris not get the ball while our defensive point guards fail to do anything is infuriating to watch
Damn I want that guy's Celtics Christmas sweater.. that shit is $90 in the Pro Shop! :(
Beal flops are so infuriating 
I'll take bitches for $600 Alex. 

"He is a backup small forward for the Washington Wizards."
That r/nba thread on Pierce’s comments on that commercial was the worst thing I’ve ever seen there
his foot was int he fucking restricted area. Commentators don't even mention it of course. Stare at the replay in silence.
Better go to an ice cold Morris when you have Tatum out there. Also a horrific foul. Yay. 
Guys Tatum is going to be a legend but doesn’t mean we trade Jaylen chilllllll
Is this going to be another heart attack game by the celts?
Refley Beal strikes again. Such a fucking joke. 
Wtf we are mailing it in 
I hate every single player on the Wizards. 
Going from 95-90 to this was fucking AWFUL
Where's the fucking rebounding? 
Bad bad bad rebounding 
ANOTHER FUCKING OFFENSIVE REBOUND -_-
fucking offensive rebounds killing us AGAIN
I was told this team didn't need rebounding

what a horrible meltdown 
Cavs-Warriors game isn't even close to over. Is the Celts game gonna be on another channel or they gonna start Celts after Cavs-Warriors done?
Baynes is making me mad af
God Baynes is bad right now
I think I just saw the kid who said “fuck” during the Bulls playoff game last year
Just noticed the christmas colors of this game.  green vs red 
Why does Doris hate us?
I feel like I have to say this every game, but GIVE IT TO TATUM 
this is like watching the wizards feed for christmas. Go fuck yourselves, NBA. 
PASS TO FUCKING JAYSON WTF
FUCK these refs!!
fuck jaylens shot is off
Bad game for Jaylen, but I have a feeling he’s gonna hit some big shots tonight 
I hate national broadcasts, won’t even call out how blatant of a block that was
Missed a lot of opportunities to tie the game. LET'S STAY WOKE IN THE 4TH, ALRIGHT?
Can we get a gif of Brad chilling out? Or at least a sidebar?
Jaylen gets fucked by the refs every game come the fuck on.
i fucking the jayson tatum
Jayson tried Kyrie a plant base diet 
We can't catch a fucking break today
Fuck we are actually going to lose. Bad execution down the stretch. Feelsbadman.
How do we give up 12 in 2 fucking minutes
We have ZERO killer instinct. We had an opportunity to put this game away and our shitty defense allowed Washington whatever they wanted.
wtf is happening can we get the other morris smh

fuck these lazy bums gg wiz
we can't get a fucking stop?????????????????? WTF
GET THE REBOUNDS YOU FUCKING.... ARGHHHHHHH
Pathetic. If we grabbed that rebound this game was nowhere near over.
Been up since 4 and just got destroyed by Christmas dinner. Will be MIA for the game. Go Cs, fucka the Wizards!
This debate they're having is so stupid if you could challenge fouls we would turn into the NFL with stoppages and commercial breaks every minute.
No feed with Mike and Tommy? :(
I can't wait until the Celtics open up a margin here. Then all these crap posters can go away. 

People are seriously going to complain about BAYNES right now? SERIOUSLY? 
FUCK OUBRE
Scary Terry
It's  bout to be a scary Christmas!
These scarry rainbows will never get boring
Time for terrible Marcus. 
Our bench SUCKS
Fuck Kelly....Ubre
What the fuck somebody grab the damn ball
SCARY TERRY
Scary Terry showed up!
Damn, Jaylen is cold 
The defensive and rebounding effort has been absolutely pathetic this month. I really really hope it’s due to the schedule but don’t like what I’ve been seeing. 
Here we fucking go refs
I would be mad at Rozier for dropping the ball but, why is he the one rebounding and not the others????
Jesus some of these screens are ridiculous
What, no off the ball foul on that shot that hit the fucking clock?

You called it earlier this game 
OH MY GOD STOP BAILING OUT OTTO PORTER. THAT WAS A TERRIBLE SHOT AND HE GOT REWARDED FOR IT
Poor Jayson. One interview about his mom’s living situation and that’s all the national media talks about. 
Tatum is fucking RIDICULOUS 
We are going to be ridiculous when Tatum hits his prime 
Jaylen is having an awful game. Completely unfocused. 
What a fucking flop
Rozier WTF
Brad has been horrible tonight. 
Horford when Tatum has to chase your man you have to sag down and defend the basket wtf you're a vet
GG, we've beaten ourselves again, fuck this shit
Tommy must have popped a blood vessel with the refs in this game
Nothing is more frustrating that not getting that rebound when you need a fucking stop. Fuck this 
Disappointing 
If Jaylen's Achilles was bothering him this game he shouldn't have played stop playing injured players please.
ahhahhahahhhahah this fucking team 
hang me pls hang me what the fuck is this fucking shit
Fucking embarrassing 
It's crazy how much I hate a team that won't get out of the second round for the next 5 years. Fuck the Wizards
What an atrocious end to the quarter. That's how you lose games right there
Fuck the wizards, arrogant flopping clowns 
seriously, fuck ben simmons man, he's not a rookie. TATUM ROTY
Brad just got outcoached by Scott fucking Brooks. 
This team is pathetic. Grab a fucking rebound 
The game is blacked out in my area. Anyone got a stream or something?
COME OUT FUCKING ROCKETING THAT SHIT
Wish we had Mike and Tommy but I'll take a Celtics home game on xmas.
fucks sake who are these commentators? We aren't rivals and we don't hate each other and shut up doris
Jaylen dribbled in traffic, game over!
Baynes :/
Fucking hell, our slow starts
We're 8 feet behind beal on every screen
Baynes is having a fucking shocker
Apart from no Christmas jerseys, terrible commentators as well. Wow.
Fuck you kelly
We're due for a scary outburst
Marcus is so damn frustrating sometimes. 
STOP THE FUCKING BOUNCE PASSES!!! 
marcus has been terrible lately. 
Ian "sets hard screens and nothing else" mahimi
A Theis post ISO is not how we get the lead in this game
Scary!
Bad call on Larkin
Fuck oubre,he a bitch. 
Offensive foul wtf?
A bunch of bad turnovers, but the refs seem to be on vacation on our side of the court 
Brown looks uncomfortable. I feel like brad is back to chaining him
Kyrie been absolutely terrible
Gortat and his fucking screens man
Can we destroy the Wizards, please that's all I want for Christmas..!
Horrible call. Guts?! He flopped.
Terrible fucking call
Is wall fucking insane
This is like a parody of a Marcus Morris game. 
That’s such a bad foul. Fuck man.
Morris has been bad all around
my goodness morris, fucking stop
big fucking shot Rozzay
Our lack of defensive effort is so frustrating
Tired of that gap toothed fuck porter
Fuck abc they never play replays of these bullshit fouls 
Tatum is the fucking GOAT
We hadn't played the Wizards in so long I forgot how annoying Beal's flopping was to me
Why the fuck did Al settle for the jumper there? WTF
Browns body attitude it terrible right now, whining when terry wouldnt pass him the ball 
Fucking garbage. 10-0 run in a minute? Fuck odd with that horse fucking bullshit
Fuck. We blow it up in so annoying style.
Rebounding cost us this game 
Everyone just trying too hard on offense, not letting the game come to them
Wow we should be fucking embarrassed for that collapse 
What the fuck happened to our defense man? 😭
Jaylen taking that injury was awful
That lack of hustle on the offensive rebound was bad 
WHAT THE FUCK
I find Doris Burke to be fucking insufferable.  she's so annoying.
And just like that after an awful first 10 minutes defensively we're down 1. Phew
Marcus with the usual turnovers 
This is literally the worst version of the Celtics. Glad these are the ones who showed up............ 
Our superstar cant just score 20 points on a Christmas day game at home, its pathetic
This is one sad fucking Christmas, Goodnight.
Alright game over. See you guys wednesday vs the hornets
Smart having a bad game. He's not playing defense now
Tatum having a rough game
Take a terrible shot on one end, foul Porter on a 3 on the other. Get this guy off the fucking team. 

Terrible end to the quarter too, not surprisingly. 
Tatum just catch and shoot the fucking ball
Jaylen might’ve just torn his fuckin Achilles. Fuck life.
They all deserve to be chewed out for their poor ass effort down the stretch. Terrible offense, terrible defense, terrible rebounding. Gonna be a fucking massacre when we play Houston in a few days.
Marcus smart is awful
Our bench is really breaking my heart game after game.

Whenever Kyrie and Al aren't on the floor we're painful to watch.
Fucking refs
Wow Wall is a fucking douchebag taunting a bunch of little kids on Christmas. 
Jaylen needs to step it the fuck up. 
All these reviews are killing me. Hurry up and end the game. 
Merry Christmas everyone!

Fuck the Wizards!
who's calling our game tonight?
#MERRY CHRISTMAS FELLOW C's FANS!! LETS GIFT THE WARRIORS A CASKET 

#EDIT: SHIT MEANT WIZARDS!! 
Let’s get this fucking W boyyyyysssssss
no Christmas jerseys?! :(
FUCK YEAH JAYLEN
Gortat looks like a bad punk cosplay
We're ice cold to start
God damnit kyrie. You don't have to shoot every fucking time you touch the ball
I'm polish but I fucking hate Gortat right about now 
bad shot Marcus
I miss our broadcast team badly.
SCARY TERRY
Satouransky is such a fucking weasel 
WTF, Mahinmi got that rebound like we were attacking.....
The wrong Marcus is getting the ball
Or mahimi could get called for an illegal screen
hahahah fuck off Ian!
Such a stupid fucking foul. 
Take it out to a bad shot wtf?
Wall SUCKS!
can we play them in playoffs again so we can fuck them in 2018 just as hard as we did in 2017? please.
smh we're so sloppy 
Dreadful defence there
Our pick and roll defense is terrible, WE NEVER SWITCH
FUCK!!!

I’m mad 
Get baynes out of the damn game!
God this team is frustrating
weak ass foul by jaylen... wtf 
Fucking box out Gortat
That was filthy
two terrible shots 
Worst sequence of the game offensively for both teams
Morris has been awful :/
Who's worse?

Celtics offense today

Celtics defense today

Refs today 
I'm already sick of morris. Put nader in. Anybody but morris
Really frustrating game to watch
Porter is fucking annoying 
Fucking Otto Porter
GET A FUCKING OFFENSIVE REBOUND
WHAT. THE. FUCK. MORRIS. 
Morris is not fit to play today. Get him out!
So fucking sloppy come on
weak ass foul.

I swear refs don't even want Jaylen breathing on another player 
Morris has been bad but the that’s understandable. What’s not is not giving Tatum shots.
I did not miss the extremely tough shots that Morris misses
Papa Brad trying his hardest not to get mad on Christmas. 
Sick handle. 
Are you fucking kidding me? 
What the FUCK!!!!!!!

Fuck you refs!!!
FUCKING STOP IT MARCUS
So did Smart just miss that badly.. or did a Wizard get a hand in there
It’s a small lineup can’t blame them
Pathetic effort on the boards 
Wtf is that bullshit
Fucking flop
our bench outscored something! Only took us playing fucking washington, but we're doing it!
Foul calls are atrocious
KYRIE FUCKING IRVING
FUCK OUBRE
Fuck that rim
That last possession on offense was ugly. 
What a fucking trash call. That's not a shooting foul.
Yeah sorry Rozier. We dont need tunnel vision now.
Welp better turn it around immediately. Terrible letdown there
Fucking playing like shit.
You're fucking kidding me
Fucking idiots 
Your game ref.
come the fuck on
FUCK!
What the FUCK!
#JUST FEED HORFORD IN THE POST, GORTAT IS OUT OF THE GAME
This game isn't over. Just gotta play some defense.
Interior defense has been disgustingly bad
WHERES THE FUCKING HELP
This team needs a big kick up the butts.. What a shocking performance
SCARY TERRY WITH THE CLUTCH
Fucking rebounds.
Jesus H. Fuck can we get a defensive rebound?
There goes the game
Wtf are we doing?
Hate to say this but there don't seem any immediate areas of improvement for this team
2nd defense in points allowed has been looking like the worst defense of all time
Downvote me but Brad tends makes a lot of questionable decisions 
I hate Marcus Smart, and hate Celtics fans who mindlessly defend his shittiness
This is on Brad. FUCK!
The edge that Jaylen had on Tatum, defense, is no longer the case. 

Sorry Jaylen but Tatum is something else.
WHAT A TERRIBLE CALL HOLY SHIT
no more shots for baynes please
Horrible call. Bad defense by brown all game so far.
This defense man, step it the fuck up
WTF is Jaylen doing!!!!!!
Marcus Morris sucks oh my god
How have we turned back into the worst rebounding team? This shit is infuriating.
Brick brothers lose the game for us
Fucking pathetic effort what the fuck happened
What the fuck. I leave to snap my girlfriend and take a piss and we wind up down 7?!
Jaylen playing reaaaallly bad
I hate you, Marcus Smart. I hate you.
FUCK THE REFS!!!!!
Nights like these where i badly miss IT, i know Kyrie will improve but still
The usual Jaylen Brown turnover or bad decision on offense yay!
We aren't getting anywhere until we have a big that can get some fucking boards. Soft ass horford. Fuck we need AD or Boogie. 
WHERE THE FUCK IS BAYNES

BRAD YOU ARE FUCKING DUMB
Fucking pathetic. Just watch the ball go right to Mahinmi.... 
Get a fucking rebound
This was probably Jaylen's worst game this season.  Or close to.  Certainly not untradable.
What an epic fucking choke.
Fucking Doris doesn’t know the difference between a screen and a moving screen how has she been calling national games for so long
Doris been sneak dissing all game fuck wrong with her?
We're losing this one with this bad shooting...
Get Jaylen out of the game
Jesus this defense is fucking embarassing
Worst D ever seen!
We have a 5 on 4 and turn the ball over. This team is playing absolutely fucking terrible. 
This is some of the worst defense I've seen in regards to navigating screens. 
Morris continues to be terrible. 
It's done.

Fucking PATHETIC!
its jsut so fucking selfish what kyrie does. he makes like 6 bad plays for ever highlight play.
yeah not winning with this level of defense and Brown missing corner 3's
We didn't deserve this Home game
You don't have to fucking switch that
This team fucking sucks. 
this game is over, fuckin celtics sleeping at the wrong time as always
Oh my God rozier makes terrible play after terrible play 
Piss poor.

Done with Brad and Jaylen
Ain’t nothing wrong with that!
Seriously dude. Something322 is the dumbest fuck I've ever seen. He has to be a troll. 
Awful rebounding effort. Awful. Those 4th quarter rebounds were usually us standing and watching. 
Dramatic is what you’re looking for 
I mean we’ve been bad, game threads are usually places to vent but I feel ya
I'm sorry bud https://twitter.com/GwashburnGlobe/status/945404731140333569
it’s a game bro
I dont care what many say Doris Burke just sucks and is annoying. Not being sexist... just a  dull boring announcer.
They went small, no Gortat. 
No he is just bad at basketball
Raptors fans are the absolute worst
fuck doris burke
They want to be like us so bad
She is infuriating to listen too. Clearly a John Wall homer.
she's the worst
Every game
That’s a really dumb takeaway 
How about just not god awful at rebounding the ball. That's all I want.
Not perfect but how about showing the fuck up in the 4th?
No we just expect some fucking effort on the defensive glass. 
Hard when nobody else shows up to play. Got out rebounded like it was nothing. Wouldn’t put it all on Kyrie. Horford, Tatum and the rest need to step up. 
What's normal for him? Taking bad shots and playing bad defense?
It’s not just smart... they were doing this against Chicago keep forcing those bounce passes.. it’s horrible.
Fuck both teams that's why.  they're both so unlikable. Except IT, he's the man. 
are you not entertained?!

tbf it wasn't half bad until the last minutes ruined by refs.
Yeah it's seriously been lacking...
Yeah literal coin flip if he gets burned or not lol
Like? This comment is dumb. 
He got us up 5, horrible effort to end is the reason we lost the game
from the start of the game it was like this, really bad look on christmas
He won’t because this was actually bad effort, nyc game we did fine defensively 
shut the fuck up, jesus christ 
She's fucking annoying
Literally been doing it all game
That was a fucking terrible simile, at least put some effort into it. 
your feed is a bit slow?
“A poor excuse for picking a man’s pocket every twenty-fifth of December!” said 3ITKH, buttoning his great-coat to the chin.
Well it seems like your confused between a moving screen and a hip check
How is someone so miserable on Christmas 
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME :'D :'D :'D 


Fuck off
Get the fuck out
Shut the fuck up
Dude literally everything we do is the worst thing ever according to you
Merry Christmas , was the turkey as disappointing as the Celtics
He's been lazy on D lately. Got yelled at by Kyrie last game.
You are reaching it3kh levels of stupid, gtfo
They're 27-10 you fucking moron. 
That is beyond dramatic. Happens every game, too, when we play bad for some stretches or lose in the end. 
I'm not, but this game is farrrrr from over. 
Critical is fine, calling the team you support “pathetic” and other dumb shit is fucking dumb. 
He's with his fam this Christmas :(
Nothing bad I just can't not say it whenever I see him.
Fuck no
it's been awful really
Past possesions on beals stepbacks
Past possesions dude
We're the worst rebounding team since the streak ended?
He's been terrible all season too. 
Also there’s a difference between being disappointed in how we’re playing and declaring the game is over and that we should cut everyone.
Our rebounding tonight was pathetic though. We need to work on a lot of things. Our entire team isnt pathetic but aspects of our teams game are lacking and we want to see them improve.
he is 21 years old wtf????????????????? we are not winning 82 games
You're not needed on game threads.
shut up you stupid fucking bot I didn’t ask you
Yes but I was talking to the people calling out team and players pathetic, among other insults. Saying “our rebounding was bad” is completely different then saying “this team fucking sucks”, “fuck this team”. I was addressing the ladder. 
I just really hate all the replays. It takes you out of the intensity of the game. 
If you think AB is our defense then I’m sorry you don’t watch the Celtics. At least this year
They showed the stat on the broadcast the other night on NBC Sports Boston. Forget which game.
Bricking shots and playing bad defense
No it doesn't. Like always, you backed up your statement with nothing of substance. So given context, you're basing this opinion on the topic at hand which is this game and this game is half over.  

Hope the coal treated you well this morning. 
Are you a little slow or something buddy? ANTHONY DAVIS CAN'T STAY ON THE COURT, were not talking about ability.....fucking christ, im done, Merry Christmas dumbass. 
Oh lmfaoo my b. Guess I’m a little tense 
He played 75 games last year,61 the year before, then 68,67 and 64 this year he has played 28 games out of 33.
You fucking moron check the stats before you speaks and insult you fucking asshole porcodio porca madonna de Dio ti spacco in due porcodio 
Fucking moron
They just heavily padded their OBoard numbers in the last two minutes. Obviously not ideal to give up double-digit OBoards but it happens. Shitty rebounding game but we'll bounce back. Looking forward to January. 
We'll bounce back lmfao we've been terrible at rebounding for a while now, we were terrible last season, and we will continue to be.
Do you mean to tell me that they haven't improved in other areas? I guess I didn't realize scoring was the only skill for this game.
I would be honestly shocked if he didn't play.
You mad. I understand though. 
You had a terrible terrible take here lol
I’m bored as all get out and thinking of going.   
/u/zdboslaw was looking for tickets to watch the game with his son. Maybe you guys can find each other.
This is like the 10th jab he's taking against the Celtics. Not going to insult him but just move on man, it's the game. 
That 53 point game was something else. 
why fuck Ainge 
Never thought I could agree to a statement like that but it's sadly the truth. Some of the comments I have seen here are disgusting and disgraceful. The fool responding to you says "I'm sorry IT, but you are a fucking 5'9 guard" -- the same fucking 5'9 guard that made us dream of a Finals appearance 4-5 months ago. 
No, IT is the one that is entitled thinking he's all that to the Celtics. Celtics have seen way brighter stars in its history. IT thinks he's untouchable. Paul Pierce was traded and IT aint shit compared to the truth. Boston Celtics demand championships and lengends. Celtics dont need a player with inflated stats and a big ass astrix being the worst defender going to ECF. That maybe enough to make you a lengend on some other trash franchises, but this is the fucking boston celtics, we are on another level.
1. summer time is after the season
2. If he can shit on our team then we can shit on him. 

this idea that he was entitled to a max contract because he had heart and would have "bled for the team" is absolutely ridiculous
Oh was that made after the trade ? Well somebody should stop making this a headline, getting annoying. 
He’s a pompous asshole who thinks he was entitled to play for Boston forever. He’s mad he knows Kyrie will break every little record he set with us and IT will flop hard in Cleveland. 
You people say literally everyone is "bitching their ass off" so it's hard to take you seriously
You'd be the same guy blaming him for not playing when we would've got our ass beat in the playoffs without him. Forget Cavs, we didn't even have the mechanics to beat the fucking Bulls without IT. Jesus this sub is actually ungrateful as fuck at times.
What do you mean, "you people?"
It’s unreasonable to bitch your ass off and make excessive statements like your the only one. It happens, it’s happened and it going to keep happening, sorry I guess
When we traded the 1 pick every single comment on the thread was some variation of “Fuck Ainge”. It was ridiculous 
No need to apologize. I'm just trying to understand your perspective because it's such a weird thing to get upset about, imo. Like, it's his life, he's not bothering you. Or maybe he is. 
I’m not upset. I posted a 2 sentence post saying I wish he would quit bitchin. It’s just annoying
I'm sorry, but when KG, Pierce and every other player from the '08 squad had beef with Ray leaving, there's no way I'm not gonna support our guys and their beliefs.
I'm sorry i just don't see how trading him to a championship contending team is doing him wrong. Unless he had a no trade clause in his contract or something
> I'm sorry i just don't see how trading him to a championship contending team is doing him wrong. 

What not believing in him and trading him to the team he has been trying to beat? There hopefully you see that now.
I guess that’s my fault, I didn’t mean on that level by any means, I just meant in that vein 
So ,a sense of pride and accomplishment at least?
Fuck yeah. I’m probably the biggest Mook guy here. 
Well it’s meant to fucking be
You mean you don't like Rozier and his rainbow jumper?
I agree we need one so bad 
> Have at it. 

Fuck the Wiz?
Fuck r/nba and merry Christmas everyone 
We don’t do anything for Christmas :(
Which game is the TNT crew calling today?
Fuck em.
TNT has the late night game I believe. 

Our game is on ABC and we get Dave Pasch and Doris Burke as announcers, with Jeff Goodman on the sideline. 
Man I'm too drunk
I am TURNT THE FUCK UP BOI LET'S GET THIS W. FUCK BABYFACE BITCH ASS OUBRE!
May the ghost of Maple Dick past take form in the hearts of all of our players, and once again fuck the Wizards.

P.s.- Kelly Oubre still a baby back bitch
FUCK THE WIZARDS FUCK KELLY OUBRE LETS DOMINATE GO CS GO JAYLEN GO JAYSON GATUM GO KYRIE LETS GOOOOOOO 
I'm too drunk m8
Merry Xmas and Go Celtics! Cavs lose too, was waiting for that game to end. It's a Christmas miracle that Jeff Van Gundy won't be calling our game because dear lord is he annoying.
Merry Christmas. Today is also my birthday and all I want is for the Celtics to bash the Wizards today while I get drunk.
Merry Christmas you filthy animals 
Merry Xmas from Australia! 9:30am boxing day start for the Xmas game.
If you’ve seen his interviews when asked about it, he is not happy about coming off the bench
Why does he walk weird
Fuck I’m shook I don’t wanna play against IT... 
I still haven’t changed my mind, the Kyrie trade was bad. 
this IT shit is getting tiresome. He's probably going to drop 69 on us
I say this all the fucking time on this sub and get downvoted to hell. 
Wait you're serious?
Bad take
It’s an example and I know you see what I’m getting at. Keeping Isaiah doesn’t downgrade talent and we keep depth. 

That depth would help a playoff run or make a trade happen. Yes AD is unlikely, but there’s other shit that could go down with Ainge making calls. 

But hey, you’re either on this side of the fence or the other at this point
Terry ability to eat horrible food. Smart's shooting resilience. Kyrie's wokenness. Heinsohn's affinity for Australia. 
I can’t believe Hayward would miss this game smh
geez, Hayward sitting out? weak. just walk it off! /s
He both raw and thicc
Having no hands on the catch is a huge red flag for me. He has some of the worst hands I've seen in a while. Kinda sucks but we'll see maybe he can be serviceable
Yeah he was awful from 3 at Cal but there were whispers that the system was the root cause. Seems like those whispers have been correct.
Such a bad combo for him, considering how he constantly attacks the rim and sometimes can't make that polished finish. So to have him draw fouls and not make his FTs either is tough
You mean the December 25th jerseys? 
The thing with the OKC  game is that the first half was some of the worst basketball we've played this season
too bad the format changed or I'd joke that it'd be a home game vs. the Western Conference All Stars.
I would pay at least $400 to go to this game. 
You are fake news
Last year Jaylen would do one bad thing then get yanked from the game. Tatum has a much longer leash due to his offensive gifts. 
Well, he does have a game to play too. 
Y’all joke but for all the hardcore Protestant families subjecting their kids to no Christmas this shit is lit. Wish PP had said some shit like this in my youth!
I hate religion and Christmas and gifts. Now everyone upvote me 😂
I just imagine, like, Ned Flanders' kids eyes lighting up, like, "This shit is lit!" 
He tried to do it with me once and also failed that time. 
Lmaooo that’s gold. I didn’t reread my comment to see if I was wrong
You can’t delete the messiah bro wtf
holy crap Scary Terry
The guy's called Scary Terry and not Sharing Terry for a reason. 
# HOW TO DESCRIBE TONIGHT'S GAME?  


# [I THINK ALL OF AUSTRALIA SAID IT BEST](https://i.imgur.com/X5oQ6ys.jpg)  


# EVERYBODY [BEHOLD THE BEAUTY OF THE GARDEN](https://i.imgur.com/MnCjPfl.jpg) AND [DO THE BANNER '18 BOOGIE](https://streamable.com/c420r)  
I've been fucking saying we need to get Jaylen involved and that was the difference and look what finally happened
#FUCK BOBBY PORTIS
Can someone explain Gino to me? I get it's a song, but what's the story behind it?
Too bad his streak of 30 point games ended :(
Danny Dunn Fucked Up

Dunn: 1-12, -29

Jaylen: 7-10, +28
[Bit late on this, but this was informative.](http://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/14411657/nba-kevin-garnett-legend-gino)
Um you mean theis?
#IS THAT THIS GAME HAS ALWAYS BEEN AND WILL ALWAYS BE ABOUT BUCKETS
Daniel "Tatum" Theis you mean
They lost 11 in a row at one point.

Mirotic is not even a borderline starter on an avg team. The bulls are bad either way.



He’s too negative? He’s literally the biggest homer of all time! Also, the team has been playing like crap for the last two weeks, might explain some negativity.
Idk how to explain it, but the Bulls have been really good lately. And even if the Bulls are, as you say, a bad team (and I think they'll regress to that point eventually), then we treated them like a bad team and whupped their asses, unlike our normal MO of taking bad teams down to the wire.
My All-Star picks (fuck LeBron): https://imgur.com/T1ZGM1T

Bill Burr in the background!

(the game thread was probably all over this, totally missed the game tonight)
Refs were fucking us all game and this was probably one of those Im sorry fouls by the refs.

Mirotic and Portis were getting superstar calls all night.
Who says no? Lol
not sure why this is downvoted.  it's even posed as a question, inviting a reply instead an "i disagree with you" downvote.  i don't even want Batum but come on
No too expensive
they're probably down voting cuz its a ridiculous idea to get batum, he has a contract of like 22m that would be insane for the Celtics to match in a trade
At least he'll make shots
They’re gonna get out of a 13 game hole to snag an 8 seed only to get swept in the 1st round and then lose Evans for nothing?…or they can get something for Evans now and then tank to land Bamba or Bagley in the draft…I know what I’d do if I were them. 
AND HE'S 23. It's insane haha, Danny knows. I think he's got the second highest ceiling out of all the young guys, and I know its crazy to put him over Jaylen, but like Rozier has shown flashes of greatness, and last year in the playoffs and the year before the kid balled out for us.
That's crazy talk. Rozier is a 30 percent scorer. Pump the brakes
That's crazy talk. Rozier is a 30 percent scorer.  Pump the brakes
WELL FUCK ME FOR BELIEVING IN MY GUYS SHIT 

what if i did. bet you'd feel realllll guilty 
I could see Lebron going to Houston since he's buds with Chris Paul but I could also see him going to LA simply because he fucking hates the Celtics and has been killing us for a decade now
I'd assume that Lonzo would have to be moved to clear one of those terrible contracts, though the entire situation described here is an edge case that is *very* unlikely to occur. 
Fuck the Bulls.
Is abby drunk? 
Possessing a Kyrie is Illegal in 38 States
anyone see the /r/nba game thread? literally 95% of the comments are complaining about boston announcers
I have a feeling Tatum is about to go off for 25 this game 
I hate watching Terry and Marcus together. It's like they forget there are other players on the team.
FUCKING GOALTEND
Fuck Portis. Fuck him flexing on our crowd also. Can we please smash these guys?
These refs are horrible
LeBron fouls 35 times a game if that's a foul. 
I want to see us put 120+.. Fuck the bulls
#SCARY TERRY
The Bulls are hitting some absolutely stupid shots
What a fucking dog shit call on Semi. Over the fucking back.
Holy fucking Christ that’s blatant goaltending and they’re truly not even going to take a second look at it??
Fuck Bobby Portis
this is atrocious. I’m not watching fucking Portis and Mirotic torch us. Fuck this
I know this is frowned upon, but I wish someone would lay Portis the fuck out
Still mad about the goal tend. Add it to the list of Bradley's 2 being a 3. 
who are these fucking refs
How do we get fucked this hard by the refs every single game? 
Maroon has 6 players wtf
That dunk was nasty though.
I just had an “oh shit” moment when it just hit me again that Kyrie Irving is on the Celtics. And I’ve seen every game. 
At least Brown is still in 
Hey it's Billy bitch tits behind Mike and Tommy
STOP MISSING FUCKING DUNKS 
holy fuck it's so frustrating to watch the bulls bang 3s after getting offensive rebounds
That’s a fucking and 1
Did they not notice that game was 5 on 6?
Man teams get the softest fucking calls against us
Brad unleashing the Kyrie-Tatum two man game

I'm horny 
Teams are so scared when Jayson gets the ball. They scramble like crazy to get a hand up in his face
Can someone get Nader an arm sleeve his tats are so bad.
Bill Burr behind Tommy
That's fucked up.
Jerian Grant casually hitting a buzzer beater on his knees 
What a blatant travel omg.
they should let theis shoot 3s the rest of the game
I hate League Pass for cutting off the Amanda Pflugrad interview. Come on, man!
1) what a pathetically officiated game

2) jesus fucking christ offensive rebounds

Am I out of line or is this fucking shitty?
It's Bobby Portis, not Kevin fucking Garnett. 
drinking game- every time slimm marcus chucks a wild shot and bricks, you drink. if he makes it you take a shot. who's getting drunk with me tonight?
Kyrie fuck!
Lmfao Tommy is cracking me up as usual
Why does it feel like scrubs always goes off on us shooting crazy shots
It’s so fucking crazy that Jaylen was a non-shooter heading into the league 
#THAT WAS FUCKING CRAZY BAD CALL
Portis fucking blows vs EVERY OTHER TEAM. 
And here we go... all the sad pandas come out to play 
We miss and then let them hit a three.. cmon at least recover boys. GET WOKE
Semi can jump out of the gym too. It's so annoying.
>I am tired of that type of stuff ya know?


Me too Tommy.
We are not playing like the Boston Celtics :(
Fuck portis. Someone should semi his ass
I'm tired of scrub teams going on a run and attacking our basket at will.. 
it amazes me horford can lock down porzingis yet gets dicked down, no lube no resistance, by bobby portis every single time. its inexplicable
Would love to know why Rozier is attacking the hoop when heavily contested by a PF and the fact that he is one of the worst finishers in the NBA
I wanted JB to make it so badly.
James Harden gets to the foul line so often, in comparison Kyrie hardly ever gets there and gets hit harder. Its crazy, he's a star player, refs.
Heading back to the gym tomorrow after getting sick and hurting my ankle.. I can only imagine how hard Hayward is working to get back on the court.
Denzel Valentine is one ugly mug 
Oooh  Al that was ugly
What a fucking horrible call. God damn these refs.
The fuck
Wow Terry, he just cannot pass the ball.  What an awful oop.
OMFG SCARY TERRY WTF?!#R<!@#R@L#MR$
WTF ROZIER OUTTA NO WHERE
These refs are ridiculous!
Not complaining about it but this game feels epicly long
Worst offense in the league when Kyrie's sitting?
Neither team will miss wtf
I know people debate Ingram vs Brown but I think I would prefer Brown > Dunn. People called us idiots and wanted Ainge burned at the stake for taking Brown over Kris Dunn. 
they're playing defense like its the all star game
Second unit struggles again :(
Second chance points make me sick to my fucking stomach
#POOR SEMI
Ojeleye took a nasty fall
Our defense against simple plays is awful. So bad. 
I was begging Ainge to trade for Portis when he knocked Mirotic the fuck out, he was always undervalued in Chicago, dude can ball and has mad heart.
Kyrie saving our asses as usual!
I want the Celtics to beat these guys and for Jayson to step on Portis' fucking annoying mug. Fucking front-runner. 
oh my god that awful Rozier shot might as well just be a turnover
No foul for Al? Wtf
Why the fuck is Lopez shooting?

What the fuck is going on with these refs? Am I taking crazy pills?
Why when our bench comes in does the game plan become to just jack up contested 3s. Hate the irrational confidence that Terry and Marcus have shooting those shots considering their shooting percentages.
JAYLEN CAN FUCK MY HAND
Why do we always double on pick and rolls? It's so annoying, just switch immediately.
That was a HORRIBLE call
Weak ass off foul
I want a Gino game so badly 
Terry should be benched for the rest of that game for that atrocity 
Fuck
Nader maybe isn't as bad as i thought he is.
Not gonna lie pisses me off they arent finishing this game with brown i want him to get 30 for once
Terry look for Theis on that oop man, common you were like 1 on 3.
Why don't you put Brown back in for a bit.


Boost up his confidence by letting him play against a sorry team.
Bad pass by Terry 
Rozier fucked that up.
Terry is a terrible lob thrower 
#WHERE THE FUCK DID HE COME FROM OH MY GOD
Hey guys, you will lose this fucking game if you continue to miss layups.
Just tuned in - what the fuck are we doing?
Rozier looks fucking depressed.

Kyrie trying to will him on.
Fuck Ojeleye make a fucking Dunkkkk
How did we get THIS bad at rebounding?
Weird that we cant count on brownm hitting 3s now
I hate them trying to force that bounce pass inside but it came off so whatever
Fucking pathetic. Can't even box out on a damn free throw
Fucking offensive rebounds. Seems like they’ll never *not* be a problem for us.
We switched guards onto Niko all last game and it didn't work. Let's not do that this game maybe
Guess it's bad Smart tonight.
Our defense needs to tighten up badly
Small ball isn't working vs Mirotic/Portis Frontcourt
That was bad
We can't get any layups and these fucking bums can.
Semi :(
its the 6 minute mark

fucking play the starters
Oh man that is fucking painful 
If we lose this game aswell, it might just end me...
Al with that bad defense as of late.
How is Al softer than Portis wtf
This team needs some milk. It is tired.
#FUCK THESE CUNT REFS
IMO this is the worst refereed half we have played in all year.
What the fuck was that delay about?
These fucking referees are allowing physical play vs the Celtics these past few game but they call little contact fouls on the Celtics.
Tatum makes me hard
Nader comes in *please don't fuck up*
the fact that they're even reviewing this shows us the sad state of NBA officiating in today's game.... clearly an accident you scrubby fucks 
I was about to get mad at Terry for not kicking to Tatum, but he made it!
Holy shit I just noticed how bad of a game Dunn is having
THIS IS WHAT THE FUCK I'M TALKIN BOUTTTT!! 
How do they not call that lame
Omg scary I can’t evennn
SCARY TERRY BITCH
Oh lord Scary Terry
Scary Terry laying down the law
we are getting set up for being embarrassed in the Christmas game if bad teams keep beating us
shut the fuck up portis
This game will still be a nail biter at the end.  Prove me wrong 
fuck this bench

can't grab rebounds

can't play defense


I mean just let Portis roll down the middle of the fucking lane
This is why we need a guy like Pierce.
Someone who knows how to slow the pace of the game and the opponent's momentum by getting to the line.
idk what i hate more: the celtics bench or the shitty blind refs
Another pathetic effort on the boards. 
We are the worst basketball team in NBA history.
If the players say they're tired, I believe them. Can't wait for that London game to be over!
Yes, fuck London.  This is what is messing us up.
ya her and Tommy had some "eggnog" before the game. 
You guys think they actually deserve some sort of praise for beating a terrible team? This is what they should be doing.
not even god knows why portis fucks up horford every single time when embiid and porzingod do badly against him 
It’s a subreddit where 90% of the users hate the Celtics and are discussing the Celtics. People will use anything they can 
nah. fuck r/nba
He just doesn’t give a fuck
The Bulls are 11 games under .500. They don't need nor deserve any sort of props for dominating a bad team. 
Smarts not chucking too much anymore. I mean hes had games at the beginning of the season where he goes 3-15, 1-12.

Nowadays the absolute worst you see is around 3-10. usually hovers around the (2-7, 4-6) range.
B-b-but schedule doesn't matter, you can't fix our problems with practice, stop with the excuses of our players being tired, we are the worst team in the league!!!

Just a few gems from this sub.
He's bad for the 2nd unit. Plays well with the starters.
then the celtics would never win


defense not good
League has hated us for a long time
Yet somehow not as bad as his play on the court... 
Give me back the time when we were #1 defense and one of the worst offenses in the league.

Last few games we suck at both.
Our defense and defensive rebounding have been the biggest factors in our inability to build a lead. Couple that with the refs refusing to call fouls and you've got a close game.
and rebounding as bad as last years team

nobody knows how to box out
When did we get Hard?
...how can you hate RoLo?
“Oh oh, Ojeleye has broken his arm, Semi Ojeleye has broken his arm”
Atleast he goes hard to the rim
Kinda? Kyrie bailing us out, Horford being soft as usual, bad refs, but offense isnt bad. Defense still dead.
Idk which games you’ve been watching man but he doesn’t play hero ball that often. Maybe once a game.
At least he's not a lakers fan
Seriously ? Are you watching the same game?
11 points a game 
They weren’t missing nothing and a lot were hard contested shots
Too late for Cousins. Last year was the time but the Celtics didn't want to give up peanuts for a nasty center. 
Fuck you’re so boring man. All you do is complain, why even watch the games?
Fuck off
Congratulations you made it to half time!
That’s kinda my point. If you only show up when things are bad you are not a fan and a troll. Get out of the sub. 
Bad stamina
I been hard
I don't know but I'm hard seeing this game
me undies, me undies, marcus just chucked a brick. me undies, me undies, thank god Kyrie is slick
#ROZIER LOOKS FUCKING DEPRESSED.

#KYRIE TRYING TO WILL HIM ON.
Dabs are stupid. Do anything else. 
Damn... sorry you guys can’t make it! 
Are these still available? If so PM me please! Also, I'm sorry you guys can't make it :(
I'm stuck in NH with no signal.  :(
oh shit man that sucks hope you guys got unstuck i just assumed you found some irlf to give them too  
Merry Christmas man

Time to take the training wheels off! It's crazy how efficient he is with the amount of touches and shots he gets.

Worse than Jayson Tatum
holy crap hornets are bad
You guys are seriously underrating the Lakers. I hate them too and want our pick to be high too but they look solid. Lonzo is coming along despite how ugly he is and Kuzma is putting up huge numbers. 
Can I ask questions?

What guests do you think we should have on? 

If I hung out outside the Garden before games and recorded bits, would you come answer my stupid questions? 

(Sponsored Content) Have you taken my money yet on the Draft App? 
Is the tough schedule the biggest reason for this recent poor stretch? Or are we simply not as good as we thought we were? Or is it a mix of the two? 
What was the worst nickname you've ever been given?
Millyz is unrivaled in the podcast intro game. What a legend.
I will always call him Tito or Tito Three Sticks. I considered making a custom Celtics jersey that said TITO III with the #12, but that felt excessive. 

I will continue to lead the movement, but it’s not a top priority 
I'd change the block/charge to be a blocking foul almost all the time. It's a dangerous play and guys are often sliding in at the last second. I hate that 
People always call me "big John" which isn't really bad... But it lacks creativity. Also people tend to miss-hear it and think I'm being called "Tito"... Which is fucking annoying
Sad you picked yourself. Sad!
Sorry I guess I should have specified. Do you see Danny packaginh the DPE with another player to match salaries for a PG trade?
I wanted to pick someone else. You all need to step up your game
What fucking rivalry?
FUCK!!! YOU!!! OU!!! BRE!!!
Fuck the wizards 
Markieff Morris is a fake tough guy
man i forgot how much i hated jennings on that team. I will never forget how much i hate Oubre tho. This kid started to cry after that olynyk incident yet probably thinks of himself as a guy u dont fuck with lmao
Eh, I think the Morris brothers are real tough guys. Oubre is the fugazi tough guy.
I don't think people are taking into account that our guys are probably tired as hell. It's been a brutal 2 weeks. 
0.8 isn't necessarily "negative".
This is the last season I want to see Rozier on this team. God he is useless in every way. 
At least someone else knows this.
My 2017-18 All-Star Game Ballot

EAST
G Kyrie Irving
G Victor Oladipo
F LeBron James
F Giannis Antetokounmpo 
C Joel Embiid

WEST
G Chris Paul
G James Harden
F Kevin Durant
F Anthony Davis
C DeMarcus Cousins
I went Simmons because the idea of a "rookie" in the allstar game fascinates me
I actually put Embiid over Porzingis I just wrote that wrong 
Not good enough for phx to keep but we should sign him fuck  that 
He sucks why do we want him
We need a big really bad. Have been getting bullied all over the glass lately. 20-1 when we out rebound the opposing team. Guess what we have not been doing lately rebounding well.
Wouldnt be the worst pickup i guess...
Ya'll don't want him. He's undeservedly selfish and has the nerve to get mad at teammates whenever he screws up like it's their fault. There's a reason he's like a 28 year old rookie.
At a terrible rate 
I hate when people mention taking a discount. That rarely happens.
I like how people act like that’s why we’re all the sudden losing. Not like it has anything to do with the D being awful, giving up 30 to role players, and generally tiredness

Fact is with kyrie on this month off rating is 112, with him off it’s 94.5. Him scoring is not the problem
6/15 is still 40%, he should be taking max around 10 but still it wasn't that bad
Yeah that was pathetic. Dude shot 15 three's and made 6. The Knicks alone shot 14 and made 8. 
Fuck guys that shoot 40% from 3, what a scrub
Yeah fuck 40% 3 pts shooters
Does he mean because he always works on xmas day?
I'm sorry but we all know Kyrie is a wanna be Jaylen. 
Says the guy with broken ankles
Jesus tap dancing Christ. I don’t have to hide behind shit. How sad your life must be if you care this much about what an athlete thinks about science and Christmas.

Get back to me when he does harm to someone with his scary ideas.
But r/nba told me it’s just a regression to the mean, and to not listen to Celtics’ fans complain about schedules? 
Fuck this London game. Seriously, seems like a real bad idea.
We can have a tough schedule, and *also* be regressing to the mean. 
Like small persistant injuries.
That doesn't take away from the fact that it's brutal as fuck. 
"fake 1 seed"

remember?
I’m not trying to be unreasonable, because I agree lol, I just hate the idea that we’re somehow a terrible team because we’re seeing that our rookies can be inconsistent and lose games now 
Yeah then we beat down the wizards.. all while our team was decimated by injuries as well.

Rondo being out didn’t mean shit. We still got through to the ECF
kid can play, wont happen sadly
I understand the Celtics have injuries but that doesn't chance the current situation: Hayward is not returning, Morris injury lingering and even when he's in lineup it's still not a great scoring bench. Injuries suck but they're part of the game and people keep pointing to that like that's going to help them score. Injured players don't score points
Ridiculous 

We're not even title contenders this year.
spending assets for a short-term fix for a team without it's 1.b player is a very difficult decision to make. I expect Danny to make a move, but I don't think it will be as flashy as you would like, nor should it be
I don't mean running an offense playmaker I mean in the sense that his hustle and aggressiveness makes plays happen. See: end of Pacers game less than a week ago.
YES PLEASE!!! FUCK YES!!! but I can already read it (haha!)
This is going to be Outrageous Fun 

https://youtu.be/21ImmTL05SM

Orlando, Memphis and Clippers. That's just Sad. 
All I can think when I see this is “poor Dallas”
Seriously. I don’t care about Memphis at all, but man, that stings for them. How poorly run are they, firing their coach so early on? 
That’s happened to us a few times too. Kyrie had to go off for us to barely beat some mediocre teams. Dallas is an example. 
Tatum is so nasty
Don’t gift a Celtics game.

Don’t want your mother to get a heart attack. Mate 

Take her to Cavs-WSH/Raptors/Hornets game.
AL is not the one. I’m done with his soft play. Like motherfucker you are 6’11...Jays play harder than him it’s pathetic. Grab a fucking rebound for fucks sake. I’d trade him ASAP. He’s not worth a fucking max contract that’s lunacy.
They weren't tough shots. 
It's like the Pats defense letting mediocre QBs do whatever the hell they want
That Lakers pick isn't going to be a lottery pick sadly
Even with Hayward. Idk about this team. It’ll take another 2 years to even get past Cleveland 
Um yes I did. And I think you’re wrong cause I was in the majority there big man.  People did expect that.
Yea I was so mean in my comment. 
Seems like an aggressive addition to your comment for no reason. Comes off like you're taking this loss out on random people, and looking at how you're replying to everyone else on this thread I guess that's the case.
He's saying if curry's not healthy and GS looks vulnerable
No no I’m saying if currys ankle remains an issue and the warriors become vulnerable would you want to, but now apparently it’s impossible, take a stab at pg13 to try and take them down 
Me too. Dude’s an NBA player, not a 5 year old kid. Why the fuck would he care about Christmas? It’s all a social construct created to boost the economy. Kyrie is a mad genius. He sees thru this shit. He knows it’s all a facade. 
Christmas is about celebrating the birth of Jesus. What your tradition is, is entirely irrelevant. 
I mean... Jesus was born in July.
Then that should make you realize how ridiculous it is to say Christmas isn't a holiday because it's like the biggest one 
can't argue with stupid
Fuck Bill Simmons
I mean the comments down below are pretty danged idiotic. 
Wow this is so off base I just have to downvote it 
Take an upvote (no downvotes here buddy). Also for the mad max reference in your flair
Just a heads up, I bet you Simmons watches every Celtics game, every night. It’s his job and he digs in his heels because that’s his schtick. 
How did the Lakers start last season? They started 10-10 but finished at 26-56 I believe? And even if they finish with say, the 7th or 8th worst record, there's still a shot at the lottery for picks 2 or 3. But keep saying that it "won't convey." Like you'd bet your salary on it.
This is what I thought too. Their problem was the stagnant offense and bad shots on that game
Yeah I disagree. It's not good defense to let a guy get to his spots, definitely not good defense to let him stroll to the rim, definitely not good defense to just walk away from him at the 3 point line while he's scorching hot. Not good defense to switch guard onto him either. 
Do you get sick of typing that out? And how do you root for 4 teams?
A lot of people are hating on anyone who mentions the schedule right now, and a handful of people just hate anyone who isn’t melting down and/or likes Brad. 
Dude's just a fucking troll. He called Jaylen Brown a useless piece of shit in the game thread on Wednesday. 
Then it’s a useless comment. That’s not how games work. There are 48 fucking minutes.
And called Horford a useless piece of shit last night.

"______ is a useless piece of shit" is like his catchphrase now.
This is a useless comment. Some games go to overtime. 
CelticsMod late posting this because he's sad drunk over getting buried by Beasley.
It's just painful trying to watch games lately 
Shitty schedule with no practice. Team loses gas in the 3rd every game. Why can't december just end
fuck Michael Beasley
Celtics only have a 94 ORTG this month when Kyrie is sitting on the bench.  That's terrible, and means when he's sitting the offense is by far the worst in the NBA.  This has to be addressed by more than just "wait for Gordon to get back"
This is about the point in the season where everybody needs to take a collective deep breath. It’s an 82 game season. We’re still the #1 seed and we’re going through adversity. 

YOU COULD ARGUE WERE 3 STARTERS DOWN (Hayward, Morris, and whichever other started is hurt for a couple games at a time). 

Sorry for yelling. 
jesus fucking Christ Kyrie...16 3FGA??  He is stupid both on and off the court.  terrible BBIQ
I don’t know what to think of Horford. He has played worse every game it seems, but on the defensive end. His offense is always up and down, but his defense just hasn’t been there and that’s something he can control night in and night out.

The critique of Kyrie’s hero ball is unwarranted. He returns in the fourth with like 7 minutes left and is often down by almost double digits. In reality, that’s like 4 minutes to make something happen. Once the game gets under 3 minutes and they’re still down 8 or so points, it no longer hero ball; it’s desperation ball. It may have worked against the Pacers but that is 100% unsustainable and the Celts need bench offense bad to keep that from happening.
I got a big blister on my foot.

Shit could be worse.
Seriously he looked like Kobe out there
Yeah AL is a pathetic excuse for a “center” never seen someone so wasteful of such size.
We’re not beating Toronto or Milwaukee in a 7 game series. Forget Cleveland.
Kyrie sucks.  Go root for the cavs, I heard isaiah plays for them.
Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad.

Fuck Brad, dude. I’m tired of his shit.

Stupid rotations and he doesn’t even get Tatum the ball.

Kyrie iso-which is hit or miss
Or Al Horford jumpshot-automatic brick 
You unfortunately have that flipped. Our bench scored 20 pts. Their bench scored 56. 
Trends of a worse defense and Al not playing as well as he was before. But yeah maybe Kyrie scoring less, on lower efficiency is the answer to our problems
I guess efficiency is pointless and putting up 28 on way worse %s is all that matters
Kyrie on the court this month 112 ORTG, Kyrie OFF 94.5 ORTG, get the fuck out of here.
4 game sweep
Kyrie is playing well, stop trying to pass your weak excuses of why we are losing on to him
False
If one player doesn't play defence, the entire team suffers.
I think Celtics fans need to realize that rozier is a borderline-rotation player in the nba.  he really is not good, though his defense is above average.  bad scorer, bad ball handler, horrific passer.  Celtics need a lot of upgrades off the bench
He should realize he isn't Kyrie Irving.    
All night long, every night, he is like....,  
brick,brick,brick,brick,turnover,missed tough shot,brick,brick,turnover,brick
Hard to play defense at an aggressive level all game when you have to shoulder the entire offensive load and that seems to be what is happening.  We have had almost no practices in December.  People need to chill out a bit and let the team get into January and start practicing again.  I'm not saying the criticism is unwarranted but the people freaking the fuck out come off as knowing nothing about basketball.
Why are you acting like it’s a cop out excuse? Our bench scoring is really bad. That’s an actual issue not an excuse. We thought it would be bad even before injuries.
Jayson Tatum and jaylen brown are not that bad at scoring
Yeah feels bad hayward went down but I'm a Cavs fan soooo
wtf! :/
why is this bad, i dont understand the downvotes...
Wasn't trying to imply you didn't, my bad if it looked that way. 
I think brad puts in nader to fire up his players cause they have to be thinking why the fuck is a g league player in the game and im on the bench
boston already had 2 or 3 "wake up call" games

this is just pathetic 
The overreactions are crazy
I know we're playing bad but a lotta ya are just insufferable.
Ron Baker is tough defender.
Dude just won a 7 night cruise in the easiest challenge game I've ever witnessed.
FUCK the Turkish government.
This is embarrassing. They score EVERY FUCKING POSSESSION
Dealt back to back Ls by Kelly Olynyk and Michael Beasley...this team's D has regressed horribly and the offense is still bad
Has to be the schedule. There's literally no other reason. We have a ton of players not used to this amount of games and we've had weird injuries. 
To everybody already calling this game over, you can leave now.
Trust the comeback.
This Anthem Is Confusing 
Fucking marv albert retire already you old fuck
NADER SAYS FUCK THE HATERS!!!
y not draw up something for Tatum :( Brad losing his touch during this stretch 
Kristaps has the worst game of his career and we still lose. Holy hell this is not a good look.
Baynes has been so bad lately. 
Man grab a fucking rebound. This isn't difficult. 
Kevin McHale is announcing game for TNT, would be helpful on the court.
Do the refs hate us or what
Fucking lazy by Baynes there
A lot of you guys are extra pessimistic/antsy tonight.. I assume last night really was that brutal :'(
Why does Tatum have one FG attempt while Rozier has six, Baynes has three, and fucking Nader has three?
Kyrie either didn't realise the shot clock reset or had no idea about the game clock
Why does it feel like every other game we're getting smoked by some rando role player?
We play to the opponent's level. EVERY DAMN GAME.
Terrible shot.
i can't wait to read the excuses in the post game thread
I was wrong guys... tough loss... fuck
And yet again a journeyman on the other team has the game of their life against us. 
Fuck Kanter
Too much hate comin from this sub rn
Larkin Is Inactive Tonight In The Game With A Secret Injury
Heat without Whiteside.

Jazz without Gobert.

Spurs without Kawhi. 

Heat without their entire fucking team this time.

Knicks without Hardaway??? 
Wtf was that 
These refs are fucking cunts 
Literally getting fisted by the refs. Every fucking game! Three bullshit fucking fouls in a row. 
The fucking referees hate us so much....
Country Christmas music has got to be the worst genre ever
I hate a world where Terry Rozier can take 5 shots but Tatum takes 1.
At least Porzingis is ice-cold tonight.
This is probably the worst nationally televised game of the year, so far. 
Fuck Kanter
Yabu is dumb thicc my god
Horford on Porzy is some fucking prime D.
We're getting beat by Michael fucking beasley
I really hate when some scrub just goes off. So annoying 
We're down 9 just like that are you fucking serious 
Kyrie is clutch kyrie is a killer but he takes some fucking garbage shots and when they don’t hit it’s just embarrassing 
Ya boi might've made a bad bet
thaaats probably game 
Why is Al Horford unable to jump to contest Beasley's shots? Is Beasely the fucking MVP or what? Why can't he put his hands up
Get us the fuck out of December 
Fuck Beasley and fuck our stupid non defense playing ass team. Brads got a lot of work to do.
Fucked again. 
Giannis, Barnes, Gary Harris, Maple Dick, now Beasley.

All season highs on us. Terrible. 
Kadeem Allen will save us.

edit: he did (for one possession at least)
Oh god Marcus, just let him go so we can put this game away. 
This game was ASS+
At least we don't have to listen to reggie fucking miller
I am not even a Celtics or Knicks fan but I cannot believe that was a foul. THAT's BAD....
Imagine needing a miracle to beat the fucking Knicks?
Well thank fuck we got mchale instead of reggie
I had a feeling this one could get ugly quick. We are playing so bad.
Fuck this
We can only rebound with Baynes on the floor, but the dude is a fucking spacing killer
We are horrible at rebounding. 
Is Tatum even out there atm? What happened to our team oriented basketball? 

Too reliant on Kyrie lately. 
Get Yabu out of the damn game. 
God damn did slim Marcus fuck every ref's wife
How the fuck you gonna call jump ball on that shit
FUCK OUTTA HERE N8R H8RS
What the fuck I like Nader now!!!
Nader in, game over.
Damn Knicks dancers are so different from houston dancers. They are mad skinny whereas the southern dancers have mad thicc muscles
Porzingis is playing awful at least
Give me a player who can hit a fucking shot.
Kinda crazy the Knicks are shooting like shit too
Theis is working hard out there hopefully he gets rewarded with some buckets
This shit is so fucking annoying 
Our bench is already not good, but it's kinda depressing how bad it is with Morris and Jaylen out.
Damn they even got Scal mad these refs are trash
32-15 run

NOT IDEAL
Ball game
pathetic 
Well this was disappointing
What a disgusting last 15 minutes total.
Michael fucking Beasley
How do we let mediocre players have career games against us? It happened last season too 
Remember when the worst of our problems were whether to sign smart or not for next year and beyond ? I miss it 
Kyrie's shot selection in crunch time has been so blegh...I miss the ATO wizardry we'd draw up in end of game situations when we wouldn't know who would get the ball
Seriously fuck these “fans” posting on this sub. We are 26 and fucking 9. The cavs looked like shit at one point too. It’s a long season and teams go on hot and cold stretches.
Put Theis into the Game
Kyrie pressing and taking stupid shots.  
Down 12. Nader in. Fuck me. 
Rozier literally doesn't look like he should be in the NBA. He chucks every time down the court and doesn't have the vision for a PG. It makes me so angry to watch 
It’s pretty frustrating to know the team built the lead to 9 and then the bench came in and it disappeared. Now momentum is with the knicks. 

Still think we can get it back, just annoying tho
Cavs fan here. Sometimes Kyrie will do that. No one remembers Kyrie terrible possessions in the last minute of Game 3 2017 finals
Lego I hope Al is locking KP down tn. He's been looking a little tired out there. 


#goCs
Thank god CSN is doing this game because Marv Albert is commentating on TNT. But Kevin Mchale....
*sigh*

Yet another night where we get to play from a giant fucking hole Jesus Christ
Fuck this
Baynes is so fucking terrible 
It's so sad how terrible we are right now. Remember how embarrassed we made the Knicks look earlier in the season?
The worst part of this is they're killing us and kp is a non factor for them right now..
holy fuck yabu
Yabusele dribbling = failed possession
That was fucking horrendous, Yabu.
Jump ball there wtf
Kyrie is absurd 
Seems worse than it is. Down by 10. We got this!! 
KP 0 pts and we down 10

:/
definitely an unlikely source
FUCK THE NADER HATER 
Nader gonna have game aka Shane Larkin against Charlotte.
At least attempt to rebound or box out
It’s unreal how bad our bench is 
Brad, just because there are 14 players on the roster, doesn't mean you have to play all 14 of them.
Seriously wtf is up with our FT shooting?
with how fucking awful we are playing i am shocked the game is still within range
Horford is such a tentative hesistant player it’s shocking 
Thanks god I’m seeing some optimism. This sub has been getting brutal at times as of late
Tatum is nasty
TATUM IS A FUCKING SHOOTER!
The Knicks are ugly as sin and Beasley is the captian. 
Tatum is insane 
Do em dirty Jayson!
Another put back dunk at the end of a quarter. Fucking rebound and box out.
If we lose this game to Beasley I will cry
HOLY FUCK NADER WHAT
No help on that play wtf
It’s aggravatingly pathetic how easily the knicks are getting to the rack. We’re just letting them.
Fuck cmon nader you can't miss layups
Sad as fuck 
Marcus is an idiot
We cant stop Michael Beasley...this team is ridiculous 
Why the fuck does smart drive like that it's literally terrible offense
I'm pretty tired of playing close games against mediocre teams.
Seriously fuck Michael Beasley
No Porzingis and we are downright sad
This game is superrrrrrr frustrating 
Why are our starters getting fucking worked by other teams benches? 
This team desperately needs a break to figure it out
Why has our defense been so shitty lately smh
Game over
gg, pathetic
Offer a *faint* glimmer of hope why don't we
Michael. Fucking. Beasley.
I 100% blame this fucking schedule. fuck you nba, and london
Y'all overreacting like crazy. Knicks just hitting their shots tonight. Any team that is shooting like this is gonna be hard to beat.
Any Baynes FG attempt that isn't a dunk or at point blank range is a failed possession.
the nba needs a challenge rule like the nfl has, where the coach can challenge a call that they think the refs got wrong
Sop crashing in so hard on the pick and roll, jesus christ .
Our game threads are saltier than sixer fans when we are losing god damn guys chill 
Tough 4th quarter, the knicks cant miss and when they do the refs are bailing them out.
Fuck Basley...
Jesus Christ this in-fighting in the sub is worse than the game. 
Going to the game on Saturday. Lets hope the boys dont get blown out! 
Celtics will figure it out just like cavs did. Only fake fans overreact.
This game isn’t over. Jesus you guys suck. 
If we lose this game I swear I’ll be frustrated for at least 15 minutes 
Are we going to act like this is anything less than pathetic? 
I’m just so god damn exhausted and tired of us playing shitty against mediocre teams. I’m just tired of it.
we're not even playing bad they're just banging contested shots or getting the call
You’d think Knicks fans have never seen a 30 point game before
Fucking embarrassing... this team looks horrific lately 
Jaylen not playing :(
What's wrong with Jaylen?  I didn't hear anything about his injury
Game over
Very slow start...  
I hate that our team is gonna play in London.  It’s totally fucked our schedule up. 
Let’s get a fucking board
This defensive rebounding issue is fucking pathetic 
How did our rebounding get sooooo bad over night. Water seeking it's level?
Our offense has no movement. Stand around and watch one player go to work. Frustrating as fuck
Wtf kinda shot is that kyrie
Kyrie has KP and Baynes just stands in front of him in the post like a fucking idiot
wtf Al
this is ugly
Are we doubling down on Porzingis? Dude is ice cold to start the game.
Hm, we lose when our 1st unit is playing well, whats going to happen now? :/
Cmon ref that's weak 
Tatum the only fucking dude who knows what he’s doing
That's a terrible call. Wtf Kenny Mauer?
anyone else just getting a closeup on al horford for the past 5 minutes?

on TNT OT, this direction is crap. now its just zoomed in on kyrie

No jump ball on either fucking play....
Come on, Semi. We need a random role player to catch fire, may as well be you.
Fucking Kanter getting all star calls 
one of the worst quarters I've seen us play this year....we need some serious rest...injuries are starting to pile up.
O'Quinn with the casual through the legs pass... ouch.
wtf are these shot attempts
Well at least the defense isn't terrible
This looks worse than the pick up hoops clowns like me play. 
Is this one of those games where we can't get past the 5-10 points deficit? I HATE THOSE KINDS OF GAMES!
This is the worst game I've watched all year
Does the picture keep cutting out?
holy shit kyrie stop switching on every pick 

stop being lazy 
This is such an ugly game. Get Baynes outta there. 
Baynes had bad hands
We were playing so bad. How are we not down 38?
2 point ball game, let's go!
Kanter is ugly.
What even is this halftime show? :/
Man this is gonna be tough, don't know whats happened to our defense. 
WAS THAT SO HARD
Tie game!
HOLY SHIT KYRIE IS GOING OFF!!
I heard that water is wet and Porzingis is fucking tall
Fucking Kanter. We have to play him 4 times a year now
Ill take a Beasley mid range shot every time
Now THAT was bad defense.
That inside out dribble omg this kid's offensive game has everything 
Rozier and Semi shooting contested shots.....


Is Brad blind? Give the ball to Tatum
Nader on Beasley gosh thats some bad basketball there
The bench is so hard to watch. G-League quality
Our rebounding us beyond pathetic. This Knicks team is trash and they're just pushing us around. 
We need to get to the rim more.. The FT is insane every game
Theis late release jumper is so weird
Wtf?
Nader defense is almost as bad as James Ahrdens 
Lets go boys, take control of this game. 
I know our bench is weak but I wonder if teams have figured us out..
Dude really wtf 
This fucking kid my god
how the fuck is beasley hitting these
JAYSON FUCKING TATUM
we cant fucking stop him
Are we seriously gonna let fucking Beasley do this? fucking christ come on
Tonight is a legitimate loss that I can deal with. Last night was a fucking travesty, they pissed that game away because they were looking ahead to this one.
Ron Baker looks fucking mesmerized
This is a fucking joke. Make a stop.
What the fuck was that foul...
Their defense isnt bad, knicks/beas are just making everything they put up. Wheres our offense?
Bench has been awful
fuck.
Oh fuck off
Our defense is crap
this game is fuckin' depressing
Ugh the FTs.. they hurt so bad
This is so fucking depressing. 
Horford... step the fuck up. Jesus. 
Beasley is fucking us
damn, beasley having the game of his life
This defense needs to solve it’s damn problems and Danny pls fucking fix the bench pls I beg you 
Miss me with this Kyrie iso bullshit. Sick and tired of it. 
Why does brad not draw up ATOs anymore? :(
Michael

Vaulting

Past the Celtics 
Mediocre ass team. 2nd round loss to Toronto or Washington this year
And game over. Fuck this team. 
We fucking suck. 
This team sucks 
This is pathetic on a whole new level
We’re about to lose.


Sad team
Team's just not very good these days
I hate my life
Worst rebounding team in the NBA
Ron Baker is in. We Are Fucked
Rozier is terrible man 
fuck these refs they dont want us in this game at all
Our defense is literally terrible
Baynes has been bad tonight.
These fucking refs are not giving Baynes any breathing room WTF
What a fucking embarrassment.
One terrible defensive possession after another. 
How can you fucking lose to the Knicks scrubs
And the bench continues to be shit, who woulda guessed. This is fucking sad. Team is fucked if Kp even has an average fourth quarter. 
we will lose tonight.  
seems to try hard to give 1st seed to CAVS.
This is laughable. Maybe this team really does need to get blown the fuck out to wake their asses up.
Some of the worst rebounding I have ever seen. 
We can't compete in the playoffs with this... :(
Nader is legit the slowest fucking dude I have ever seen at the wing position. Has negative lateral quickness
It is a fucking pick and roll guys. You literally see it near 100 times per game and if you can't defend it when its being run by some second rate PG's and michael beasley, you aren't ever going to defend it. 
FUCK THESE REFS, YO
Fuck hero ball from Kyrie, again
Al Horford is trash...max contract laughable 
I would take Toronto in a 7 game series vs. us. 
Theis is terrible

@/u/fongos
We are the worst team to ever play basketball 
Fucking hell. Thank Christ our bench suddenly gave a fuck again.
Fuck you nader 
I have a very bad feeling about our Christmas day game...
Are you fucking serious Theis?
STOP FUCKING SWITCHING. There is no reason to switch Marcus onto Kanter. 
Running on fumes. 8th game in 12 nights
Bench Kyrie and forfeit the game.

Bunch of clowns on this team. Fucking clowns 
You guys look terrible without Jaylen...... no offense.
Kyrie is unclutch.  He just puts up numbers on bad teams (which is what we are without Gordon).  Cavs won the trade hands down.
Pathetic. 
porzingis sucks
Horford is pathetic 
Rozier is either too weak to use his body going to the rim, or has no idea how to do it
If Brad puts Yabu on the court again, he’s an official idiot.
This is pathetic. 
Theis is garbage. Fucking bum 
 I'm think I'm taking Saturday's game off
Fuck outta here. This team is playing like shit. Why does everything have to be all sunshine and rainbows? Why can’t any criticism ever be accepted? 
You mean, DABUSELLEE? I hope he gets playing time and dabs at least x3
It was that bad. And some people just get off on that now. 
it's sad that we have to say this against the knicks after our start to the season... 
Basically box out and DRIVE TO THE FUCKING RIM
What has the team done to inspire faith lately? 
Yeah that was a jump ball lame
At least Giannis is a beast
I won tickets to the game as well.
They have sucked pretty bad
Why would you like that? It's terrible form
Kyrie has to have the worst shot percentage in the last minute of any other NBA player.

^^^^^Obviously ^^^^^not ^^^^^really, ^^^^^but ^^^^^he ^^^^^has ^^^^^been ^^^^^the ^^^^^opposite ^^^^^of ^^^^^clutch ^^^^^lately.
Hes a million mph looks like he needs the game to slow down
It wasn’t yesterday.


Dude WE ARE JUST NOT A GOOD TEAM
Putting Nader in the game is like tattooing your face. It means you no longer give a fuck.
I think we will too, just a real bad rough patch. Hard to watch, but I believe in this team and Brad 
They might make playoffs. We just can't let it get to a game 7
They usually start 10 minutes after pregame starts, dunno what is up with this extented pregame.
Mchales a fucking idiot what do you expect. That's why the rockets fired his ass
RIP game threads, this is craziness. 
NADER SAVES THE GAME 
I can't stand his game. 
Hockey sucks
on the broadcast they said hes targeting the christmas day game.
achilles maybe just Rest I only Know Theis Facts sorry
He's not inconsistent. He's garbage just about every game. 
That's what happens with small ball
brad requested for us to get this schedule so we could get breaks days before and after the london game
Damn, and I forgot there's going to be team captains this year. Does that mean if both Ky and Al get voted in, but LeBron doesn't pick either of them to be on his team, they don't get to play?
Wrong. You forgot the auto mid range. 
Kyrie has been the least of our problems
You can actually fuck off mate. Ad comes in and misses a shot, and you'll start saying we should trade Ad for Boogie.
We really have looked absolutely awful coming off the 16 game streak. Losing 30 to the Bulls, losing comfortably to the Knicks.

This sucks.
London game in January when it's one game in 10? days 
Facing like 14 years for insulting the president 
Because he isn’t playing in this game. 
He sees Kyrie pull off a crazy play and then tries to one up him.
They also are playing bad.. for now. 
Cause TNT has the game too. 
Seems like it. We look bad on both ends. We can't shoot or board well at all. 
Fuck you.
You're the Celtics just because we beat you tonight doesn't mean you guys are trash, if you lost to the hawks tho...
***
You guys are 26-8 and those teams are extremely easy to beat minus rockets and cavs. I see a 5-3 run, or, 4-4 at worst.
>STOP FUCKING SWITCHING

ftfy
They've been bad a few games this year but this isn't really a complain about the refs game.
Get outta here Lakers scum
Can one of the mods please ban this guy? It’s not like 3ITKH, this dude is blatantly trolling 
We're 6 down 30 seconds until the end, its not hero ball, you idiot.
fuck off
These guys are gassed. And it isn't going to get easier. Why is that difficult to understand?
He just badly hurt his pinky on his shooting hand last night, come on. 
I agree, fucking blow it up, trade Kyrie and Horford for 20 picks!!!
Danny plays the long game. He's not going to go for bandaid solutions
One game at a time 
You're really annoying
Holy shit! Do everyone a favor and be a Lakers fan. 
Jesus fucking Christ you're pathetic
We've looked terrible with Jaylen too.

Larkin is out for the game.
Once Hayward comes back, LeBitch and his totalitarian regime is absolutely fucked.
IT had like three bad regular season games last year. He was consistent. Kyrie goes on reaaallyy cold stretches. 
You're pathetic
Hey, fuck you.
Are you stupid or just pretending?
There’s a difference between criticism and (sic) “Horford is a terrible player” “Cavs won the trade” “this team is fucking trash, they need to get rid of half the players”.
LMFAO and is extra awkward
honestly fuck the london game

such bullshit
Please Porzingis hasn’t played in a while.

He’s getting fucked by Beasley 
AHHHH this song is way worse
Simmons def doesnt deserve all star yet, that team is centered around Embiid, just look at how poorly they play with him not in the lineup to see his impact immediately... I agree about Embiid and his play time/injury-proneness 
Someone screenshot this idiots post for the future.
Yeah I don't understand why they don't run it a few times a half as the least. They just did when Kyrie made that 3 and I was like OH YEAH THAT
Kenny: sorry I'm a little sore, i played a pickup game earlier this week..

Ernie: where was the game played? At wofford?

Kenny smith went to north Carolina and they somehow lost to wofford last night
Game is also on TNT tonight 
I mean to me it is, we can't get a rebound. 
I mean it’s not like he’s missing them
Bunch of negative shit about the celtics. The self hating celtic "fans" around here will eat it up.
I mean, if you are perpetually negative like 3ITKH you are bound to have stretches of being correct.
Do you really, seriously believe that?
Maybe not a trade, that is probably rash. The DPE has to be used eventually though, and why not now during a brutal stretch and the offense struggling.
have you seen our late game executions the past few games?... like at all? YOU foh 
Well they came in and the Knicks tied the game. So there ya go. 
Oh. We're fucked then.
yea, he made a mistake. bad judgment on his part. 
>Theis Bad Boy

FTFY
I mean it's a couple trolls just shitting like they always do.  It's a tough game, some people are gonna be dumb.
It’s the schedule, it’s really bad for the Celtics right now. 
Please provide some videos of Al doing it.  

It is bad basketball at every level. One on one with a guy under the basket - you go up with it and either get fouled or hit the shot. 
Yeah, I think we all know Kyrie plays hero ball.
I’m not going to hate a player for hero ball though, we saw Paul do it for years too.
Looked to me like they fought hard to get back in the game late. No?
No one was having a conversation until you replied to my post, not hard to understand. You can watch the game yourself and figure out where they went wrong.
I was referring to the game thread as a whole. If you thought it was pathetic, you must've known where they went wrong.
Fuck Marc Davis.
What do you mean justify? If that's his personality, it's his personality.  It has nothing to do with his offensive toolbox.  
Fuck, you got me.
They do that and you complain about execution, I feel like you move the goalposts just so you can be disappointed.
Damn they were missing two Justise Winslows? More proof you don’t even read your pathetic takes before you spew your shit on our subreddit. 
Those people were also morons.
He got chewed out for missing a switch whats weird about that
You ever hear of not bringing in shitty negative takes the minute something doesn’t go our way?
I️ mean I️ don’t think that’s how it happened but I️ could be wrong and I️ think barking back at the coach and team leader is a bad look I️ also personally have not seen him do this before though apperantly others have so who knows
I'd argue pretty strenuously against Marcus having shown "shooting touch". his shooting #'s are atrocious. 

His playmaking has shown an uptick but he still makes a lot of errors


Theis has all of Germany behind him

And Baynes has his dick
Real tough choice for me but I had to go with Kyrie, Al, Jaylen, Jayson, and Yabu.
Sorry guys I need to vote Markkanen instead of Gordon
Way to stiff Larkin brah smh
Also that game where he broke his face
Crowder spinned into a hip check. Anyone who has ever played hoops knows there is no reason for him to spin and undercut while he's in the air. Crowder was mad Hayward forced him out of Boston.  
Thank you for actually reading the article. Let me know if you guys find the headline misleading. I tried to rewrite it five times to make it have the quote without altering it, while implying it applies to the future. Unfortunately, his phrasing made it difficult. 
Lebron injured him because he’s afraid of the Celtics
I hit the character limit for google so I had to cut it to that length unfortunately. 
I was going to go to this game but then I saw it was 200 dollars for tickets
Porzingis had one of his worst games of the season against us last time around. Can we limit him again? That will play a big role. 
What's wrong with you
I like it but I mean I guess I agree a tad. Prices are definitely outrageous. And I would love to see the Celtics anytime I get a chance. 
Whoops, yeah my bad. 
If the Cavs lose a game, it's a certainty that we also will lose our next game. 
I hate to be that guy but how come NO ONE is talking about that ref power tripping and fouling out big Al like 2 minutes into the 4th quarter?

Completely different game if that doesn’t happen.
Really really disappointed. Completely shit the bed in second half. How the fuck did they lose to the heat without Dragic, Winslow and Whiteside? We can’t be a contender if they’re going lose to a team without their starting point guard and center. 
Bad loss. It's a long season but we have been sloppy lately.
We are still yet to lose a game I watch fully besides opening night...
Fucking Olynk out there looking like Larry Bird’s distant relative. They made it a point to get him the ball. And we made it a point to let him score.
He's always been a confidence player. We gave him an award and a standing ovation before the game.
 We just hate getting ahead
We're in the dog days of our schedule and we've rested players. Nevermind that we still don't have Mook which makes an immense difference. We're still going to be a dirty playoff team, just be patient.
That is quite honestly pathetic. I'm slightly worried about our second unit. 
The Bucks are not good and i wish people would stop pretending they are
It shows they were on a roll and it started before our game and ended far after it, duh.
That happens nearly every game though; he'll have a 10pt+ quarter and he won't get touches for the rest of the game, I don't understand the basis on that. Dare I say it but I think Stevens is too reliant on the two-man game with Al and Kyrie.
The box score junkies are frustrating and I sometimes wonder if they even watched the game or know what they're watching, the strengths of the players, teams, etc.
Say what you want about Marcus, he put everything he had into this game. Guys like Al and Baynes need to step up. 
This team is gassed and they badly need a practice to get their act together. 
Nah, Chicago was a silly schedule loss with players resting. Utah was the scary one.
Jaylens got that Jeff green game
yes, we can't blame them. Celtics is a very young team.  
But every night, "terrible brick & turnover festival" that blows our lead is very tough to watch.  
brick,brick,brick,turnover,brick,turnover,turnover,brick,brick,brick.... I'm tired.  
Also 
17 games this month sucks. 
It's weird that after the streak I panic after every loss
I just need to stop being so invested about this team... these players don't care about me, so why do I care about them :( 

I hate that wins and losses have so much of an effect on my mood. 
Have you watched any games recently? The defensive effort has been terrible.
Fuck, Kyrie settled for that shot
what the fuck kelly 
Fuck that London or wherever the fuck game. They're gonna have 1 game in a week next month and the games they could've played in that week have been crammed in 1 month
I’m just exhausted at letting shitty teams hang around. This is what we deserve.
We were so indifferent offense and defense for long stretches, but incredibly bad luck to run into God mode Kelly.
This one is about as painful as the bulls loss
what the fuck was Theis doing in there for so long? Did Baynes die, Brad?
I hate this shit 
God fucking dammit
We got Maple Dicked

I understand why other people hate playin kelly
This loss fucking sucked. Only thing I can think is that the team is absolutely blasted by the schedule right now, and will be until the end of the month. They look a half-step too slow on defense, legs not 100%. Plus they haven't practiced all month.
Fucking pathetic would be an accurate assessment 
Pathetic loss with all of their guys out

Gino time tomorrow or this stretch lately is super concerning 
Holy shit our bench is atrocious.


The game was lost in the 3rd with that awful Rozier/Smart/Yabu lineup with no Kyrie or Jays.  Brad I know you like to get cute, but at least two thirds of that lineup won't even be rotational players on a title team.  Come on
Fuck the Heat.
Fuck that bald ref. 
FUCK
We need to play with fire in our eyes against teams who’ve beaten us. Revenge game made us look like 12 year olds playing in the street at times 
Baynes and Rozier were 0-5. Horford was 2-10. I guess we're not dialed in tonight. It hurts so so so bad. This was supposed to be a revenge game against Miami. 
We dug ourselves quite a hole coming into the 4th. Didn't understand our rotations there. And then we just had to believe that we can come back. But we didn't. How did we expect guards to defend a 7-footer :(
Well that was frustrating as fuck, on to NYC, where we can see if we can lose to a bad Knick team with out Porzingis...
Imagine if Kelly actually wasn't a useless bag of dogshit when he played for us. Never hit an open three, awful defensively, wouldn't drive to the basket to save his nanna's life even when guarded by PGs who don't play defense. 
Man fuck kelly
It's impossible for my thumb not to click the up vote button next to this comment
They compensated for 4-5 no calls on Waiters by putting one of the most egregious fixes of the year on this game.  It was absolutely fucking brutal.
boston was his past and he killed it 


Nah that was game 7
It was definitely a very terrible shot. 
The London game fucked their schedule. they'll have 1 game in a week next month
> Seriously fuck our December schedule, we're having some issues right now and no opportunity to work on them.

Preach it. It's so depressing to see them do same mistakes over and over again and to know that they won't be fixed until January cause of our retarded schedule.
Kyrie fucked up big time.  Go hard to the basket (the midrange is still there), and send the team to crash the rim.  Even if you miss you can still foul.  Kyrie yet again makes things tougher than they should.  This goes back to my point that his BBIQ is terrible.
Too late. Every one will. 
Yeah, that was weird.  Theis was getting destroyed out there and Brad just watched it happen.
Yep, one thing I hate about Brad is that he seems stubborn and sticks to his experimental lineups for too long.
Our win against Miami (w/o Whiteside) was ugly as well. We just made timely plays. Awful.
System coach. Sadly, it will take another 5 years with no championships (10 overall) before people come to this realization. 
It sucks to be on this side of the maple dicking.
Now I know how Washington felt in game 7 
injuries suck :(
Two games in a row it's felt like the fouls were imbalanced. Very frustrating, but the refs didn't force us to shoot 30% from the field for three quarters or leave Olynyk open for 3s that we have seen him make for years.

On to the Knicks.
he shouldn't have drifted.  bad lazy shot for him
I doubt he practices it with a mad lean.  That's why his shot was so flat.
Usually bad teams got those games since they're struggling anyway so it doesn't really affect their placement. Why the fuck did we get it???????

brad got us the schedule because he wanted like 4 or 3 days off before and after the london game
I do agree because of the London trip, December has been packed. However, Brad probably saw zones hundreds of time at Butler. I would have thought that they would have schemes drawn up and practiced them already. Also, I just think after seeing outside shot after outside shot missed, he would have challenged the team to attack the zone and drive. I think Miami would have piled up fouls in a hurry. Ball movement and cuts to the basket were non-existent tonight. For that reason and the fact they were playing Miami's bench, this was the worst loss of the season.
> No one is overreacting.

That's a bit ironic mr. "we are literally the worst team in the nba", isn't it?
Man your opinion is useless, you don’t think we play well even when we are playing well
Both Horford and Baynes had terrible shooting games.  I knew we were in trouble when Baynes missed an easy and1 opportunity off a Kyrie pass.  Kyrie just shook his head in disappointment. 
The team had no excuse to lose to a seriously depleted Heat team.  There's a serious lack of focus when you let Olynyk dad dick us around.
Mostly not but I'm also in a really bad place mentally and I'm lashing out in any direction possible
Please tell me what i said was absurd? And this wasn’t a bad luck loss, it was insane we were even close in the end after playing terribly. And we’ve been mediocre for the past few weeks. 
Not sure trading for AD is "overreacting" depending on the package. 
Oh, just when you mentioned Baynes going 0-5 I thought you were talking about this game specifically

My bad man
when you're a ref and Al Horford is in your face arguing with you, you probably fucked up.  He never says anything
All y’all are crazy. Even for Kyrie it’s tough to get to the bucket when EVERYONE in the building knows you wanna get there. People forget: the NBA is tough 
He doesnt think. He just sees the negative in everything. 

Truly a sad person.
It was just a bad shooting night for baynes horford and rozier, I don't know why that's the apocalypse 
The 'absurd reaction' I am referring to is just the general state of the post game thread not anyone specifically 
Yeah! Stupid fucking rookies and young players needing help understanding defensive and offensive schemes. What a fuckin’ *pathetic* group of individuals. If only they could possess your intelligence!
Vs. Raptors, Warriors, OKC, Second game against Milwaukee, Second game against Detroit, SA even though we lost. It feels dumb to even respond to you
He doesn't take a lot of shots in general, but in the 4th quarter, he hesitates much less. He's a rookie, and his confidence in increasing day by day. Unfortunately, his hurt finger hindered his shooting today.
Bradley was getting rebounds because someone had to. We were a terrible rebounding team last season and even worse when he was playing.

Cool, haven't said anything negative about Tatum but there's no pointing out how he's playing well either. There's enough of that. 
You're unbelievable, man. "Not a 48 minute effort"? They've obviously been struggling lately but if you expect that out of any team in the NBA for all 82 games you're gonna be disappointed. I wonder what you would be like if you were a fan of the Rockets/Warriors/Spurs/Cavs.
Well yeah it hurts like crazy and you can’t bend it so it’s going to be hard to shoot for a few months
And he's also the hero of ECSF Game 7.
Of course. I don't think I'll ever forget him maple dicking the wiz in that game
Tatum has been diagnosed with a sprained and broken finger. Will wear a mask for 1-2 weeks.
"Fuck u/3ITKH"
- Jaylen Brown
WHERE THE FUCK YOU AT NOW BITCH? u/3ITKH
Theis just texted me, "I'm sorry for fouling him". He seems to feel bad about it
3 point game is nothing. I've seen this team overcome a 5 point deficit in less than 30 seconds
fuuuuck olynyk that was sick respect 
"It's DEFINITELY a broken finger"-some people
Yabu dab has to be our sidebar image after this game
Kyrie is overpassing tonight.  Must have read the last game thread here where posters were unhappy with his "hero ball"
Someone reaalllly wanted Al Horford out of the game, no one else on the celtics has over 3 fouls
REVENGE GAME. 
Fuck this cruel world 
The KLYNYK tumbling randomly into the crowd, as tradition
Did waiters gain like 15 pounds? That boy about fat as fuck.
We're getting Maple Dicked hard...
THESE REFS ARE FUCKING GARBAGE
Horrible horrible horrible play call. Just awful. Drive to the hole Kyrie.
It's the Lakers Fault.. FUCK THE LAKERS
I don’t think anyone was seriously worried Tatum would be out long term, I just hate seeing guys get injured even if it’s part of the game. 
wtf the calling touch fouls on us but kyrie and co get hacked and dont get shit
They hate calling those end of quarter fouls so you might as well just fucking hit the guy taking the shot with a bat I guess
OLYNK revenge game 
THAT WAS THE WORST CALL I'VE SEEN ALL YEAR
"FUCKING SWITCH" - kyrie Irving 2017

Tatum picks up crazy speed down hill
Kelly has to be the GOAT at fake handoffs.
Awkward white dude for the between the legs.
Miami is annoying especially the team. 
I fucking hate Tyler Johnson so much, his face is so punchable
Where is the foul?! All these people get weak calls when they fall over after missing a shot and Marcus has a guy jump into him and no call
This game is a fuck you game by Olynyk.
So Kelly went from getting the worst whistle in the league to now getting phantom calls over and over. Sweet.
Keep shooting Uncle Drew, fuck the doubters
I hate the fucking heat so much god damn
That was a scary fall
Imagine if Kelly tried this hard every game
Shoulda drove hard inside :(
I miss Kelly :( Pump-fake into open shot, pass the ball
Tatum looks way faster than when he was at Duke.


Like wtf????
How do you fuck up a 3 on 1?

*MIAMI HEAT BASKETBALL*
YESS JAYLEN DIDNT BITE ON THE PUMP FAKE!!!
Refs keeping it close like always. Such a fucking joke. 
Of fucking course the Lakers are smacking the Rockets :/
Lakers up 17 on Houston wtf
wow #2 and #3 combo thats crazy
Can someone tell Kelly this isn't Game 7 vs Wiz?!?
Kyrie needs to take over. Be a fucking killer. 
Has olynyk come out of the fucking game yet?
Can I get a drunk u/fongos for a little stress relief?
I hate blaming the refs, but how does Smart not get a cal there?
DON'T UNLEASH GAME 7 OLYNYK MY GOSH
Wiz are gonna embarrass us on Christmas if we keep playing like we have been lately smh
Can Kelly sit the fuck down
What the fuck refs
You fucking serious 
Lousy shooting night for Kyrie
There you go now shut the fuck up you show em KYRIE!
A 4 guard lineup. This is the shit Brad thinks about in the dark late at night
Worst loss of year 
Holy fuck that dunk was unreal 
WTF IS KELLY DOING!!!!
bad play call
FUCK THE HEAT!
oh fuck
HORFORD AND 1 I'M CRAZY DRUNK LET'S GOOOOOOOOO
Tommy: Larkin's been an asset to this team..

*Larkin terrible turnover*

Tommy: Wooop >:(
This game is so weird, basketball is so weird
Why does this happen every game?
yabu might be one of 10 players ever to actually fall for maple dick's pump fake
That Amish player on the Heat is really annoying me.
It's hard to get calls at home everyone knows that. 
that was clearly a fucking foul
Our points in the paint makes for grim reading
Fuck... just like that we are down 8 
team should be fucking embarrassed. 
Kelly why are you so mad at us :(
WHAT THE FUCK WHY IS OLYNYK GOING OFF
Fuck the refs 
Hahahahhahahahahayahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahaha. Refs are just fucking us so hard. Like wtf? 
#fucking REFBALL!!
Wow... all three of those calls were fucking bull. What did Al ever do to anyone? 
Marcus Smart is Cold Blooded. Feed him the ball!
bostons about to lose to the heat bench

i refuse to believe they're this bad 
Jaylen brown ill suck your wood
How do you not see that Olynyk fake hand off coming 
Thats a weak fucking call
BRAD STEVENS ABOUT TO MAKE US ALL WET WITH A SICK PLAY.
Fuck 
Fuck!
OH FUCK
looked like a really broken finger, shouldn't be that bad. 
Anybody in here also at the game? How was the Jordan Mickey tribute video? 
If they taped his fingers, does that mean they expect him to come back in the game?
That Yabu celebration was hysterical 
that slow motion clip cures cancer
Kelly literally just falling and stumbling all over the fucking place
Wtf happened to the damn rims
Jayson ‘It’s not that bad’ Tatum 
Why do they seem to play to their opponents level? They should be handling this game. 
Our defensive rebounding is so bad ugh :(
Ah yes, the Terry/Marcus Freeze Out Kyrie Irving part of the game.
The entire maple dick :(
Miami will get tired and celtics will rally like we usually do!
Fuuuuuck this game
Someday the Garden will say "GET THE FUCKING REBOUND" in unison. Maybe then they'll get it. 
Kelly whyyyyyy :(
Why the FUCK isn't Baynes playing again??
We have been simply crap
Fucking hell, the Heat literally have nothing but mediocre players
I'd sell my soul for a Tommy Heinsohn signed game ball.
Fuck you Kelly you stupid pubey piece of shit.
KYRIE JUST DID THAT MAN DIRTY!
Oh fuck that looked bad for Kelly
What is Brad going to draw up this time? I'm fucking nervous!
That was bad
That....was disappointing
Poor
sad
FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why the fuck can we not beat the goddamn Heat 
Welp. Now we know what it feels like to be in a Game 7 against Kelly Olynyk.
Jayson Tatum is my fucking father
didnt get enough of the finger for it to be very long term at worst
What the fuck ahahahahah
The lack of consistant scoring from our bench is frustrating as hell
Hahaha. They still have Kelly in the Heroes Among Us video... must be weird for him to see that...

OH SHIT! They gave it to him.... hahaha. So awkward -- just like Kelly!!
Ouch, bad foul
LET'S FUCKING GO YABU!
Thats a weak call. 
Kyrie. Makes. Impossible. Happen.
Wtf happened to our rebounding
Oh man that rebounding graphic is brutal
Fucking Kelly 
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING 
they look so bored.
Rozier back to taking ugly shots
fucking stop shooting 3s and drive in. every fucking possession...3....3....3....3...and miss them all. 
Well... That was a terrible turnover...
This game is ugly as fuck. Both of these teams are playing like ass cancer. 
GO TO THE FUCKING HOOP! Why do you pull it back out Terry?!
Now I am realizing how demoralized Wizards fans must have been during game 7
oh fuck me... with a maple dick
Our offense is so fucking bad without Kyrie, its scary. Fucking get a bench scorer ffs..
Wtf is going on
What the fuck are these threes!!! Jesus
Finally , DRIVE TO THE FUCKING HOOP
Keep going at KO make him foul out...

OMG bullshit call on Al fuck these refs 
We're not best at guarding big men who can shoot. Gasol shot us to death at Memphis and now Kelly is killing us.
Holy shit I am confused how was that a foul?
WHAT THE FUCK
ISO Tatum rest of the game 
Fuck, take that shot Tatum!
FUCKING SWITCH TATUM
These fucking refs suck!
STOP FUCKING POINTING! FUCKING SWITCH
Tatum/Brown defense is god awful tonight
Kelly wtf are you doing
The Celtics are losing this game in honor of KO
LETS FUCKING GO
LET'S FUCKING GO JAYLEN!!!!! 
What a nothing call wtf
LETS GO BABY KYRIE GAME WINNER INCOMING
Kyrie time ... Lets fucking GO
This is bad for my heart
INCOMING L O N G B O Y E GAME WINNER
Oh please please I hate the heat and the entire fan base 
I still can't believe we're now the worst rebounding team in the league. It's just pathetic. The fuck changed? 
Rozier having a trash game after getting praised for one play and got caught smoking on snapchat?

I'm shocked!
75 points. 75 fucking points?
Ugh I hate seeing players trying to get contact on the final shot 
Jaylen can definitely average 20ppg if he's the second option.

Or the heats are just bad
Our bench stinks
Why is Theis in this game
Watch us steal this game too
I hate getting bumfucked by zone defense in 2017
What a fucking joke 
what a horrible fucking loss
Stupid jump shot, no room for that
That was surely a broken finger, not dislocated
Dabbing is fucking stupid 
What an awkward interview
Wow, MultiCut can do fucking anything. I’m gonna buy two and remodel everything.
Christmas break = Stay up late. Looking forward to seeing them in London soon!
[Daniel Theis tonight](http://imgur.com/hD0zr8f) - "Fuck it, mask me up and put me in Brad"
If 0 is back this game and 10 is out for the season

How badly do you think Tatum is hurt?
hey celtics who can shoot please no more diving today
Just tuned in and heard Abby say something about Tatum dislocating a finger?? How bad is it???
Shane Larkin is miserable today.
I've been out of things for the past week or so... Do we have an update on Morris's timeline?
What a bad foul 
Seriously we can't get a call and they call everything for Miami
Kyrie having a tough time getting over the screens
what, the.. fuck..

was that shot
Richardson was like o shit how the fuck did he get that shot off
Tatum's tough.
Tatum looked like a confused puppy there
Everybody and they mama will fall for the Kelly Olynyk Ball fake 
We need the spark boi Yabusele in the game
I wish we could just play the 1st and 4th quarters :(
ATROCIOUS OFFENSE
Atrocious
We desperately need Mook back. 
wtf was that Al???
That's a terrible call
Olynyk has a point to make, it seems. All this maple and me without my usual stack of waffles. 
The fuck are these refs doing jesus tap dancing christ
this is going to surpass the bulls game as the worst loss of the season now that horford has fouled out
I guess Sm3rt is gonna have to take the fuck over
So did Brad deem Baynes too slow to play this game...because Yabu played
Waiters is going to cause trouble late in this game
These 3s are fucked
Fuck you ellington
Horrific effort on both ends. 
Marcus holy fuck
Thats not what we needed. Fuck
This defence is fucked
kyrie screaming "STOP FUCKING SWITCHING"

i feel you kyrie
What the fuck Kelly
This is BRUTAL
Miami's zone really fucked with us tonight
we need to make a move for a bench scorer so bad.  not like the defense is holding up.
Wtf Kelly
I still hate that fucking GE logo. 
Holy shit where was this energy all game!
Just got home and turned the game on....you'd think we were down by 20 reading this thread. 
Wow what an awful shot by Richardson. 
Don’t know if we deserve it but I fucking want it
:(
Damnnnnn Kyrie :(
Fuck.
It's a fucking zone guys not quantum physics. 
Reminder: It's our 11th game in 18 days
Not a great start, Heat haven't been hitting their shots though which helps.
https://twitter.com/tvabby/status/943644898741374977

Tatum not seemingly in terrible amount of pain, but pinky looked dislocated.

Edit: Updated, I sped read and totally misread tweet

Been saying it all year. This team has a critical fucking layup problem.
I'm streaming in my... wait who the fuck cares.
0-3 on game winners :(
Stupid shot. 
Fucking kyrie hero ball 
Hard to shoot if his finger is broken :/
This is legit pathetic 
Shooting 18%.

Beyond pathetic.
I hate to say it, but this is a coaching loss
Hero ball misses make me feel so bad inside. 
Alright, all of my NEGATIVE shit talking has motivated them.
Please put Yabu back on the fucking bench
Kyrie just jacking up terrible shots. 
Please get Rozier out of the fucking game, dude is terrible.
The Heat are very bad.
THIS TEAM IS SO FUCKING ANNOYING
This is why Yabu should not be in the game. 
Can’t buy a fucking bucket 
Won't be shocked if we lose by double digits. 
Terrible shot. 
They are running the same fucking actions over and over. It's not that damn difficult. 
The offense is atrocious
HOTTER TAKE: Jaylen breaks Kobe's 81 pt game
I'm so sorry man.  We're rooting for you.
I’m really sorry man
And thus a 16 game winstreak was born 
She def tried to make a move on him and it's been awkward ever since. 
He was wearing the wrong jersey
Would rather Kyrie hero ball over this atrocious crap we're seeing rn
Didn't expect it to be a long-term issue, I just don't want it to throw off his shooting. Even small issues with your shooting hand can have an impact.
How else are they supposed to keep the heat in the game?
Awful timing for a full second blink
I don't think even Hayward would make a difference with how the refs are fucking us tonight.
Hated them when bron went there and hate them even more now
We're never going to get a game called in our favor. I'm just accepting it at this point. 
Oh Jesus wtf
That sounds horribly painful...
37.5% since that awful 2/11 game against the Mavs one month ago today. 
Brad is a moron.
Our last 3 losses have progressively been the worst of the season... This team has been pathetic for 2 and a half quarters
And mediocre as ever!
They hurt but a sore ankle or knee is worse imo. Hard to rely on a sharp cut when you're in pain. 
They're not a great team though 
Game threads can be a very frustrating place to be when Boston is losing
It's a terrible shot regardless of make or miss. 
Got his hand stomped on, looked fucked up. 
I don’t want him to be out for even a game 
Tommys so weird sometimes 
He’s been taking bad shots though. 
Fuck off Yoda.
It was a tribute to how awkward Kelly was on the court 
dislocated his pinky finger it's strapped up and hes in the game again 
The worst are the rich asshole Lexus commercials.
He doesn't have those Scary Terry buzzer beater dunk senses
Hahaha i fucking called it we'd get whiners complaining about kyrie hero-ball after brad's awful lineups tonight put us in the hole
7th game in 11 nights 
He's bad. 
If we didn't suck ass for 95% of this game we would have won 
holy shit seriously? that evens out I guess since we don't have Theis
Find a different burrito place... but chicken
Barbacoa or steak. Chicken is bomb with medium salsa.
Well, Minus the broken finger
Fuck, how do we keep track of his headband/man bun stats now?
sadly
I'm so dumb it's Dirk. 
Yeah this place sucks lately. It's a bummer. 
No...we just cant make a shot. one of the worst offenses in the league
I wonder if u look miserable in real life like ur comments are 
He's a fucking troll just like you.
Are you just frustrated or is something else happening in your life?
What do you have to back up a claim like this? This is the shit dude. The shit that makes everybody wonder why you aren't banned. It's blatant trolling as always.
They already are lmao. If kyrie looked fucking gassed or something id understand but he doesn’t. He just pulls that hero ball bullshit a lot. Also we get fucked by the “leave the bench in the game during close games” system
Holy shit pelicans are not trading AD.  Like fuck. 
You're atrocious
Fuck off
So edgy. 
Fuck yeah!
Obviously, fuck the Lakers
My bad, Typo on his name. He's just been trashing the Celtics all night. 
None of those, I'm not sure when I posted it
I’m rock hard
Yes sir.  Imo typing /s sucks all the sarcasm out of the sarcasm.  I'm not a fan. 
FUCK ME
FUCK
yeah he caused it to crumble, but Tatum fucked up after Brown did.
His minutes are normal Our team rebounding is bad
We don't know what exactly happened there. Looked painful, but let's wait.
Have you seen the team the past few weeks
How this kid continues to get a pass here is beyond me, but I'm fucking over it. 
You're entitled to your opinion, as dumb as it is.
Yeah that was my point, sorry if it came out differently.
It's kinda awkward tho. How do you tell him? 



/as he's running around in celebration



>nah man, you didn't actually do it...
The past few weeks where we're 7-3?
He was giving our teammates the biz because we were down 7 fuck I hate you 
God I hope DMC re-signs with the pelicans so these stupid trades you people make die. 
Cite your sources. Didn't realize we did that every game.
I still feel terrible about this.
Fuck, man :(
It’s really hard to watch because IT was the life of this team and I fully expect him to have a revenge game against us but even then the little guy has shown he’s somebody to support 
Compare it to the video of when Kyrie found out he was traded to the celtics, just crazy:
https://youtu.be/oavMtUWDBTM?t=24


"The city gonna be mad as fuck" - you're goddamn right
melodrama - that trade is damn genius 
:(
what i want to know, is who recorded this? Were they just casually recording or did they know that IT was getting traded
Yo IT...get over it. This is getting ridiculous. 
Why did they censor n**** in the text but then not bleep it when he said it? Whats with that? Is spelling it out in bad taste?
Dude went to my high school, he used to come back to some of the big games... not anymore :'(
I know what you mean. I want to get a jersey but I can't bring myself to get a Kyrie jersey because I feel like i'm betraying IT.
Still mad as fuck
Nope, This trade is going to be a negative fixture for generations. This going down as the 2nd worst Boston trade after sending Babe Ruth to the Yankees. 
Jae has been absolutely terrible for the cavs. Zizic doesn't play. The nets currently are the 9th worst team and it doesn't seem like that'll change much so the pick isn't that valuable. 
Crowder has been awful and the pick is looking like it’s going to be in the 5- 10 range so it’s value isn’t that high. IT probably won’t ever play at the caliber he did last year again.
No one screwed IT over. 
Your sad, jilted lover narrative is an embarrassment.

And quit saying “our” when your talking about the Celtics. You’re not a Celtics fan. 

Poor naive soul
Yeah treating players like expendable commodities has been disastrous for the Patriots. 
Yep, scrolling too fast. That’s on me. It’s not like IT got traded for someone shitty or to somewhere shitty. He went to a place he can contend and has the luxury of not needing to get rushed back from injury. I hope ITs mad at Danny, but mad at the Celtics? Hurting morale? Nah
This was tough to watch. Always gonna be grateful for what IT did for this team.?
IT had an unreal season last year so I can understand people saying that. Why am I not surprised another pathetic Raptors fan is spending time in here trying to talk shit? 
Damn. Whoever uses the word "cuck" un-ironically is just a sad, sad man.  
There has to be a limit. This shit has gone on for too long.

I don’t remember him having this reaction when Phoenix and Sacramento traded him. 

Let it go dude. This betrayed lover narrative is a sad joke. 

Says the guy who posts in the the_donald.  Anyone can play this game.  
Why do you say not many guys were as dedicated or committed to Boston as IT? 

Avery Bradley was here longer, was drafted here and hustled every second on the court.  Where is his video? Why isn’t he writing a series about it? He wasn’t committed? He didn’t bleed green?

Kelly Olynyk was drafted here, was here longer and just won a humanitarian award from the Celtics. He wasn’t committed? 


Tony Allen, Perk, Rondo? They didn’t bleed green? 

FOH with this narrative that IT gave it his all here and everyone else didn’t. 

To quote Chris Rock.
“That’s what you’re SUPPOSED TO DO.”

Stop with the broken hearted boyfriend routine already. 

Guys get traded. 

I'll never forget when Leon Powe just out of nowhere decided to dad dick the lakers in game 2 of the 2008 finals
Evan and Kelly :'(
Eddie House. I know its a bad pick since you literally said Ovbiously guys like House, but man House was cold.


It's crazy, I was just in that other thread about forgettable celtics. I actually forget Shaq was ever a Celtic.  
Really?  He was always garbage as far as I can recall.  He was an energy guy but horrible at basketball.
Leon is still with the team. Dude is at like every game. He was one of my favorites that year. Too bad his knees couldn’t hold up.
When he says “that was the worst” talking about going to the Warriors game :(
Not sure I believe that directions-to-Michigan story
I mean, if we follow PEMDAS, isn't the answer to that math problem 2? Am I missing something where it could be 288 or 2? 
The picture of Gordon sitting behind Jaylen and Kyrie - The dude on Gordon's left looks like someone in the crowd of a video game.
Gonna be weird when he comes back before IT...
Like he hated being at the game and not being able to play?:/ Yeah I figured he might now have liked that, just because the urge to be there for your team and being unable to play is so just weird and shitty
Going old school with this one. Tony Fucking Delk.
Marquis Daniels. I got mad whenever he got put into the game. 
Brandon Hunter. 

Dude would play garbage time but, somehow, always got a put-back. He was nasty inside the restricted area
Bryant Stith
David Wesley 
Adrian Griffin

Not sure he ever played but what happened to Colton Iverson
Fucking Kris Humphries
shputout to Brandon bass 99 ovr cheesy midrange 
How could you forget sheed on the Celtics? Dude was a dumpster fire like no other. Simmons wrote like 3000 words on how awful sheed was and it wasn't even an exaggeration. 
Jameer Nelson 12/21/2014 - 1/2/2015

We hardly knew ye
Did he even play one full season in Boston? God he was just awful
I'd argue he was memorably bad.
Wow. He was actually amazing whenever he played, he was just plagued by injuries. Idk how you could have hated him :(
I remember him because I thought he died that game where he bruised his spinal cord. He hit Arenas and just fell and didn't move. It was frightening to watch.
He said forgettable, not unforgettable.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!!!!
Sorry you misspelled "Goat"
Omg, omg, Carlos Arroyo too, remember him?! God, I hated that 2010-11 team...
Damn, that bench was so fuckin nasty. 
the trifecta of awful.  couldn't shoot, couldn't defend, and couldn't score in the paint
Man it's so disappointing that the dude couldn't keep his character in check when he was in the league. He didn't have a lot of potential but I think a Barea but worse D could've been his ceiling. 

Not to say *he* is disappointing but that he couldn't stay in the league was

He was better than Jordan in the olympics don't @ me
Why would you trash a Celtics player? Are you not a Celtics fan? There’s being disappointed with a player. that I understand. But people hated Jae when he was one of the hardest working Celtics on the court. Idk maybe that’s just weird to me I guess
Id love me some Mo as well, unfortunately i doubt the Lakers will remain this bad
At least it's not Lonzo form ugly
I dunno. Lopez is supposed to miss almost a month with a sprained ankle. he's been kinda crap out there this year but he's still their starting center...
Ah, for some reason I thought Conley was out for the year or at least another couple months. Not sure where I got that from.
He addresses those  wonky issues  in the body of the article 
Kyrie is a weird dude

That was the worst thing I've ever watched
RENT sucks, but I like Phantom
Duh, he's added the ability to shoot out of a chair to his arsenal 
A terrible injury is not irrelevant. Why are you making comparisons to other sports if you don't want to talk about the comparison? 
C'mon Horford, Maná is pretty bad
Not to be too negative but I can't believe the people who cover the team get away with this. It's basically summarizing what a guy said on a radio show. There's zero value to this. 
That's fucking bullshit
I imagine brad drew the play and Marcus called the fake iso, they all knew what they were running so al would continue running the play 
You're underestimating our stupidity
we have a dpe to match and hes not that expensive. we can also sign and trade marcus.
Damn I never even noticed that, thats crazy
I mean Curry's arm hyperextends and you know what Curry does so yeah.
No idea if it helps his game or not, and as much as I don’t even want to entertain the possibility, I wonder if it would help in the case of an awkward fall
he'll at least be better than Jaylen at both. i can't stand watching that guy overcommit every play, stare at the ball, and not communicate on defense and then dribble into defenders/the baseline, dribble on his feet, and throw the ball on offense. for someone called the smartest player in basketball just because he was on the fucking chess club in college, he's a fucking idiot
What do you mean when you say over committing? 
Our bench. Other teams are going to have runs. But if our bench can't help offset that with sinking some buckets, every game will be like yesterday. 
I'd have to agree. Once the bench unit checks in it disrupts the flow for the rest of the game
No there’s a video player taking up half my screen that changes size randomly. 
you mean tanked? 
How is sarcasm THAT difficult to detect? Are we all that sensationalized nowadays?
Dude is averaging 27 ppg in the past month or so. 
He didn't play a game.
But he still got paid.  I get the reason, but I still dont think its right.  If he had come in like Heyward and broken his foot 2 min in, he is not eligible but because he fucked up before the season he is...thats just dumb. 
What do you mean by impact though? He didn’t take them to the playoffs. 
Did practicing with NBA talent add anything to his game that he didn't have in college? I don't see why i got downvoted but nobody has a valid argument against me. 
Simmons isn't number one option as a scorer, Embiid is. Even if it was Simmons he's not a skilled scorer besides little awkward floaters and layups. 
He would be practically useless offensively if he didn't have the ball in his hands 24/7 
. If that's what your saying. But he's a walking triple double as a rookie and you can't refute that 
He fouled out and it seemed like he was mad at himself for it. 
And while we are looking at the disheveled Pelicans franchise, how about their fan base?

the last thread on the Pelicans sub is 2 days old. And three of the last six threads are game day threads
Yall delusional and crazy if you wouldnt give up tatum brown and whatever else NO asks for AD , even with his injuries he is a lebron type of player , once in a century... 
jaylen brown is a small forward, were just playing him at sg
False
hah fuck that. Should just pay him with the politicians money
Very few players have a no trade clause. That list is 3 players: Lebron, Melo, and dirk. That’s it. 
Kyrie is ~~flashier~~ than Hayward. Not better, imo
That's insane that we could still be under luxury tax with a bunch of guys making crazy money
Im too attached to both of them :(
Fuck that. Horford, Lakers pick and 3 firsts. 

I want to keep my Tatum
It's a defensible opinion. I'm disappointed (though not surprised) that you're getting downvotes for it.
Why do you think it's a defensible opinion?  I mean I disagree but I'm curious about your reasoning.
Is it weird that'd I'd rather roll with the players we have than gut our team and get Davis?
Are New Orleans trading AD?   Why would they?    Here comes another 100 stupid AD to the C's trade ideas.    
Fuck yea. Brown Lakers 1st and horford. I'll draw in a unibrow if it happens 
Davis should ask KG what loyalty to a scrappy organization will get you. Hint: a wasted prime, and broken promises.
Poor comprehension, m8
I worded this poorly. I meant to say, if we were to chase him, we'd have to give up everything. I don't mean that we should do it.
Too late 
Might’ve reading it wrong but the way he worded it made me think he means at this moment 
This game reminded me of a game two years ago. Also a u/timi093 video.

Celtics got like 4 steals in the clutch vs Indy.

https://youtu.be/VhOpWx9KgYY
Your life will probably still mean nothing but I'm with you man I'm all in on this team
I had only been following basketball for like 2 years and I thought it was terrible. I thought we would be the same
Kyrie is 100% a super star. If you don't think so you're insane. He was the won that beat the warriors 2 years ago in the finals with his D on Curry and offensive game. 
But one thing about Brown is that when the moment is big, he seems to step his game up to another level. He stops thinking and just plays, and that's where all his hard work pays off. 
I probably say "How the fuck did he do that?!?!?!" 12-16 times per game.  The game comes so easily to him it's like poetry.
The stretch of turnovers we had should have lost the game. No comment on the fouls
Remember when we used to have a defense?  WTF happened? 
Scal's commentary is a lot like Romo's he knows the game well and he explains it well
Bench was fine this game, we crumbled in the 4th by giving like 6 offensive boards in a row and because of stupid turnovers when we had 3 or 4 starters + marcus on the floor
He will, gradually game by game.
Is that a smart-Kyrie-Tatum conga  line behind them??
Horford is like 6'9"-6'10", 245lbs...and Baynes is just casually walking him down the tunnel...
I missed the game of the fucking year because I went to star wars. And they were sold out. So i saw neither the game nor fucking star wars.
Kyrie is crazy clutch. 
Oladipo v Kyrie was insane. 
The damn stream I was watching froze at about 54 seconds, and I couldn't find another one that was working....I didn't know they won this game until this morning....crazy
sucks to suck!

jk feelsbadman
Don’t think watching the team blow a 19 point lead, turn the ball over all night long, and still no communication on defense is exactly game of the year material. 
I mean, LeBron is matching him in crunch time, and their contributions over the rest of the game aren't that close.
Scary Terry inbound
Larkin with the scare.  Scary with the steal and dunk.  President Stevens with 4 guards and a center.  

Holy shit.
SCARY TERRY
Why in the fuck did he pass
---

^^^^^Scary ^^^^^Terry ^^^^Scary ^^^^Terry ^^^Scary ^^^Terry ^^**Scary** ^^**Terry** ^**Scary** ^**Terry** **SCARY TERRY**

---
SCARY
SCARY TERRY GETS THE SCARY STEAL AND DUNK TO SCARE THE GAME
[SCARY TERRY BITCH!](https://giphy.com/gifs/scary-terry-3o7aDgB35Xdtaq8Su4)
SCARY TERRY
Havlicek....I mean Rozier stole the ball!
Call me stupid but why didn't we foul them? I mean I'm glad we didn't, but I feel like I'm missing something here.
They should play the Halloween theme at the Garden whenever Terry does something scary like that in a game.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLAMbfv12sQ
Omg this is when I was obsessed with Ray Allen. Those were the days.
I said it last night! Throwing a slant into tight coverage after a fake spike! 
THE WORLD WILL KNOW OF SCARY TERRY
Don’t be too upset. Dipo is fucking legit.
I remember watching this game. 
Did the player he was chirping at fucking flash him?? I couldn't stop laughing. It looks like he pulls up his jersey girls gone wild style.
both nfl games last night were brutal
That would have been the craziest ending I'd ever seen. As it is now this one is up there. But that would have been insane 
Why wouldn't he just hold the ball? Wait to get fouled or the game to just end?
I'm as confused about that as I am about why you're getting down voted for a legitimate question...
All you fuckers saying Kyrie wasn’t clutch in the game thread, how you feeling now? Absolutely disgraceful, Uncle fucking Drew baby!!
#SCARY TERRY!
#FUCK LANCE STEVENSON
I've literally never seen Tommy this angry about the refs before....
FUCK THE REFS

FUCK THE NON-BELIEVERS

LET’S BOOGIE!!!
TITO BABY!!! Never had a doubt in my mind!! Lets fucking goooooooo!
**SCARY. TERRY.**
The Kyrie bashing pissed me off to no end in the game thread
#Scary Terry muthafucking Rozier III
I DONT KNOW ABOUT YOU GUYS BUT IM FUCKING TERRIFIED
SCARY TERRY
Pacers aren’t in that game without the refs. Edit: Tommy is preaching!
Lulu's in Allston, not a sports bar, just fucking exploded in cheers when Terry got that steal.
Tommy postgame right now is so bad, I've never seen anything like it. Funnier than fuck.
SCARY TERRY
unbelievable 
I'm so excited by that I had to just come here and say something, but I can't think of anything to say other than
FUCK YEAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scary Terry, let's go!!! 
#Fuck the Rozier haters
SCARY TERRY WITH THE FUCK YOU REFS DUNK! 
ignoring the Celtics meltdown for a moment... Let's give props to Kyrie for making two clutch 3s, Larkin's defensive instincts that helped setup the steal, Scary Terry for being a sick mofo (at this point we need a paternity test to convince us he's not MJ's son), and the genius of Brad for going with a 4PG + Horford defensive lineup on the last play. 
Scary Terry omg I take back every criticism I've ever had about you!
EVERYDAY IS HALLOWEEN, BITCH!!!

Also, shout out to u/keboy92 and his ~~uncle~~ UNCLE'S FRIEND'S COUSIN
OH MY FUCKING GOD ROZIER OH MY GOD
Wtf was that game? Oh my god.



OH MY FUCKING GOOOOOD
Too bad I'm temp-banned from r/NBA. I'd love to be shoving this up their fat smug fucking asses.
My league pass timed out as soon as terry made the steal and I was going fucking mad
Oh.my.wow!!\
Kyrie, ice cold to set that up... then the steal!!!
EVERYTHINGS COMING UP ROZIER!


LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOO
12/18/17 when Terry Rozier RIPPED THE FUCKING HEARTS OUT OF THE PACERS
Celtics and Patriots with the late game interceptions!!!
How the fuck
Rozier made a fucking football play tonight.
Holy shit dude. I stopped watching at 105-102, and switched over to the Monday Night Football game because I got pissed off. What a crazy end to the game. I need to find a replay of the last minute or two ...
We threw our lead away with terrible passes in the third quarter.  Seriously.  Their "steals" were our turnovers.
Is no one really talking about how badly the team played this game?
Seriously, not sure what was going on with the doom and gloom at the end there in the game thread. I have no idea why people think down 4 with 27 seconds is insurmountable.
Marcus Smart turnover: 7  
  
 terrible
##[Scary Terry things ](https://imgur.com/Nm9t3Ev) 
I just bought a rozier Jersey after that. Drunk me may be mad later butfuckit
FUCK THE NBA 
Yo this sucks I had to watch the Netflix Punisher with my stupid SO fuck this i'm leaving her to sit on the steps of TD Garden like John Cusack or some shit
***IM FUCKING TERRIFIED OF TERRY***
***NOW GIVE ME THE FUCKING GOLD***
#GIVE ME THE FUCKING GOLD
https://www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/6ty9w9/spoilers_infinite_episode_6_may_have_leaked_you/dlplbt3/

Find it so funny he says stuff like this then proceeds to bitch about our team every single game thread. What a miserable existence.
Grizz game + Steelers almost touchdown took 5 years off my life
i hate how if your team loses you're not allowed to call out the refs. they fucking suck, win or lose.
That bar is sick
And that’s why you always watch a Celtics game to the buzzer. 
The doom and gloom happens from the same people in almost every game thread, no matter how the game goes.
you're so mad we won
I mean, there's no question. Butler, Brady and Papi alone...

Edit: and Vinatieri!
I THOUGHT THEY WERE SOLD OUT! I NEED AN ALTERNATE BLACK ROZZAY JERSEY. SORRY I'M HAVING TROUBLE CONTROLLING THE VOLUME OF MY VOICE!!
Drunk me needs a Tito III Sticks jersey, stat.
Butt fuck it.
FUCK THE REFS
I didn't think I could scream louder than I did when he threw it down. Tito proved me wrong.
Serious question: Why do you watch the Celtics?
Mad as ever hahaha 
not as toxic as Patriots game threads
I'm mad they played like shit. 
Fuck the Yankees
I was in Italy. After we lost I closed my computer just in time to see the sun come up. Worst feeling ever
Buy a fake jersey brotha, quality and color will be off, but they’re still solid 
disappointed in what? we're 26-7 idk how you can keep being so negative
Have you seen the defense the past month or so?  And the bench? 
Nah just rozier which gets me sad
$40 a month. Fuck that.
League leader in 3p% and throwing down hammers at 19 wtf
its just not fair
The fake to the left was so nasty. The drive was so disgusting. The dunk was filthy. Dirty all round and I’m so happy!
They should serve Tatum Tots at the game.
This kid is a fucking stud
It's truly ridiculous 
Hayward and Tatum is gonna be such an unfair combo
It makes me sad that people forget about Jaylen 
Fuck now Marcus is gonna shoot all game
#THIS IS HONESTLY CREEPY AND DISTURBING AS FUCK
I JUST SHIT MY PANTS !!!
That was disgusting. 
These calls are fucking ridiculous at this point. 
I remember seeing a comment saying we should throw terry into the ocean 

Well I respectively say go fuck your self 


This is scary fucking terry 
These pregame interviews with Scal and Brad are getting weird lately.
##JAYSON FUCKING TATUM
The fuck is happening on this halftime show 
I hate Lance Stevenson so fucking much.
This is literally the Patriots game.
I'M AT THIS GAME HOLY SHIT HAVE WE MISSED? MARCUS IS LOOKING LIKE CURRY OFF THE DRIBBLE
oh my fucking goodness. Jayson Tatum 
Death, taxes and Smart/Rozier icing Kyrie out of the game. 
Im uncomfortable :(
So is there a reason why we're not more hyped about Theis? Aside from his 3 point attempts, the dude is always solid and leaves an impact whenever he's in the game. 
Jesus Tatum!!!! Fuck
FUCKING NASTY
holy fuck tatum
Brad doesn't want teams to have excessive film on Tatum, so they're keeping him contained until the playoffs. Today's happenings were an accident
I swear, we can’t play a game where we can just blow someone out, there’s always gotta be some bullshit comeback. 
TATUM WTF
Oh fuck! 
HOLY FUCK JAYSON
When Tatum does plays like these I remember why I hate Simmons so much. Fuck Simmons for ruining Tatum's ROTY campaign.
GOD DAMN JAY!!! DON’T DESTROY A CAREER LIKE THAT!
>I'm still burning 

What's wrong Abby you have a fever? Let me take care of you!
Too bad Tatum isn't athletic :/
Gimme that shit!
"GIMME THAT SHIT!!!!"
FUCK EVERY ONE OF YOU HATERS
Holy fuck
holy FUCK
4 FTAs to 19. I mean come the fuck on.
Am I the only one not panicked about this game? I ain't feeling a loss tonight, at all. We're in foul trouble and we've been turnover machines but we're fighting hard.
Pacers are 29-37 from the line.. and us 8-14.. holy fuck
#FUCK THE ROZIER HATERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


HOLY SHIT WALK IT OFF TITO!!!!
Was genuinely shocked when Smart made that
EAT FUCK, SABONIS
Something is wrong with the rims. Theis technically made that shot
I don’t even know shit about basketball yet but I see three things: Tatum move, Brown move, Kyrie move.

Moves and defense. And fucking buckets.
Indiana's dunk team weak af
Just cause you fall down doesn't mean it's a foul. This game shouldn't be tied. Fuck these chumps
Kyrie blew this game.  He should be embarrassed by this.missed like 9 shots in a row and kept shooting, not looking for his teammates.
Refs fucked us
FUCKING SCARY TERRY, BITCH
SCARY MOTHER FUCKING TERRY!!!!!!!!!
Y’all can hate on Marcus all you want every fucking game thread but I love you baby 
First time I've wet myself and was unashamed of it.. JAYSON TATUM!!!!
Omg aggressive Tatum I like he evolves every game
Steady dose of FT attempts keeping them in the game. Annoying. 
WHY THE FUCK DO YOU DO THAT ROZIER PASS THE DAMN BALL
Jaylen can't be that bad at FT right? I'm holding out hope that this is just 3D chess, and when GS tries to play hack-a-brown in game 7, he goes 15-16 at the line.
>GIMME THAT SHIT!
WTF that was sick
These fouls are fucking weak. Jesus H. Christ.
Fuck everyone except for Tatum.



You guys are so wishy washy about Smart :(
CALL A FUCKING FOUL ON KYRIE'S DRIVES
We may have not played well this quarter but the refs stole this game from us
Turnovers ending up being the factor in this slow burn comeback by the pacers 
You fuckers excoriating Kyrie for the ONE BAD SHOT he took in the quarter have anything to say about the last two he's made?  Cause it's the same damn shot.  Hypocrites.
FUCK YEAH SCARRRYYYY
FUCK ME FUCK YOU CELTICS YOU FUCKING HEARTWRENCHERS
Motherfuckin scary Terry
I fucking told you so!!!!

Scary fucking Terry 
HOLY FUCK YES GO C'S FUCK 3ITKH 
I Missed the last 30 seconds someone tell me wtf just happened
GAME OF THE YEAR 
Everyone shut the fuck up about Jaylen, we would’ve fouled anyways smh
Late whistle on Semi getting hacked, it's like the refs are trying not to call fouls for us. Fucking morons 35 ft for indiana
We have turned into OKC. This team is so fucking annoying sometimes
Abby and Scal both look exhausted. Coincidence??? I think not. 
Tatum’s game is so pleasing 
Hate this is on NBA TV. Quinn Buckner never stops talking
wtf... no call bs... also Horford was like 'Jaylen you must make a shot! Keep going!'
Jaylen looking a bit shaky on D
IT IS FUCKING RAINING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuck I thought the game was at 7:30 😤
that was fucking nasty!
Slammed my work desk out of excitement..now everyone's giving me the weird looks..thanks Jayson
what a ridiculous call
Rozier is just playing dumb spaghetti sandwich basketball
#would it be weirder with a random man or is it weirder that thats her father 
OMG fuck these refs... blind and paid off only explanation
OMG wtf... theyre trying to foul out all starters to even this out or something
Fuck these refs, what the fuck are they doing
Marcus has been a turnover machine lately. Fuck the bench goddamn
wtf kyrie
PASS THE FUCKING BALL
This is fucked
Kyrie’s gotta quit that contested 3 shit late in games 
should have had tatum in for the 4th. really poor rotations by brad on this one. not that the refs fouling jaylen out helped
Really frustrating 4th
The fuck
Fucking Oladipo.
I’m getting sick of this tbh 
Let’s fucking gooooooo
They can't make shots for the last 5 minutes but somehow make all these prayers at the end of the game :(
HAH. This is like the PATS game.
HOLY FUCK TERRY!!!!!!!!!!!
Holy shit.  That was a game.
#TITO FUCKING THREE STICKS, BITCH
The refs were trying to Fuck the Celts by not calling a foul.  Who would have known that the refs swallowing their whistle would come to bite them in the ass.  

Lets GO Celtics !!! and F the Kyrie haters 
We were all pissed of and salty and then BOOM victory!. I need a scary terry statue on my front lawn
Never doubted them.... hah. Scary Terry bitch 
Where the Kyrie haters at? Fuck you all
"Kyrie's in the game? Let me just fucking iso and try to shake my man off"

-Fucking Rozier
Kyrie fullllllll hero ball mode

Terrible loss
What the fuck is Kyrie thinking.
Hate to say it, but Kyrie's shooting us out of the game.
This FT differential is fucking absurd
I have and will always hate Bojan
These refs really are fucking terrible and I almost never complain about them 
Kryie gets the opposite of superstar calls this shit is crazy
YAY NOT THE WORST 2ND QUARTER ILL TAKE IT
They are trying so so hard to let Indiana back in the game. 
The refs are fucking insane here
Fuck that’s 5 on Jaylen 
What the fuck is going on?
Fucking turnovers, man...
Idk about the other players, but Baynes got dicked by the refs this game
I fucking hate when Smart shoots well. It somehow ruins his game.
Ugh Oladipo's ridiculous
SCARY TERRY
CAN WE GET A FUCKING FOUL. FUCK YOU REFS. FUCK EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU.
What the fuck is that shot Kyrie
Bad 3 Kyrie
Kyrie is about to step the fuck up
Honestly, as bad as we've played in the 2nd half. Holy fuck the referees are calling every ticky tack foul for the Pacers. Such horseshit.
This Indy team isn't shit.  Needed the worst refjob of the year to take it.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT TERRY?
I overestimated our boys this last quarter.. so disappointed.
That fucking awful inbound pass by Rozier was the cherry on the cake of shit tonight
SCARY FUCKING TERRY
SCARY TERRY 
HOLY SHIT! 
SCARY TERRY BITCH
Dear Mother of Jesus Titty Fucking Christ. How? Just fucking how? They are gods.
Holy fucking shit I'm sitting in class score watching shitting myself losing hope thinking we lost.  Check the update and we won.. I can't fucking wait to get home to watch it now
And thats game boys
WHAT THE FUCK
Jesus the half court shit almost fell. Bless scary
SCARY SCARY SCARYYYYYYY
This is seriously wretched officiating. 
These refs are fucking us so badly. Jaylen and Baynes both have 5, what the fuck.
Fuck the building cheering that's literally some of the worst calls I've ever seen 
Why so much hate for Smart and Rozier?


This is utterly annoying 
Terrible basketball. 
This is infuriating. We are not a good basketball team right now.
What should I wear to the Celtics vs. Wizards game on Christmas? A black dress for their funeral, or an Celtics ugly Christmas sweater with a Celtics santa hat?!
I predict a hot start and an awful second quarter. I hope I'm wrong though
Oh I'm hard
He was passing what the fuck
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING

Another terrible call come on now
Pacers commentator announces the game like the audience is blind
Holy fuck, everyone is hitting
Holy crap I just realized it's been over a week since I've been in a game thread. I missed you guys.
How did duke not unleash this filthy animal in college 
Tatum is a fucking MAN. 
Kyrie is chicken salad, that guy makes something outta nothing
Marcus and Terry have been making terrible decisions lately the rookies are playing smarter come on boys.
Smart with a needless ill advised behind the back pass to a pacers player. Still jarring how poor his turnovers are. 
All right I actually hate this Pacers color commentator. 
FUCK BEN SIMMONSSSSSSS
JAYSON FUCKING TATUM
What the fuck jayson you're a beast
Every time I see #44 on the Pacers get the ball I stupidly think "Austin Croshere is still playing?"
wtf are these bs calls
Seriously like whats the protocol on keeping refs accountable? How do fans give input and feedback? This is bullshit this isnt basketball
We can’t buy a foul and they can’t *not* get one wtf
WTF IS MARCUS DOING
Welp, ugly quarter. Still think we got this though
If we blow this game...
Theis stayed absolutely still on that shit. Whattttttttttttttttttt? Terrible call.
Another turnover. Protect the fucking ball.
this is going to be an ugly one 
Sloppy
What a fucking meltdown 
Just give the ball to fucking tatum 
we chose the wrong quarter to play poorly
Kyries hero ball is annoying. I appreciate what he does for the team but he's had a few game now that have hindered us with him hogging the ball. 
We cant even inbound a ball properly now wtf
Oladipo is sick
what the fuck is happening
That's game
and thats game
oliadipo looks like the fucking MVP after this shit
How the hell do you choke this badly, jesus
This team has a lot of fucking work to do
This truly is the Kevin Pritchard revenge game.
thats the ball game
Where are you assholes complaining about Kyrie now?  He's our only fucking reliable scorer out there
Thank God Kyrie.. if we lose this game I am going to turn mad.
Fuck refs
Jesus fucking christ Kyrie
We will not go away quietly into this cold night motherfuckers 
This is insane
fuck yeah ROZY
SCARY TERRY OH MY GOD
IT'S THE PATS GAME ALL OVER AGAIN DON'T GAMBLE AGAINST BOSTON BABY!
HOLY FUCK YES LETTTSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
FIRST THE PATS GAME NOW THIS!!!! I need some Xanax 
Lololol dumb bogdanovic
FUCKING CRAZY
Kyrie could go 0-20 but with the game on the line it don’t matter, he’s probs gonna make ir
Get Smart off of the fucking floor, what the fuck are we doing?
Al jeff is in the game, it should be Kyrie pick and roll with his man every time
Why is that kid that can’t shoot taking the final shot. T-Ro looks lost tonight... brad with a bad final play
These fucking refs...
They bailed us out and hurt smart this may be bad for them 
That was an awful shot...
Ya ngl kyries done a lot of hero ball this half tbh... not good 
There's not a single game where smart doesn't fuck up At least one aspect of his game
That was so awkward
20 to 9 fouls is it that bad? cant watch the game tonight
Kinda hard to play well  when  you  can't get into any sort of  rhythm, what with all these whistles.
Refs single handedly brought the pacers back into this game. This is infuriating to watch. 
Marcus is terrible on offense; water is wet.
We just got fucked in the asshole by Oladipo
Fucking hero ball
refs made it a tie game but we are fuckin choking
usual celtics tradition, blowing leads
Take Marcus out of the fucking game for gods sake. 
Holy shit our FG%!!!!
Wtf is going on with those drumers faces?
Just need rebounds, otherwise game can’t complain about that quarter. Let’s keep this lead through the half. 
Our 2nd qtr woes are a legit and scary thing
oh....that's terrible brick unit... I'm so nerves
I've been very disappointed in him this year 
Smart's terrible turnover started tonight.
omg that fake
man that's a fucking BULLSHIT call
I'm not sure what the ref even thought he saw on that call
What the fuck? Embarrassing
yea wtf is he thinking
tfw i want to be mad at Smart but he's hitting his shots
We'd be undefeated if they gave this level of effort every game 
I wish scal called every game 
MAKE YOUR FUCKING FREETHROWSSSS PLEASE
Jayson turned into Hulk... Lean mean Green Machine... Dont want to make him angry!
Tatum is mean
Unfair how do you guard that 
Just tuned in. Are we playing dirty or the refs just being assholes?
Fucking hell, this is ridiculous...
This is fucking  bullshit 
Tatum swishes even off the bad pass
Wtf 
Not only do their halftime shows suck, their choice of music is questionable as well.
Their mascot keeps fucking up the trampoline dunks in the quarter break
Theis' shot is bad form but somehow aesthetically pleasing
It's the first game I'm genuinely angry with Marcus
Damn the schedule was brutal in that '59-'60 season. 8 games in 9 days.
Playing on the Brad Stevens Celtics means that no matter who you are you get at least a week every season when everyone loves you. This week is Larkin's week
Team's settled for a lot of bad shots today.
Where’s the fucking whistle jesus
This game is making me so anxious
This is fucking ridiculous
Fuck the refs
Really bad offensive possessions. 
We are shocking when in the lead
Fuck this shit 
Fuck!!!
Fuck
This really will be the worst loss of the year if they do us like this. Get real, Celtics. 
1st lead of the game... its worse losing like this
Ball game.
What a horrible choke job
Fuck
why was terry in the game
Fuxkk ,Ola dipo is CLUTCH :(
Jaylen shud be on Oladipo...... cept refs fucked this game giving him 5 quick ass fouls on lotta weak bs
Wow man, Oladipo is a baller.

We got fucked by the refs and choked simultaneously. Bullshit.
Ball game.
So salty right now, we can't lose to bad teams like this
Fuckin terrible shot selection but yay
OH MY FUCK JAYLEN,
Pls just need a fucking steal 
HOLY FUCK HAHAHAHHAHAHAH
What the fuck just happened 
NEVER GIVE UP NEVER SURRENDER OMG WTF
is that scary enough for ya?
Came so hard
SCARY FUCKING TERRY T ROZAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Holy holy fuck they choked bad. Big time steal by Scary Terry!
Scary Terry mothetfucker 
This is pathetic man. 
Tommy is a national treasure. Also what the fuck is this halftime show? 
Seriously we cant even play defense.  Everything is a fucking foul.
Jesus Marcus wtf are you even doing on offense
Refs are blind
Game. Blouses.
I really hope this teams youthful mistakes don't show up too bad in the postseason
Man what the fuck is Marcus doing right now? Dude has been terrible. 
Just another terrible decision. Dunk the fucking ball Jaylen. 
They deserve to lose this one. Absolutely pathetic fucking effort down the stretch. 
The fuck is Kyrie doing?
More terrible decisions. 
Worst loss of the year.
We're about to lose to fucking Victor Oladipo. 
Terrible communication on defense. Baynes is on the complete wrong side. 
Another terrible fucking turnover by Smart. 
Marcus Dumb 
Ref game
We're getting anally raped. Our last 3 losses have each been our worst loss of the season... progressively
I HATE the call to pull tatum
Another terrible quarter and almost all self inflicted. Idk why its hard to just play smart for 48 minutes.
Dumb fucking play Mahcus
What the fuck are we doing....this is amazingly awful basketball. We've lost composure. Go to the damn hoop and make the refs call something. 
Marcus needs to stop driving looking to score, youre not good bruhh 
This might be the worst game I've seen this year 
"Nah man there's a lot of game to go, don't stress out about stupid turnovers and bad shot selection. Have faith!"
Al looks like a bald Ajit Pai I'm wicked uncomfortable
The decision making has been fucking terrible. 
Kyrie needs to hit a damn shot and guys need to fucking box out.
This is the lineup that loses the lead. 
I’m so fucking done with Jaylen Brown. Just an unintelligent basketball player. Waste of physical gifts.
Why does it feel like we lose every other game now 
Bruh... at least when it4 abandoned the system in the 4th quarter he would always deliver tbh 
Smart stop pretending to be Nash you fucking acne infested idiot 
What a dumb foul there goes our chance. 

EDIT: I stand corrected and deserve the downvotes. 
I really hate Horford post ups
Ojeleye looks so stiff on reverse layups. 
We're taking terrible shots, committing terrible fouls, and playing with low energy. Its like they have no idea how to play with a lead. This shouldn't be a close game. 
“Oh shit what a bomb!! He blew that thing up!”
He more than made up for missing a couple shots down the stretch!!! Kyrie!!!!!
They forgot we had Scary "GIMME DAT BALL" Terry
I don’t anything can beat that Jaylen put back dunk, but that was fucking close
I legit cannot move past this right now. That's so unbelievably annoying in a close game.
it's forcing Ky to take tough jumpers cuz they're not calling shit at the rim
bc that is his game
No.  Shouldn't be in this position. Team is still behind
That putback dunk he had for SMU was insane
Jaylen has crazy nerves 
I'm a ride or die boi. Stick with Marcus through the thick and thin. He'll pull through. 
Wouldn’t be so bad if the backups actually passed the ball to Kyrie. 
HOLY FUCK
Hero Kyrie draining threes and scary motherfucking Terry
I don’t understand it. Dude gets hated on every time he makes one little mistake 
At least Quinn's voice is tolerable unlike the Knicks and cavs guys
at least no Heinsohn.
Me 2 bromingo. I'm so mad I missed this quarter.
A little girl was launched into the air with the fathers feet in tights and its as weird as u think it is she does a flip and lands back on his feet while the mother watches 
I have read this at least 10 times and still don’t get it. Is this a copypasta? 
too bad he's not good at finishing
It was a bad drive on the other end
Personally I'm extremely depressed and lack a proper outlet for my anger
I don't like Rozier. I know I'll get hate for it, but I agree with you. I think we are a worse team with him on the floor.
Detroit game prolly
The Pacers had ONE ASSIST in the first half. They lived at the line. It was horrible. 
Celtic fans are fucking insane 
Have you watched the game? Or any game this season?
This is every game.
Not at all how about one was a rookie the other lost 20 pounds and worked on his game.
Ugly sweater.  The Wizards have been dead for years, too late for a funeral. 
Neocitrin is the ultimate cold killer, btw 
10-15 minutes usually
Sad
Something I’ve been wondering for a long time. Especially last season when the league would come out and say the officials fucked up (and the officials’ Twitter would say the league was wrong), I was wondering why they’re just allowed to be trash with zero consequences. 
Anyway I can see this out of market? I gotta stream every game so it doesn’t show Tommy at halftime. 
Looks bad on paper, but officiating hasn’t been too too bad tonight
Asshole refs :/
Your stream must be waaay behind
Refs couldn't stop fucking whistling in the second half, and we couldn't stop turning it over. Not a fun game at all
Lulling them into a false sense of confidence obviously.
Gonna ignore his elite defense and distribution  abilities? Bad turnovers tonight, but it's not like that's the norm for him.
Idk why it’s hard for you to shut your dicksucker. Go troll on facebook or something man damn
That’s just fucking stupid. No one wants to lose. Lazy analysis. 
*irrelevant*
Dude do you realize what our record was at this time last year? Wtf are you talking about
#WTF ARE U JOKING THAT WAS SMART AS FUCK 
You're wrong
We're spoiled as fuck
Why were any one of them there? That shits creepy
No, Kyrie stopped looking to pass.  This loss is on him and I'm his biggest fan.  This one will haunt him for some time.  Selfish ball
They sacrificed a fan in front of everyone it was horrible
16 fouls to 30.I know you actually don't like the Celtics, or live a miserable life, but the Cs got objectively fucked in this game.
It's been awful in my opinion.
Yeah and they also are a terrible "playing with a lead" team
That's absolutely insane.
Yeah all them turnovers and bad fouls 
No momentum and bad shot selection, the game is all but over.
Because I don't want to pay big money for a backup PG who routinely makes bad turnovers on a team that is tight against the cap?
his passing is negated by his careless and frankly baffling turnovers at times.
I don't know why this fuck gets a pass around here. Its nothing but constant fucking negativity and I'm fucking sick of it.
Can you just do me a favor and explain where I'm wrong? Did the Celtics not play terrible on both ends down the stretch? Did we watch the same game?
Watched every game this season. Frustrating night, shouldn’t have written us off though. 
The family is worse IMO just cause I feel like the dads a diddler. I'm not saying he is,  just damn man,  thank fuck I'm not a part of that family. 
Pointing out flaws in our game is not an excuse... Blaming the comeback on officiating is...
A play on a Friday quote...? EDIT Seriously though FRIDAY
The reason people hate on him has literally nothing to do with his hustle/heart.
Of course fuck the lakers.
One game isn't going to change the fact he can't shoot. 
My fucking duuuuuuuuuddddddeeeee
What in the literally fuck are you talking about? He hit 2 straight 3s and got them back in the game. He’s also elite in any position due to insane shotmaking ability. 

As a cavs fan no one in Cleveland that isn’t just salty didn’t love Kyrie and is sad he’s gone

Don’t speak for people when your 100% wrong
Wish the celtics could get some home town bias lately hasnt seemed that way at HOME.
U wrong
I really wish basketball shoes came in wider sizes, unfortunately I'm stuck buying lebrons or primeknits that run wider. If these came in 2E I would of definitely copped a pair. Can't play when my feet are numb :(
Damn sorry you have wide feet
I do not like the Celtics playing in Cleveland. Gives me a weird vibe and that annoying PA that screams "and now make some noise for your Clevelaaaaaaaaand Cavalierssssssssss"
Still not as bad as TWWWWOOOOO MINUTES! DOS MINUTOS! Fuck that guy to death. 
"Isn't a deal breaker in the series just matters game to game" 
We'll make up your mind which is it 
This is why the 3/23 meme is stupid. Some people who have absolutely no clue what Gordon rehab will be like think Gordon is going to make a difference this year. He has months of rehabilitation left he has rehab goals that are unrelated to basketball he'll hit before can even focus on the basketball ones. It's very unlikely he plays this season, if he does it will not be the all star Gordon he'll be rusty at that point. 
Yeah you and everybody else. Keep waiting bud. 

“I can’t wait until Lebron leaves” ha. Every single fan base says the same thing over and over. It’s like clockwork. That’s the only insult they have. Tired of hearing it. 
If his shot isn't falling by the playoffs it's going to be impossible to play him, so hopefully that comes around.
If i'm not mistaken he's got a 40 inch vert or something ridiculous like that.  Combined with his frame, I think eventually we'll get a monster poster from him
Damn I was there an hour ago didn't see him :(
No way do you cut yabu for Gerald green that’s crazy talk 
Veterans do sign one-year non-guaranteed deals at least during the offseason (examples this past year were Jarrett Jack and Josh Childress). I don't believe they become guaranteed once the season starts, but I'm not a CBA expert.
This stretch of 5 games in 7 days is brutal.
Tickets are at least 200, and that's for the shitty seats
KG blowing out his knee that year is one of those things that might completely mess up NBA history if that didn't happen. they wouldn't have gotten past lebron without him after that draining Bulls series.
OOOHHH I figured some event was happening.. excuse my ignorance :'(
Could the suns bring in fizdale and then sign isaiah in the off-season? Or is there bad blood?
well fuck us am i rite
Too bad they’re going to absolutely annihilate us and then he’s going to sign with San Antonio and beat us every year in the finals. 
That would be insane if he played
no one knows how to game plan for IT when he has something to prove
Bruh, link me those "sources" where information got leaked about IT. You are spouting bullshit, stop that and just link me it. If you come at me with some stupid hit piece dont even bother btw.
who I'd want if one game decided my fate
1. Kyrie
2. IT
3. Lowry
4. Wall
5. Walker 
*game clock.
Last year IT had an MVP-caliber season. This year it's doubtful he'll come even close to that.
Don't know how I got downvoted for that. I mean, it's literally a hamilton reference
Dude are you salty you are downvoted grow up who cares it's the fucking internet. 
If you post something constructive you won't be downvoted. I can almost promise that. If you want the game threads to not suck, however, you're shit out of luck. They've been that way for years even after reworking all the subreddit rules and moderation.

If you wanna see some real crazy shit, read the comments on Celticsblog posts.
I thought it was weird how last year calling Crowder overrated was almost always downvoted but when he got traded quite a few people told me he would struggle because he was no longer in Brads system. 
Let me post memes! Fuck this sub is boring as shit sometimes 

Edit: The downvotes prove my point 
Then we're all useless as fans if there's nothing to discuss. Jesus Christ
*touches soil* something terrible happened here.
Added some words at the end and now the post won't display... : (
Seriously and I’ve been really disappointed in his use of Nader, the defending G-League player of the year. If it weren’t for Nader, where would this team be today?
I was mad we didn’t get Brian Shaw. I try not to bring that up now. 
Tatum made a couple of moves that we'll probably never see a replay of, because he missed the layups. But the moves to get by his man were insane.
"we don't need Marc Gasol" - half of this sub

Idiots
Yup, it's December.  They don't matter who they look, just add 1 to the W column.

Tatum is going to be unreal.  He has 25+ PPG written all over his game.  


Not sure what point you're making here mate. The rookie wall doesn't come in December. 
Tatum is not a better passer than Simmons.
You really think our team has actual basketball on-court chemistry? Defensively yeah, offensively we're probably the worst team in the league 
Using single game bpm to make a point is borderline trolling, he was using a 1/2 game bpm.
22 year old Tatum is a 23+ efficient point per game scorer and double-double machine unless something goes horribly wrong. 
ricky rubio tonight: 6 points 4 assists. i hate that guy
ball hog gloves, duh
the fact you even have to type this.. shows how broken the officiating is. 
I never get tired of this meme but can someone tell me the origin? 
looks like the death of his dear friend is still on his mind.. he was playing UNBELIEVABLE until all that dark/sucky shit went down
I like scal, but not a huge draper fan. 
I remember reading an article years ago that Kyrie used to train his handle by wearing sandwich bags around his hands when he was practicing in the driveway.  Seriously.
Tatum and Brown for years to come in Celtic green!
ill show you a fucking facial
Aggressive Tatum is a scary boi
This is SO weird what the fuck
Jayson Tatum is now 50/98 on the season, meaning that at worst he'll have shot .500 on his first 100 treys as a pro.
i want to see tatum take over a game at some point

he's just sauce on the iso
Why is every game an uphill struggle
NO BASKET? WTF?~!
times like these i badly miss our '08 bench
If we lose to fucking Memphis without Conley...idk what to say
Tatum jammed the fuck out of that
BALL GAME
i hate this team's bench 

its a disgrace to basketball 
How wet do you think the mic is after scal finishes a game?
Wait, so kyrie's was a rip through so they didn't call it a shooting foul, wasn't tyreke's a rip through too? What the fuck
How are we playing like shit against teams that are fucking TANKING??
Bruh Tatum is gonna be *scary*
Height of stupidity.. Leaving gasol open all nighy
Gasol has 20+ in the third?? WHERE IS THE FUCKING DEFENSE
damn this team is looking weaker by the game.

without Kyrie its awful
#SCARY
The fuck are these refs watching? Tatum need to lose a limb to get a call?
No Scal it's his bad shooting that makes people think he's a bad shooter.
I'm not watching the game but let me guess:
Bench sucks so bad it completely ruined any rhythm that the starters had in the 1st
Accomplishment of the day: Got out of bed to turn on a stream of the game
Sometimes I still forget Tony Allen is gone :(
Jaylen gets merc'd under the basket and they call this on the floor what the fuck refs.
God I hate this lineup.
IT'S A FUCKING 1 POINT GAME
don't fucking choke please
Fuck man if Tatum would have made that I would have died 
Wtf just happened guys
terrible brick time  
terrible ISO time  
terrible turnover time  

Our 2nd unit is terrible.
Larkin wtf was that
SIGNATURE KYRIE IRVING FUCK YOU THREE!!!
This is JayTay's game don't you forget it.
I hate how people say Smart's defense makes up for his shooting....uh no. Smart's bad shooting cancels out his defense. 
 terrible brick 2nd unit blew lead almost every night
When I was seven my annoying older brother told me "mistletoe" and "cameltoe" meant the same thing so I kept using them interchangeably until I was nineteen.
Me 5 min ago

"ahhhh shit i'm missing the Celts game"

*turns on NBCSB*

"pre-game?"

The fact that we play a back to back in MEMPHIS is crazy
Tatum is ridiculous 
Man I feel bad for Memphis
Now hopefully our bench can keep this lead so that our starters can get some rest in the midst of this awful stretch of games. 
Holy shit get this lineup out of the game 
Defense is horrific. I just don't get it. They just let them walk in. 
Our terrible brick 2nd unit blew lead almost every night.  
They are like... turnover,brick,turnover,turnover,brick,brick,brick,turnover....
Talent BEATS hard work 
Kyrie can't keep redeeming us like that. Our bench needs to fucking step up!!! 
Fuck yourself Chlamers!
how did we fuck this up
seriously guys, WTF is up with this team?  when did we become allergic to defense
For fuck's sake...
Kyrie is +22 wtf. How did memphis go up by 2?
i hate the spurs
HOLY FUCK THIS IS KILLING ME
Our terrible brick unit finally starting to score
Crazy how Tatum is only 19 but Mitchell and Simmons are in there twenty twos when Tatum is 22 watch out
Brown is off. The fuck was that defensive stance?
Lost the 21 point lead effortlessly. So frustrating watch. 
This is pathetic. Bench is an absolute train wreck without Mook. No one can score and they don't take care of the ball. 
Jaylen may be one of the very worst ballhandlers in the NBA
How is that no basket? fucking refs awful as usual
Damn. That quarter was very rude. I feel bad for those dudes’ parents. 
smart and rozier is a bad combo

they don't hold each other accountable because they both have awful shot selection 
Terry is so incredibly frustrating. More than Marcus IMO. He's a black hole in offense and and commits some stupid fouls sometimes.
Stupid reach by Terry. This is just pitiful. 
From 20+ to +6, fuck this...
Beyond pathetic. 
Could someone please fucking score?
WTF tighten up that defense Jesus
Play shithead ball 2nd quarter and let a crap team catch fire and believe they can play ahhh...
Refs are blind 
our terrible brick 2nd unit has potential to blew 50 points lead.
Man... we need Lou Williams bad... I’ll take his shitty defense if we can get that offense I’m sorry 
Now pull the fuck away 😡
Fuck
What the fuck are you calling a foul on?
Fuck these refs man
GUYS WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
I get that they're probably gassed from playing their 8th game in 12 days, but why are we blowing a 21 point lead vs the Grizzlies?
DRUMLINE FEELS :(
slick
When is Morris back? I miss him :(
Use the clock you idiots!
FUCK SMART BRO. IDC IF HES JUST THE SCAPEGOAT, HES JUST REALLY BAD
Brad is... not happy with Jaylen.
i don't care if boston wins 

this game is pathetic and horford especially should be embarrassed 
SCARY TERRY, killing it out there!
Jesus Christ Celtics just a stop or two and a basket and it's a game. CMON
When you guys shit on Mook every game I tried to tell you... we needed him. 
I understand that Brad is reluctant to go small but given how bad Memphis' guards are defensively there's no point having Baynes in.

(OTOH this team lost most of its lead with Larkin-Rozier-Smart in the game)
Marcus Smarts handles are almost as bad as jaylens man. That’s the reason dude never drives.
holy shit horford play some fucking defense on gasol 
Jaylen Brown has major tunnel vision and dude just cant fucking dribble for shit.....
Hes basically a very poor man's Jae Crowder from last year.
Fuck Ben Simmons
Filthy casuals are probably chilling with friends or something. Shhhh, fools.
BBQ chicken
His rebounding is insane for a guard, I love it
What the fuck are you talking about? 
I'm not sure he'd get minutes if he's on another team
cant even blame him this game he's 3-6 and 2-4 from three.. like wtf the defense/rbing sucking is the problem right now


the turnover wasn't his fault either
When the smartites come out theyll down vote tge crap out of you. I agree with you tho
You mean his shooting?
Ignore the ignorant fans who just call him trash because he misses a few shots and fail to recognize everything else he's doing.
It's the fucking worst. I spend so much time having to defend him on here as of late. 
I remember him hitting at least one or two at some point
Not if talent doesn’t work hard
Our bench is just tragic.

And by game you mean season
Game thread's are all about immediate reactions.
His body language has been terrible this game
Brad doesn't want to be Thibs and run his guys into the ground. I don't know how this is hard to understand. Plus missing Morris hurts the depth.
hes just inconsistent some nights hes looks likke fucking kyrie others hes looks like he doesnt have hands
in what? a pickup game? 
Cause he knows he blows on offense terrible.
+/- is a practically useless stat to describe an individual and not a lineup
Started using r/NBA game threads 
He doesn't comment here anymore on game threads, he moved over to /r/nba


fake #1 seed 
That's game threads for ya.
both have sick handles ??? but are a little careless with the ball  
Why you commenting negative shit always 
we're actually worse than the Bulls without Kyrie.
This sub is so dumb 
we playig the worst team in the league so no need to over react
terrible
I hate the he shoots so late in the shot clock excuse he holds the ball so when they get into a set its already down to 10 so the def sags iff him cause he cant shot for shit then surprise hes open when it gets kicked out and there is less the 5 on the shot clock. Its a product of HIS shitty offense.
> broken ass-bench

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Celtics game threads = overreaction overload
m8 wot u? hORf scor like 10 poins pr game.
Can’t hate on Jerebko or fongos. Long live fongos and please god carry Theis now 🙏
Basketball gods injured Theis so that Fongos could watch the game in peace.  

They will compensate him. 20/20/10 Masked Theis incoming.
Jerebko ATTACKED him... tried to break his nose too! Insane
he was protecting daddy pharaoh Horf. They share a bond that goes beyond mere scoreboards
I want to paint a ball like a globe, sneak it into a C's game, pump it up and lob it onto the court during a timeout.

But I DON'T want to get arrested. Decisions.
I am HYPED for these shoes, getting at least two pairs from the get go.
It amazes me that people still think Kyrie is trying to prove the Earth is flat. He's telling everyone to stop blindly believing everything and think before accepting facts and factoids.
“Think before accepting facts” you know how dumb that sounds? A fact is proven. It’s not a theory. How can you deny facts? I mean, a person can deny an apple is a fruit but it doesn’t change the fact that it is indeed a fruit. Jah  feel?
/r/nba hates Kyrie they do anything to try in discredit him like saying he not a top 5 MVP candidate (Which he is).
You mean science book?
Either way, but you risk sounding stupid to others 
wtf
On my way into Boston I heard 98.5's Murray talk about how the Jazz had lost their last 4 games. I had a bad feeling. Here we are the next morning.
I don’t care about +\- I’m sick of him being in the court and shooting those disgusting floaters that clank so fucking hard everytime. 
Yupe not just bad shooting terrible offense all around sucks when they get in that mode and nothing is done to change it, swim or sink offense and boy did it sink.
Because we’re growing. We’re going to be inconsistent sometimes, that’s part of playing young guys. Eventually our bench will have mook and one of jaylen/jayson. Why pull a trigger now on something we don’t need? It’s not worth rushing into a bad deal
Jesus Christ. Are you kidding me? 

Welp it's over. Sorry NBA. Masking kyrie is one thing. But once you mask Theis, game over 

18 banner coming soon 
Didn't notice any foul call when he had his nose broken by the other team. Wow the officiating was bad tonight. 
I'm not sure /u/fongos is prepared for masked Theis.
I'm sorry, what is the protection on it? I should know this by now. 
I doubt it considering how venomous their fan base is. 
Trust me, people in Utah still hate him with a passion.
Yeah see that's fucking awful 
Then again, you see a lot of uneducated crap on facebook regardless.
Fuck them and their watered down beer. Pussies.
Why don’t we ever hear about Marcus putting up shots after a game when he goes 1/13?
People forget AB was a pretty bad shooter to start his career too, his intangibles can't be taught but you can teach shooting so I'm still hopeful

“He doesn’t take that many bad shots”

Dude...every Marcus smart shot is a BAD shot. He literally can’t even hit layups and is trying to incorporate this floater thing into his game which is just awful to see clang off the rim time and time again. 
That doesn't really mean anything. We haven't signed anyone to a rookie scale extension since Rondo.
Small sample size? It’s the 4th consecutive year
Youre seriously calling out Jalen and Jayson .........seriously. You can count the bad games Tatum has had on ONE HAND. The amount of bad games Marcus has had....well I dont have a 3rd foot. Both J's are shooting WAY HIGHER %'s than Smart. Youre bringing a knife to a gun fight, just give  it up. Wow what a weak argument, everyone has bad games...Smart is having a historically bad season. 
I have some leftover bleach from the Bulls game
I still don’t know what a foul is after this game. Both ends of the floor for both teams, then block shots getting called? I’m really confused. Is this like NFL replacement refs bad or just me?
Fuck all of you negative ass people. We have a few bad games and it's like the whole rest of the season up to this point didn't happen. Morris is out, and we have a lot of young guys. 

There's gonna be a learning curve, and there's gonna be nights like this. Doesn't mean we're a shit team all of a sudden. 
TIL: Kyrie cant always do everything. Also fuck all these double headers, we'll pull out of it boys. They just look tired is all.
Our ”brick” second unit is terrible.  
They can't score even 1 point.
Shitty game but whatever. They'll pick it up eventually. I got faith that come the playoffs, well see that ferocious defense again. 
Shit there's another game tomorrow night I feel like we've played every day this week
Theis broken nose :((
Uhhh...what the fuck?
I know the dude is an insane scorer, but I genuinely have no interest in Lou Williams. 
Never thought we would have a game worse than the bulls this season but we reached that mark the same week
He's just so bad at shooting. And layups and he was going through traffic like he thought he had a police siren.
I can appreciate Smart's value while still hating his insistence on looking for his shots
Fuck it, can we just sign Gelo now?
Brad goes to the 3 guard lineup all the time, I trust his decision-making. Kyrie, Al, Baynes, everyone was missing shots in that 2nd quarter. Just bad juju in the arena tonight. 
Where's Gerald Green?! And use the DPE 
Mmmmmm pasta!  But I’m eating dessert rn :(
The first sentence is a false narrative. He’s averaging a career worst 2.5 assist to turnover ratio. That number has gotten worse as his career has gone on. Of the possessions he uses, he turns it over 20 percent of the time. That is by far the worst on the team.
*drunk
Idiot 
A cold streak in the second doesn't explain the Jazz getting whatever they wanted to on offense. It was a complete lack of defensive effort and awareness. The defense has been slipping terribly for a while now. I don't know why guys like you have to make excuses for the teams struggles.
losing a game with Kyrie vs. a Jazz team without their starting front court is worse than losing a game without Kyrie vs. a streaking Bulls
Either google translate sucks or you are a cunt
How drunk are you?
I think you’re confusing us with the coaching staff. 
That's what they said on the Lockedon Podcast. With the way the schedule has been they have had one practice in the past two months.
Ahh my bad, I misread.
He'd still be unhappy somehow.


Honestly, not that wrong
That’s Bc we’re losing a lot of games of late. Impossible, to keep up that pace though.
Idk if it's against sub rules, but can you post the link? Or at least say what DH seller you got them from?
I wish the GE logo was that small on the team's shirts. It's gotta be the biggest in the league.
How small is the XXL? Because I'm an XL 
Jerebko just fucking punched theis omg wtf
Oh look. Marcus gets absolutely fucked by the refs on both ends. 
Kyrie's shoes are crazy
THEIS WONT RETURN??? FUCK YOU UDOH!!!! FUCK YOU!!! ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!?!?!
Can we get a fucking foul call?
WHY WOULD YOU TAKE JEREBKO OUT!!!! CELTICS ABOUT TO GO INSANE
I hope Tatum isn’t hitting the wall. We need his scoring, badly.
Anyone else just sometimes stop while watching the game and think “we’ve got Kyrie Irving”?
The Jazz are 2-10 on the road this season and are without their starting frontcourt. Terrible, terrible loss tonight.
Here we fucking go.
Damn, fuck drunk driving
THAT WAS A FUCKING MISTAKE JAZZ!!! TEAM!!!
Theis will not return :(

https://twitter.com/celtics/status/941838205531308032
THESE FUCKING REFS!!!!!!!!!
ricky rubio looks like the dude that still goes to highschool parties well into their late 20's
Drunk at my holiday party but thinking of the Celtics and of you all 😘
How is that not a jump ball what the fuck 

Isn't that the same idiot ref who ejected Lebron too 
I'm suffering, what a fucking shitty game!
Marcus and Terry are HORRIBLE tonight
Tatum break out game 
What are those shoes Kyrie is wearing?

They are sick nasty.
Fucking Kyrie i'm dying
come home from star wars to this dogshit... 36 pts at half?? wtf
That call on Marcus may have really changed the trajectory of this game. I hate that, man.
2 "bad nights" in 3 games is not a coincidence. The Celtics are struggling especially their bench. Jesus Christ they're getting torched without the Jazz's starting front court
Couple of really ugly losses here guys :(
Was 3ITKH banned or was he broken?
Tommy talking mad shit. get em Tommy 
Jaylen got confused and thought Jonas was still his teammate
Are you fucking kidding me Jonas
God damn jaylens handles driving are so fucking bad smh
Of course. Jaylen would lose handle when in a hurry, EVERY TIME! Fuck......
Is subscribe to the notion that Kyrie just listens to musicals pre game.
anyone else watching philly vs okc on espn? the thunder are so annoying to watch
that should have been a jump, that's ridiculous
holy shit slimm marcus that was ugly
This is not ideal 
Are they gonna fucking miss anything
Thank fucking god they called that a travel
fuck it let kyrie shoot every single shot
I really have no faith in Semi. His 3 is just fucking bad.
Jaylen and Jayson need to be fed the ball in this game and attack the rim.  Gobert and Favors out? Way too passive.
SEMI FUCKING STOP 
WTF is this lineup
All fucking ball yo'
I think /u/fongos is broken
Rozier is having a Nader-esque game and he's still getting minutes
Sure, the refs have fucked so far in the game. But our offence is just trash sometimes. Like utterly terrible.
Well that's game. Worst week of the season since opening week
Just one game, one really ugly horrible game, but just one game.
He loses his handle the same way every fucking time. So frustrating to watch and I have a hard time understanding what is going wrong. It looks like he dribbles way too fucking hard so if the ball doesn't bounce directly into his hand it'll just bounce 15ft out of bounds.
Am not loving Rozier tonight
marcus just cannot put the ball in the hoop.

but this game has been, and will always be about buckets.
THIS IS NOT FAIR! Fongos had Theis vs Jerebko and now Theis is out!
Kyrie transformed into Scary Terry for one jump.
Jesus fuck, this game is laughably ugly.
Bulls game flashbacks
Faces are having a tough night tonight.
Flashbacks to the bulls game
Jesus crist what a fucking atrocious quarter 
Tonight's halftime highlights are literally 1st quarter highlights. That's how bad our 2nd quarter was.
wtf. that was a jump ball all day long
Our defense has been sus lately 
Well not a good game for Jayson
well that's an awful call
Am I wrong or is Kyrie gonna get fined for wearing his shoes in that colorway?
Yo can we MAKE A FUCKING 3PT
FUCK I wish we had Gordon fucking Hayward.
Jaylen and Tatum have not played consistently lately. 
17? Wtf jerebko
THESE REFS ARE FUCKING GARBAGE
Fuckin fuck grab a rebound, oh wait our tallest guy is JB
fuck this bullshit lineup 

stevens fucked up 
this is super hard to watch. like shit we're fucking disgusting out there
Absolutely disgusting horrible loss
Anyone else watching the Rockets-Spurs game after this one? Time for 5 hours of basketball!
Games like this make me miss Hayward so bad 
Kyrie and Al bout to do em dirty tonight. Jazz can't handle the 5-out offense.
Nothing beats a Celtics game to kick off the weekend
Feels bad for the Jazz right now
damn poor Rudy
Damn I hope Gobert's knee is alright. Looked bad. 
Jazz fans really gonna hate us now
Bloody nose, he’ll be aight
The fuck was that?
What a bailout fucking hell
This bench unit sucks at scoring.  Everybody thinks they can finish at the rim.
Tatum is on a cold streak 
Is Kyrie wearing the new confetti 4’s? They look sick on court! Probably pretty tough to wear off court though
God bless [creepy cameramen](https://imgur.com/a/YAF7b)
This is a HORRIBLE game
This is ugly
Make a fucking shot.

Embarassing
Jazz havent beaten the Celtics in 9 years wtf
Holy shut that zoom in on Semi, that man is fucking ripped
0/14 on the quarter wtf
Jazz are so unlucky i feel bad
This is like a Knicks/Pacers game from the 90s...
Jerebko punched crazy eyes!
Wtf... How was that not a jump ball...
Wtf Jerebko 
Rubio is getting really lucky he never hits this crap, otherwise this game would be close
GG guys... chicago game all over again 
Pathetic effort on d. We fucking suck on that end since the streak ended. 
Man, that call is so fucking weak
Semi is thick as fuck
I hate that we suck and Mitchell is not even playing well SMH
I don't notice it anymore when Kyrie has like 29 through the 3rd. It's weird.
Gonna need some secondary scoring from Brown or Horford to help Kyrie 
This game is annoying as fuck, I need some mashed potatoes 
we're making rubio look like fucking steph curry out there WHAT THE FUCK 
Let's see that stupid prediction machine, we'll prove it wrong!
Wow that call was awful 
MOTHERFUCK. MY PC CRASBED AND NOW ITS UPDATING. I need a record of everything Slick Scal says.
This is going to be the worst loss of the season
disgusting shot selection. horrible
such horrible shooting tonight 

What are these fucking foul calls
Every single time they had a chance to close the gap and make it close, they bricked the shot, utah then made the basket on the opposite end. 

Also doesn't help that they had yet another fucking quarter where everyone forgot how to shoot
USE THE FUCKING DPE WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!?!??!????!
We need some bench scoring badly, I think it’s time Danny explores the DPE. 
Fuck this fucking bullshit game.
Turns out when your lineup is an average of 6'3", you're gonna get killed on defense. Terrible decision. 
Our defense has been trash, and our offense has one player. Unfair.
Smart is fucking pathetic
goddamn I hate watching this team sometimes how do we go almost an entire quarter with scoring a single fg, and we've done this shit before
And I thought we got our worst out in the Chicago game
This is Chicago Bulls Bad

Also, Horford's 3pt shooting has dropped off badly
smart wasted that possession so badly
Fuck off Mitchell.
Watching in a bar on mute. Wtf is Rappaport doing here???
I think Gobert just got hurt pretty bad :(
Oh boy another game of no perimeter defense
Air Brown sounds so wrong..
That suit made me blind
Theis is out for the night :(
Theis done for the game
Weak ass call
Fuck that late call bullshit...
Give yabu the fucking ball
Seriously, why the fuck is everyone trying to be like Kyrie???
GET JAYSON OPEN WTF
Shane “I’m going to make every shot” Larkin is in the game 👀
Ice cold
> Kyrie being a human at layups

We are fucked
CANCEL THE GAME!!
Everyone getting elbows this game.
This is the slowest game ive ever watched
This game fucking sucks
That quarter was depressing to watch.. When we slump we look worse than lakers at times
i mean can we call a timeout whenever we go on a 3-minute drought
NBC needs to figure out how to CGI Abby so that she has Scal’s sick biceps.
YO WTF IS UP WITH THE PURPLE AD GOLD SNEAKS!?

Who the fuck does Rubio think he is!?
Fucking RUBIO!  Get mad Kyrie, please!  You're getting punked by this dude?
Rubio is fucking lighting us up...
I’m gonna fucking throw up.
Fucking pathetic 
Wtf is this crap.. How are we this bad
Fuuck Rubio is having a game isn't he?
absolutely miserable game from tatum
2 straight bad fouls for tatum 
this sucks
Fucking Iso Joe is such a pain in the ass.
I hate that Verizon commercial so much
we suck at rebounding again :(
pls no more 3 guard lineups 
All in favor of Kyrie taking every shot the rest of the game say “the earth is flat”
One of those nights. Joe fucking Ingles is beating us.
just when we cut it to 9 we gave up a 3 WHAT THE FUCK!
can we get al in the game 
Larkin chuckled it so hard. Ughhh.
Fucking rozier come on man 
Mitchell's a weird looking guy
This is literally pathetic. Utah is a trash offensive team and they're missing all of their bigs. Yet their horrific backup bigs out rebound us. 
Can we get a fucking stop?
Fucking pathetic shooting tonight
Well, the holiday season is ruined now!  (At least until tomorrow night.)
fuck our bench
annnd game over
Horrible loss for everyone
Fuck frantically trying to refresh ESPN here on the dance floor 
Yeah this game is garbage 
ALL OF FUCKING AUSTRALIA BITCH!
I fucking hate rubio
Worst quarter of the year.
We re probably gonna a lot of L's during these next 7 games or so if we keep playing as badly as we have been
Kyrie single-handedly keeping us in the game, MVP
game in theis.... he need play in they gaem
How the fuck are they making all these crazy shots 
Gisve of them.thehsi becuas ehe was ounch. Jerebo pinch theis. In game not legal if it is not frshs it isnt lebal
Ah yes yet another game where we’ll get zero calls and they’ll make literally every shot
Worst offense of the year.
Ball game.
What a fucking attrocious game and refs swallowing their whistles is making it even worse
at least Kyrie's shoes look dope
FUCK RICKY RUBIO 
Why isn't there urgency we're playing so slow and to their tempo....
these guys are just terrible to watch sometimes... this was one of those nights.  gotta get their shit together.
Couldn't survive brick bros going 3-17 :(
Say goodbye to your contract Smart. Geeze ur bad
Worst loss of the entire 2017-2018 season tonight
I’d trade Kyrie for Rubio in a heartbeat 

Edit: clear fucking /s you goons
ref no calls killed us tonight.  Fucked.
Terrible decision to drive on 4 players by Kyrie.
This is pathetic, this game is over.  

FREE 3ITKH
that was the most fucking embarassing quarter i've ever seen. cant believe these idiots get paid millions to miss shots. sign me the fuck up im game to miss shots
Not looking bad this quarter but that 2nd quarter still happened unfortunately
this game is over
Well looks like hayward picked the wrong choice. 
I think he has a bloody nose.
Why are they purple and yellow?  WTF. 

WHY???!!!!!??????
I'm... I'm so sorry...
All the time. I still text my buddies randomly being like “I can’t believe we have ducking Kyrie” 
Every time I see him, it’s like, “Kyrie Fucking Irving is on the Celtics” and it blows my mind. And I was one of the people who thought there was no way in hell we were trading for him
Like the Bulls game. What the fuck. This game isn’t even close.
or just stop pretending to be drunk
Jaylen has disappeared from this game
Aa theiss?? Heeim is.injures in, the game
Cant believe how badly this team is constructed, can’t even make the finals in a season where Hayward plays five minutes before breaking his ankle??? What a joke Ainge
They missing gobert bad
caught an elbow to the nose and its probably broken
Didn't need to "expose" him. Everybody knows he's a bad defender
Nothing beats a Celtics game to kick off the weekend with beers.
They should cast him as the bad guy in Spider-Man: Homecoming 2.
He's out for game 
:(
i would drag my dick through a mile of broken glass just to listen to her fart through a walkie talkie
Injuries make Brad do weird things.
Sloppy game, chuckling and weak defense. Mitchell is going past our perimeter defenders too easily.
We just put on our most pathetic display of the 2018 season
Worst part of that they started 10 of 15 or so
just trying to throw out those spicy ass takes. this game is trash.
It does make me sad but he's 83 and been a part of this organization for 60+ years.
I wanted him badly. 
National anthem, introductions etc.  7 o'clock games usually tip 710
Rubio scoring 22 points on 10/11 shooting is just fucking absurd. Not too worried about this L.
Difference between a team that's on tired legs vs. one that isn't
He’s playing the three. By every measure he’s terrible at that. Horrible lineup from Brad
Tatum usually wears custom Kyries
Your stupid fake takes aren't funny 
The defense has been regressing in the past few weeks at a higher rate than the offense is progressing. Our guards have been sneaky awful on D lately
And then we can't grab a fucking defensive board because our highest guy is a shooting guard.
The rest of December will be brutal. We may hover around .500. The amount of games we’ve had to play is ridiculous. We’ll be a *much* better team come January.
no easy buckets
Disagree, calls went both ways and the refs weren't even that bad. This was a bad loss, exacerbated by some dumb decisions, Kyrie's poor D, and the fact that Mitchell is very good
Its a shit schedule so they can play in london, fuck london who cares about games in london
Chi city beating everyone lately 
I know that you're active, doesn't mean you don't troll game threads.  Look at your downvotes, it's not just me.
Grayson could be a poor mans Danny Ainge 
FUCK GRAYSON ALLEN
Fuck grayson allen
Mo bamba is way too raw. He can't dribble sometimes without having the ball stripped. Offense is lacking. 

I prefer Wendell Carter. Ayton is a project on defense as bamba is a project on offense. Bagley is a project both ways. Any of these guys would help off the bench, but if we want someone who will help immediately it will be Wendell Carter followed by ayton, Bagley, and Jaren Jackson jr but I prefer carter.
He's a dirty tripper but his compete level and leadership would would rival Smarts. 
Hard no.  Temper tantrums are not a type of feistiness.
Ill take Grayson Allen if that means we end up Champs this year
Wrong thread nephew.
you mean Kansas 
Oh i know. I hate duke and want tatum and kyrie to do well now 
Does this mean my comments are going to be deleted faster?
I'll always remember game 3 vs the Hawks...man. The dunk to start the game was just one of craziest things I've seen...Still gets me pumped today!
In conclusion Boston is not that bad.
u/fongos what game thread you going to be in tonight?  I need to follow your commentary for this game.
Better than those awful sleeved ones, but still trash. Grey is just a bad color for a sports team. Outside of baseball of course.
His poor shooting may help us hold onto him for less. 
Lately yes. A lot of times they end up on the floor together
Rondo did not win us that championship
No love for Vereen? 
Denver is trying to make the playoffs so Barton might be very hard to jar away for them.

With Belenelli, we might pay them the least amount of assests to acquire him.
I used to be a Nader defender but he doesnt quite grasp the defensive rotations. I think hes a decent man to man defender but a terrible team defender.

Hes a rookie so ill give him some leeway but come on man...
Shows you how bad the D-league is
I hate that I always miss when these games are on. I wouldn't mind watching if I have nothing else going on. Just saw Twitch is gonna be streaming games, so that's cool.
nope he sucks
Unfortunately the Red Claws won't start streaming until February, but they will be on Twitch for 5 games.
Yes, they pulled out a close 110-107 victory. Tight game up in Portland.
Fucking facists
It felt weird because some of the guys treated me like a national security threat. 


Oh thank fuck he did. 
Has Giannis single handedly won a game 7 for his team?
Or maybe not everyone reads every single post on here like you do, and should probably be allowed to celebrate without unnecessary criticism?  Asking for a  friend.
> unnecessary criticism

If necessaryness is the criteria here then Reddit has a lot of explaining to do
You talk like this is the draft. That argument is outdated. GMs would no longer take that analysis seriously.
I mean in terms of athleticism
Hey guys, it's me, KyrieASMR.

Hard to be lulled into a trance when he keeps me so woke
We’re all guilty of it 
It must be weird having someone record you walk
Oh, sorry
Wtf is brad wearing ahah
Noooo, not the gray jerseys those are the worst. Lets just stick to classic white and green
Back with the ugly greys
Wow the Blazers' are so sick
So they made our jersey gray? That's not great
damn those Celtics abomination jerseys are back :(
Not the worst but certainly not the best. Dallas' jersey looks horrible
The wizards is dope. Ours is lame. Should have done grey and gold at least... 
Memphis' and Utah's are SLICK AF 
The lakers have snake skin for mamba? That's kinda dope.   At least we don't have flannel!
- City Edition jerseys

- Boston

- Just a series of gray grids

Grids, seriously? Is there anything LESS Boston than a series of neat grids?
Ours is bland but at least it’s not the Mavs
It's not as bad as Cleveland's The Land jersey. That would be embarrassing to wear.
I'm convinced if they polled the fanbase, 90% would not be in favor of gray uniforms (or sleeves for that matter, at least that shits gone)
seriously. just in general the grey/black alternate jersey for a team that doesn't even use those colors is just so stupid, boring, and overused. You see it for every college team and its just dumb
The respect that these players have for Brad is crazy. 
Felger and Mazz are literally talking about what a stupid play that was right now.
These idiots are talking shit right now about how dumb Jaylen is for taking that shot and how he must have got yelled at by an assistant coach. 
I'm suspicious given how hard the assistant coaches were laughing.
But, dad, i made the shot. Did i fail?
That casual shoulder shrug as he goes back to the bench makes it. 
JJ knocks down some crazy shots for Dallas sometimes.  
Say something larbird you miserable fuck.
Fuck yeah
I got a hard on for Guerschon
It's gonna be like the mini heart-attack I have every time Gronk gets hit hard and/or lands awkwardly.
Slow mo of Jaylen's dunk = ectoplasm everywhere.
This game has been, and will always be, about buckets
Eddie House came very close to doing this in the 2009 playoffs in Game 7 vs the Bulls. Went 5-5 including 4-4 from 3 plus 2-2 from the line. But he had 1 turnover :(
Thought it was Aladdin Shane - a play on Aladdin Sane, a Bowie album which itself is a play on A Lad Insane. Either way funny shit.
This game has always been and will always be about buckets.
So you're not accounting for the actual minutes they play together. That's fairly simplistic.
Can't see anything wrong with it!
there's not many out there. here are two that come to mind
https://www.flightclub.com/air-jordan-1-retro-high-og-clover-metallic-gold-white-blk-011712

https://www.flightclub.com/air-jordan-1-high-retro-white-black-varsity-green-011063?nosto=productpage-nosto-1
The Ray Allen 13s are the way to go but expensive. 
Have to wait 3 months before trading someone you sign, which would take us past the trade deadline
Tough crowd 
These Player Edition shoes are impossible to get. The Shamrock shoes released in NYC and the Footlocker Washington st Downtown. The line started around 4am on Washington st, they gave out bracelets and only gave out 30 pairs to ppl without bracelets.
He’s improved a lot since the start of the season. He got off to a slow start but he’s been absolutely terrific both in efficiency and volume scoring lately.
How about Kendrick "My mean screens will F you up" Perkins?
The losses were against Miami, Detroit, Spurs, and Bulls.

Only vs the Spurs did he score over 30.  So if you're implying we're losing lately because he's killing the offense then you're wrong.
Faces of the game 12-13-17: https://imgur.com/a/cfoZc

fellas the girls at this game were unreal.

edit: and antoine's face is somehow fatter than shaq's face.
Celtics are undefeated since I took my dad
To the game and he spent 2 1/2 hours complaining about Baynes’ defense. 
The wokeness of Kyrie has increased our meme potential by 400%

Shits crazy
Number 7 is fucking gold.
I keep thinking I'll get sick of this meme eventually, but I die laughing every goddamn time...
I will try. It has been annoying to edit lately, some of the RAM died in my rig, I know I used to pump them out after every game which I will definitely do in the playoffs this year
They didn't just hit 3s, they also shot 57% on 2s. We played bad defence.
You're overreacting to one game
He ain't wrong 
All Tommy was saying was Jaylen made the wrong decision in that instance, which he 100% did.

The momentum was *not* with the Celtics at that point in the game. A three early in the shot clock was not needed. I’ll also take Jaylen Brown driving baseline on Mason fucking Plumlee 10/10 times.
Dude forget Shaq I was at the game and was convinced it was Vince Wilfork when they showed him on the jumbotron. 
That's what happens when you stop launching 10 bricks per game
Ball. Game.
He wasn't mad that Jaylen *made* the shot you simpleton.
Do you mean the Nuggets? 
Uncontested threes are the worst shot in basketball, can't believe these idiots don't know that!
Wow if i would see him on the street wouldnt even know thats walker, hes crazy heavy now
Dropping popcorn all over the fucking court
[Celtics twitter thinking they slick by stealing MY nickname for him without anyone noticing](https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7i3nwz/comment/dqvx0qw?st=JB5Y8KPW&sh=7ac62c9a)???????????????
As a non-bruins fan I've always hated their ownership of the garden. Bruins are a 2-bit franchise compared to the Celtics and I gotta sit in the ugly ass yellow and grey seats every time I watch the superior Boston team play. Fucked up imo
Imma let you finish but Fuck the Lakers
I hate to be that guy, but the refs are objectively bad tonight.
Murray is so fucking annoying. Can't wait to get this game over with.
This halftime game is like watching the '17 Finals.
Cheapest game of the year so far! Braving the cold to see our boys [in festive style](https://i.imgur.com/QCwZsb0.jpg)! 
my goodness kyrie makes the game so much easier for his teammates, referring to offensive woes from the Chicago game
Brutal foul by Ibousele 😂
Kinda annoyed they went to highlights during Heroes Among Us. Tbh it’s one of my favourite in-arena things to see. 
These blue team players are legit wtf.. Cant miss from NBA three
Tommy Heinsohn ft. DJ Khaled - Oh That's Ridiculous (REMIX)
what shoe is kyrie wearing? those are nasty
Holy fuck Jaylen
oh my NASTY jaylen
Larkin is shifty as fuck
Fuck your three courtesy of Kyrie
Can we blow out someone for a change? Sick of these close games
"I should use the clock here.... fuck it."
Why are y'all talking about saying we can't defend the 3? They've been heaving up contested shots all game and making them, who cares
The Celtics players intro music is so fucking hype
it's going to be another game where it's just splash city for the other team
Every damn team comes out with crazy shooting percentages against us. 100% wtf 
That was fucking dirty
Weak ass call. Where's the call for Tatum?!
My country man Baynes having himself a GAME 🇦🇺💪🍆
I will *never* get tired of tommy talking about baynes’ dick
Kyrie is DISGUSTING
Had my worst game last game?

Lemme go 5/5 real quick
Fuck off Harris
TERRY'S ABOUT TO GET SCARY
u/fongos, I want Theis highlights for this game
That was such a casual dagger
:( Jayson just got smashed on
Someone please post that poster after the game
An exam tomorrow but I just want to watch this fucking game. I just want to hear tommy commentate. So tired, fuck
Their paint defense is so fucking bad
Such a bad call
Why does Mike keep saying this is Denver's 6th game in 6 nights? That's completely false. 
SCARY
Tatum had his one bad game and now he is here to bounce back !
Bad call. These refs are horrible with the goaltending.
Wtf we can't get a fucking stop
jaylen got blatantly fouled 
Seriously, fuck these refs
The D has come out active!! I like it!!!
Jabari looks so lonely on the bench :( squished up on the table side
Wonder when Brad goes small here. 
GONNA PUT MY LITTLE BODY IN FRONT OF THAT BIG BIG BAD GUY 
4 guys are on fire tonight and semi is bricking shots late in the game sometimes i dont get this team.
Fuck off Murray you annoying prick
Jeez that’s an awkward fall
Holy fuck, I thought we were about to see Bogut 2.0 there with Baynes falling like that.
Fucking Murray
Don't do my bro like that Trey :(
Why the fuck does every team not miss against us
Aron Olynyk with the fake handoff 
This game is explosive 
Are you fucking kidding me 
Who the fuck is Lyles
Trey Lyles is rude tonight to us, isn't he?
omg Tommy, Melbourne, you fucking dog
Weak foul call
what did tommy say? I'm kinda drunk and cant concentrate
Kyrie is just a fucking otherworldly offensive talent. So jacked we have this guy.
Christ, are we watching the halftime game again? 
Why the fuck are we not playing defense?
I'm sick of Murray
Blatant foul.... NO CALL. Breathe on the Nuggets..... FOUL
Our defense is horrible. Take Semi out.
FUCK WHERES THE ENERGY
Our defense is bad and we should feel bad
Awful rebounding tonight.
Theis gets one absolutely brutal foul a game and afterwards just shrugs lmao
Faried don't want no part of Scary Terry
Shut up Faried you're past your prime
Wtf Semi
Semi what the fuck...
What does 3/23 mean?
I don't get why people say Jae Crowder's been a disappointment so far this season. He's been killing us on the glass this game.
This game shouldn't be this close, we're allowing a lot of dumb shit
Rip Jayson. Already having a tough week, and then gets another man's nuts on his head. 
Last years game against Denver was probably my least favorite of the year except for that Suns game. Remember Mudiay hit like 5 threes in the first quarter or some shit? Awful game. Luckily we just had our one awful game and we will bounce back
Every game is like this now. I'm starting to hate that 1 seed
So maybe the trey lyles trade for mitchell wasnt that bad
Did Tommy just call out Abby and say he'd like her to put the mic down and see her dribble? Or did I hear that wrong? Cause I would like to see that as well.
Teams are making Kyrie to work hard on defense and it's working
both teams playing that all star game defense this quarter
Defense is horrible.
wtf Semi...
Hate to say it again but offensive rebounds are going to be the death of this team.  6 offensive rebounds for the nuggets in the first quarter
Is this gonna be another refball game?
Dude. These bs offensive calls. That's worse than Kyries.
I wanted another oop :(
I hate 3 guard lineups but just like last year we see the results! Smallballlllllll
Horrible finish to this quarter.
Will someone play some defense on this game?
Holy fuck we look bad on defense
Don’t mess with kyrie Murray!!!
This game shouldnt be this close
Tatum is SO FUCKING SMOOOOOOOTTHHHHH
Fuck that three broke my heart 
that was insane. We've got this game but Harris is having an incredible game
That shit looked weird as hell
Zero perimeter defense this game. Brad do something in practice please.
FUCKING MISS ONE
Who the hell wears a suit to a basketball game when they arent coaching
Who the fuck said Semi can shoot 3s?
Terrible defense.
Goddamn we are awful on defense tonight
Our defense is bad. Especially on the pick and roll.
Terrible pass Jaylen jesus.
He's shooting 29 percent he's pretty bad. 
Yep, he's been cursed since the Spurs game.  All lipping out
FUCK THE LAKERS

Not really fair to compare LeBron to the GOAT like that
Honestly a few deep rotation guys have been just as bad lately
It always looks like Scal just told a dirty joke and brad is trying to keep his composure
Pace of game 🤷🏼‍♂️ at least we have the edge rn
Why would we want him he sucks. He can rebound that's it. 
He sucks
Nothing on mobile :(
These aren’t working on mobile again :(
I'm telling y'all I watched him ball out at Miami, he's got some serious IT4 style scrap to him 
Fuck fake friends I don't take losses I just make M's
I was too lazy to look it up, but that confused the shit outta me
Mine is behind
:( put him in brad
Yeah it's lame tonight.
Why not both...

We need to spread our lineup to have scorers throughout the game.
But no more Theismann's
The quality of the shots we get with Kyrie on the floor as opposed to off is insane, same with Al. 
hope your having a blast at the game!
Semi goaltending was 100% wrong, replay showed no rim contact.

Tatum was fouled no layup. Semi didn't make contact next possession but called. Kyrie had feet set. Not fair imo.
Tommy is a fucking legend bruh what are you on
You are the literal worst. 
because you are fucking annoying
JOKIC IS IN!!!! GAME ON!
Never expanded his game
What do you mean? You can't see anything in the comment or the links aren't working for you? 
What does this mean? 
He seems to rush it when i have seen him shoot not sure if thats the issue tho just looks like it
I'm sorry, what are you talking about?
And I thought I was clever. :-(
Change your clothes at the office? I mean there's lots of solutions to this
Yeah, I mean, why am I getting downvoted for cheering our players...
No Celtics + Mamba anything. Fuck Kobe 
The first half of this season has been brutal. 
Our schedule is weird because we get a break before and after the London trip. 
Lue is a bad coach just like thibs. let's look at former bulls players deng washed drose washed Noah washed. Taj and korver are the only people who aren't washed yet they were both bench guys.
So? 48/53 minutes is a crazy proportion. Especially for a regular season game.
He averages 35 a game. What’s the problem sir. I really don’t get why y’all are being silly. 
Ya i mean usually people ask permission like that when it’s a random person posting a photo. It’s honestly weird/ stupid as hell for whoever asked the official nbcsboston account that. They’re literally asking a billion dollar corporation to steal their content and repost it in the same format to steal some of the revenue. 
For the people who have legit medical knowledge (u/Fesjohn perhaps?), what does it means when he says that it depends on how his foot reacts? is there a chance something bad happens if he's out of the boot?
“It’s about to be crazy, G”
We're not beating the Cavs in a 7 game series without Gordon.  If there's a slight chance of contending and Gordon has worked his ass off to be prepared, you don't deny him his efforts.
You think we’d take the cavs rn in a seven game series?
Are you serious... I just... explained it to you a moment ago...
I mean, if I was 6'5 and coordinated as fuck at 14 I'd like to think I could have had a go at the NBA too. 
He was wrong.  He was not in the NBA at age 14.
I was just like, "oh no, I'm going out next Wednesday I'll miss it."

But then I was like, "wait... I'm a fucking idiot. I'm going to the game!"


TL;DR

I'm dumb
Duh dude. Hump day is reserved for Jaylen. 
Warlandoboom got tickets to the game, how'd he get tickets???
.... but the game was sold out?
Honestly it's been impossible to buy anything Celtics here in Australia :( I've tried the NBA shop, fanatics, the Boston online store. If anyone has any info on where I could get a Tatum/Kyrie/Brown jersey I'd be grateful. 
Only in a small :(
Fuck me, that's lit. 
PAOK in Thessaloniki gets reaaaal rowdy as well. Lived there for a bit and went to a soccer game. Saw a couple dudes get the shit kicked out of them. I think it was against AEK or something, one of their bigger rivals
I HATE when crowds cheer when the jumbotron tells them to, and as soon as it stops telling them to be loud...they go quiet.

This happens at baseball games all the time. It's sad. 
You can tell yourself anything you want buddy. I’d hate to ruin the season for you but it’s true. The Cavs are playing the Warriors at the end of the season. 
No he seriously wasn’t that bad. If he was a revolving door, do you think Cleveland has any chance at all beating Golden State in a 7 game series?
Not sure if my link posted: https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/7jdq1n/oc_every_teams_best_lineup_so_far_in_the_1718/?st=JB4HVD1E&sh=25e7fec1

Nah we need CARMELO, he's instant offense and remember what he did in Syracuse? There's zero chance it goes wrong.
So annoying should have rested Al yesterday 
Going to the game tomorrow. :( given the result of yesterday’s game, I really wish we had just rested Al then. 
Fuck. Jokic is gonna go off
Trey Lyles is gonna fucking beast and feast 
League fucked.
I wouldn't even be mad if we wait til next season to play him. That shit needs time so I'd rather let the pros decide.
> I'd rather let the pros decide.

fuck that, i say WE decide
Fuck the Globe
Globe is particularly frustrating with paywalls. Not only do they limit the amount of articles you can read (crazy low, like 2 a month), but they also don't let you browse the website in incognito mode. Clearing your cache is the only way "around" it. Which ultimately leads to situations like this where someone copies and pastes the article, and the Globe misses out on advertising revenue as well.

I mean, I understand why they do it... they want people to buy subscriptions. But (at least in my case) I already have subscriptions to the NY Times and Washington Post. I'm not paying the Globe also for the handful of articles I want to read every month.
One bad game and people are shitting themselves. Give me a break.
What were his stats per 36?  Kyrie's averages are skewed by the Charlotte game
I'm having trouble understanding what you mean with the shooting percentage thing. When you get fouled your shot doesn't count as a FG attempt unless you make the shot so it's not like that affects his FG% negatively. Quite the contrary actually unless I'm misunderstanding your statement.
They seem to play up to their competition (or their competition plays down to their level), but they’re always in the game through to the end. Hopefully they get a beating though. 
The difference between them being 7th worst or worse is only 2-4 games.
If my spelling/grammar/word choice is bad, I apologize. Hopefully you get my point though.
Basically whoever made the trade was betting on the Clippers not being terrible, and they also negotiated something to help the clippers if they were doing a rebuild. 


We can't get a low pick from the Lakers. The worst we can get is #5 (or nothing).
Randle is a fucking doofus! I live in deep deep Laker territory and he’s hated by even the most incompetent fans. Not saying PBS couldn’t fix him but goddamn does he do some stupid shit in games on both ends of the floor.
clarkson is like a poor man's lou williams
sorry for confusion, by low pick, I meant 2-5. 
I don't think they're going to be selling at the deadline. Tanking does nothing for them this year, and they can't buy bad contracts or anything. So I see them staying put. 
Just saw somewhere that he is questionable. Sigh
It does matter cause we just got destroyed by one of the league's worst teams. 
God that was one of the gayest posts I’ve ever read on this smh. Watching the Celtics play without Kyrie is literally disgusting on offense
I understand trap games and tough stretches but last night we got a picture of life without Kyrie and it was ugly.
Probably our worst game of the season so far 
This game never happened.
I'm just sad we gave Bobby Portis his career-high in points
Ye, unfortunately it took a beating from the worst team in the NBA to realize that our bench is utter trash, i already could tell that in our wins.
I did the same. We fucked up.
Portis has always been a bad matchup for us tbh
At least those were close games against good teams. We got blown out by the worst team in the league.
Gotcha, wasn't thinking that. That's probably true then. I'm guessing a lot of people want to put us in the Rockets, Warriors tier. Getting smoked by the worst team in the league will make you question that. 
Well, I did woke up at 6 AM just to watch the game before going to classes... But it seems Celtics might have an off night and I, on the other hand, just cannot!
I think it was fatigue for Horford. He came off two very hard match ups against LaMarcus Aldridge and a combo of Drummond/Tobias Harris so I think having a bad game isn't all on him.
Yeah we aren't trading for pg13 he's a rental. He is shooting terribly 41 percent. 
what the FUCK
That was such an ugly game I don't want to post the box score 
This was our WORST game by far this season. Really missed kyries ability to drive and create and just his fucking scoring man. Jesus Christ that was hard to watch 
I hate the London Game.
So when’s the Celtics game?? Can’t wait to see the JayGOATs go off against a tanking Bulls team!
lets pretend this game never happened and destroy the nuggets like they're chicken
:( we will bounce back
**REMINDER** We played without 2 of our all-stars, without a reliable scorer off the bench, and without Jaylen browns eyesight. Also this was a 2 road game back-to-back. 

Should we have lost? No
But these games will help us learn that we need to sharpen our efficiency from bench players. 
Jaylen is so woke he played the game blind
This was pretty painful to watch. The Bulls ate us up 😤
Every game i miss we lose😧
Can we skip this post game thread?
We purposely lost the game to help advance the bulls ahead of the lakers in the standings. Brad at his finest. 
This is what's gonna happen in the playoffs, Kyrie will get shut down and Celtics will be terrible on offense, their already horrible on offense w Kyrie and tonight was a example w out him. I can't see them winning a 7 game series against Cavs, Bucks, Wizards, Pacers, Pistons, Raptors. Their exiting first round 
“Should I watch pats or Celtics”

“Both are terrible options”

Now you all see why 
he went 1-7 though, not exactly a good shooting night
Yeah not a good Boston sports night :(
 I didn't watch, how bad was the offense without Kyrie? 
Yeah that was his first truly bad showing. 
It’s been pretty much every game this season. There’s been maybe 2 or 3 games where the bench has produced, every other game they look below average or awful on the offensive end. 
It's the fucking BULLS for christ's sake.
It felt like we couldn't hit a single fucking shot, and kept passing the ball to the wrong team.
They're actually on in the afternoon, fool. You're obviously a fake Felger and Mazz fan. Typical Green-teamer. 
/s
One game in an 82 game series. Maybe our bench could have won this game 7 times out of 10, this is one of the bad ones.
Not saying we shouldn't use the DPE, but I also don't see this game as a 100% reason to use it.
GSW has had several ugly losses to the Lakers this season. 82 games is a lot. I'm not happy with this loss, but it isn't the end of the world either.
say no more fam
Exactly. The bench has been awful scoring beyond this game
GSW didn't get blown out by the lakers. And the lakers are nowhere near as bad as the bulls.
He's just in the wrong sport. 
he's bad at everything except for the occasional spot up 3 pointer

he'll get waived in a year or two probably
He always looks scared out there to me. Looks afraid to make a mistake, and in turn his timidness is causing a shitload of mistakes. Also, he runs weird.
He's horrible.
Did you mean to write shag?!?
this game was supposed to be a showdown between Theis and Markkanen... it is just a shitty game 
I am scared ^and^jealous^of for our Celtics team facing angry Brad in the lockeroom
You know it's a rough game when MAHCUS SMAHT is our leading scorer.
People under estimate bad NBA teams. Like yeah their record sucks but they're all professional NBA players. Who would school any one of you on the court. And they're playing with extra motivation tonight to beat us because we're the #1 seed. 
Good teams have awful games. All this game shows is that we need Kyrie on the floor.
Alright maybe we should go watch the pats game
Our boys can fucking ball
Holy shit I just looked at the box score and it was God damn terrifying
22-2 RUN TO THE FUCKING BULLS HOLY SHIT
No matter what the positives are, we got blown out by the fucking Bulls 
I fucking pray Kyrie is just resting. If he misses another game I’m going to commit seppuku.
At least we got our worst game of the year out of our system
JAYSON TATUM AIN'T SETTLING FOR A TOUGH JUMPER
FUCK ALL YOU JAYLEN HATERS
Does Brad hate Tatum? 
WTF are the Pats doing too
Ref watches the shot....it misses THEN calls a foul. Go fuck yourself.
Nader fucking -13 in 4 minutes. No idea why he gets any minutes over Jabari bird or anyone 
Should have rested Al too wtf
Long game ahead of us boys 
This may be the worst offensive team of all time 
Tatum needs to go for 40 this game.
Wtf all these promo girls are babes. No offense to the blonde chick we have at the Garden
Nader looks fucking clueless as fuck
At least this helps Kyrie's case for MVP...?

RUN. SOME. FUCKING. PLAYS. FOR. TATUM. for fucks sake
HUUUUUUGE fucking swing there

miss two FTs, they get a layup
Cannot bring myself to watch the end of this game.

Horrible, horrible, most horrible.
WHAT IS BRAD DOING WITH THESE FUCKING LINEUPS.
idc what anyone says but Kyrie Irving is a viable MVP candidate after this game

I just hope we aren't like the Cavs where half the players are in the locker room before the game is over in a blowout loss
I've been watching the Pats. What the fuck happened?
is it bad if I put a Celtics-Bulls December game with no Kyrie on my #1 TV rather than MNF Pats-Phins?
We look bad on both sides of the court ugh
This game reminds me a lot of the Pacers vs. Bulls game. Bulls compete hard, but they will wear out and the Celtics will take over. 
WHAT THE FUCK AM I WATCHING 
Flashbacks of playoffs game 1 all over again
This is fucking humiliating.
we have no offense tonight.. gg. hopefully we learn to run O without Irving and losing to the bulls wakes us the fuck up
ugh... sums up the game
Wtf is this Dunkin Donuts thing, I'm so angry this shit is pissing me off.
These fucking trash ass bulls can't miss wtf
Goodbye #1 defensive rating :(
This has been an unpleasant patriots halftime time kill 
Have been watching the Pats game all night only to find out the Cs game is somehow even worse. This is embarassing.
I wish I could at least say the Patriots are playing well.
What else is there to say. Awful offensive display, Tatum missed all but one of his shots. Brown, Horford, and Rozier were all 5-12, and the turnovers killed them. 
Abdel Nader has a net rating of -26 this season and Brad **still fucking plays him**
Man these United Center cameras have some weird contrast

Seems quieter than usual in this game thread too.. Monday blues? :(
Valentine ugly as shit
Tatum attacking closeouts sooo well lately 
Baynes goes out and our defense gets a lot worse...
What the fuck? Nwaba just runs over Larkin and it's a blocking foul. Holiday flops on Baynes who didn't even move an inch and it's a offensive foul.

Fuck the refs.
Brad's a tough man to please
Terry is reckless.  Needs to slow down a bit. 
this is BAD
Why the fuck do we have Nader and Larkin on the floor together
Where the fuck is tatum
I called it before the game started...offense was going to come a grinding halt at least once, to the point that we go multiple minutes without a bucket 
22-2 run against the bulls fuck me
My god that 22-2 run gave me Flashbacks to 2017 Eastern Conference Finals game 1 and 2
5 points in the 2nd quarter. Pathetic
Larkin with a -15 in 8 min - he's fucking awful
Smart terrible turnovers
I can't accept losing to the Bulls :(
LET'S MAKE IT A SINGLE DIGIT GAME CMON!!!!!!!!!!
All streams are dead :( its like the FCC already won.
Jaylen's having a nice bounce back game after a bad stretch too bad everyone else is off tonight.
this is probably tatums worst game so far as a pro 
marcus ever heard of a pump fake?
when we all thought this was gon' be Jayson's night :(
I hate the hump of 13-15 points.. Let's get past this threshold.
I hate Portis so much.
Holy shit, that last sequence is the story of this game
WHAT THE FUCK TERRY TRYNA DUNK OVER BIGS
Nothing is really breaking our way tonight. Like idk if we have even gone on a 6-0 run at any point. Missed open shots, bulls making everything. It doesn't excuse our bad defense and lack of motion on offense, but everything seems to be worst case scenario for us right now
I'M SO ANGRY I COULD EAT A HUMAN BEING
Oh boy we're back to 2015 status where we give random players career highs.
We got disrespected. I want to fuck this team up in Boston. Mark that shit on your calendars. 
Celtics getting embarassed without Kyrie, Pats offense looking sick without receivers
We’ve looked like ass tonight without Kyrie against the fucking Bulls fuuuuuckkkk
And now wtf are the Pats doin
Celtics are gonna go on some crazy run in the 4th quarter and we’re all gonna give each other the gold 
Larkin is bad, but he hustles like a motherfucker 
I don't want your excuses. A team like the Celtics beat this Bulls team every time regardless of the lineups and who is/isn't playing. Easily their worst game so far this year.
I think Nader might be the worst player in the league
I want to overreact so bad but we've only lost 3 times since the second day of the season.
For some reason, this hurts less than the Spurs game
Sure, the game was terrible, but have you seen this thread?! Stop. Over. Reacting! It's one game, away, without 2 typical starters (and Gordon), ffs. Chill tf out.

wtf Mike said "here's Abby.".....Disappointed.
How am I expected to flip between this *and* the Pats game thread?
it's insane how fast the bulls went from up 2-0 on us to the most depressing franchise in the league.
Wonder if Jaylen put contacts in or if he's just gonna play with bad vision tonight.
So Kyrie’s out and its our defense that suffers? 
Why the fuck are we wasting possessions?
Bobby Portis has crazy eyes
This is fucking embarrassing
Dare I say.... **TRAP GAME**
Worst team in basketball is gonna hold us under 40 for a half.
I tuned in to the Patriots game, what the fuck happened this past quarter?
What the fuck
Worst half of the year hahah, what a joke.
I’m not sure I have seen this bike guy before. I kinda dig it. 
we are allowing walk in threes like every possession wtf
Watching this game makes me want to give Kyrie his MVP before the game even ends
This is the worst game I've seen the Celtics play in about 3 years 
So without Kyrie, we're worse than a 5-25 team?  We can't even let them tank correctly.
This is unbelievable bad. 
No effort. 
We can't score. We can't grab rebound. Nobody focuses on this game.
What the fuck is the Junior Varsity shit going on here?


Is this more of a bad look on a Kyrie-less offense or are we just cold? Turning in from the pats game rn trying to catch up
Our guards lose the handle at the end of quarters all the time :(
I've never seen us not even try on defense before tonight, this is so frustrating
What the fuck Rozier.. that legit made my jaw drop
GET MONTA FUCKING ELLIS DANNY
Yup they're making everything. Shit teams seem to do this against us. Disappointing. 
What the fuck is this bullshit???
Ik were missing kyrie but wtf 
Dude, there’s a fucking magnet or some shit in the ball.  Bulls shooting like 89% it feels like.  What the fuck!!!
This combined with the Pats game is making me lose my mind
FUCK. This is so disheartening for players like Yabu
Aaand I'm tuning out after that Theis foul, fucking weak
So who do we get with DPE. we could use some help. Kyrie off the floor and no Morris is bad. Grabbing another scorer is needed. 
At the start everyone says who cares it's a throwaway game, but now everyone's freaking out 
Eeks ugly start for the Pats too...
Oh look Nader is doing nothing. He's so fucking horrific. 
not the time to have a bad game, JT
Just an awful game until now, I hope Danny uses that DPE as soon as possibile, our bench offense is abysmal. In my opinion there's no excuse to lose against this Bulls team, which I believe is easily the worst team in the NBA.

EDIT: also I don't want to see Nader on the court ever again
This is just so shitty. Fuck everything about this. We are supremely fucked if Kyrie ever misses extended time.
We have a bad shooting night without kyrie and like usual the whole sub Reddit thinks the world is ending 
Fuck it, glasses off
wtf has tatum been doing this game looking lost
So Jaylen is blind and Jayson is picking now to have a shaky shooting night
OH MY GOD PLEASE FUCKING FINISHT HAT HOLY SHIT
WE ARE GETTING 20 BALLED BY THE FUCKING BULLS
Its gonna be an ugly game. Im going with 50% celts 50% pats tonight
Why do the Lopez brothers always shit on us.. NOT TONIGHT!!!
Poor movement and awful shooting, this is going to be fun.. 
oh shit brad just got dad mad at tatum
Well that was a pretty fucking awful call if I've seen one
Fuck that candy challenge belongs to the Aliens franchise
Once Mirotic starts missing, the Bulls are fucked
Is abbys mic fucked up for anyone else?
Wake the fuck up boys!
Portis is annoying af
Literally just throwing it away EVERY FUCKING TIME. 
Csss look awful
Yo the defense is terrible. They don't care rn
Mirotic is fucking prime Gasol against these scrubs rn.
This is fucking stupid.
Watching pats now.  What's happening :(
No mask, no goggles, no win.
The fact that we put up 2 points in that stretch vs this asstastic team is pathetic. I have no words. They're beyond terrible tonight. 
Awful first quarter. Let's hope we've hit are lowest in the this half for this game.

TAKE THE BALL TO THE PAINT JAYSSSS

LETS GOO!
Pathetic, absolutely pathetic on offense right now 
game
Horford is shooting short every fucking time it’s so frustrating 
Not a good game for Tatum
This is fucking depressing
wtf is this defense this is pathetic
SCARY T FOR THREE
Oh man... Scary T...
If we allow another uncontested three I am going to lose my fucking mind
Fuck this fucking garbage ass excuse of a game
What a horrible performance
For fuck sakes all these wide open 3s!!!  WTF is going on...
This is pathetic 
holy fuck our bench is atrocious. It’s time to use the DPE our team is getting thinner and thinner 
this game is hard to look at ....

Brad Stevens accepted the loss when he took all his starters out. No point of being frustrated now. 
Nader duh goat

This game is so sad. Blind Jaylen and off rhythm Jayson are painful to watch
It's highly annoying when our defense can't stop one of the worst teams in the league. 
We look comically bad out there
When we lose the one seed by a game they’ll be sorry for this bullshit effort.
Celtics should feel ashamed with the effort they've put into this game
All Celtics don't focus on this game. No effort.
Kyrie is the MVP holy fuck
Jesus ... Tatum looks terrible tonight 
Get a fucking stop you sobs
I'm at a loss of words watching how terrible the celtics are playing right now
Yabusele is essentially a poor man's Anthony Bennett.
Can we at least all agree now that Tatum isn't some offensive superstar and Brad might know what he's doing?
Pats mods need to get their fucking game thread up
This is kinda a throw away game.
I hate how a team can literally kick the ball around like that and not be called for delay of game. 
This is absolutely pathetic and embarrassing 
Tatum missed his first 3 ever :(
I turned it off. Fucking Espn gonna lower our power rankings now.
Can Brad just get angry and tell Smart, Rozier, Nader, and Larkin to get their heads out of their asses and move the fucking ball?
Who's worse, Nader or the Dancing Fatso?
God, I hate to say it, but I feel like our young talent are frauds. I wish we had a Ben Simmons or something man :(
And unlike the guys way into our bench they’ve at least had reps this season. 
Sorry man, but save the non hot takes for the post game thread. 
There were always dudes I hated some of the time, but not all of the time...
Hey just wanted to say the past bunch of games these links didn’t show on my phone but looks like whatever you’re doing today works!!
Feel like he could have played, but Brad and the coaches angered the bball gods by disrespecting the Bulls and sat him anyways expecting them to roll over.
Sigh unfortunately that was such a Rozier kinda thing to do
It’s usually Mike that throws to Kyle though 
Fucking Danny, use that DPE already and bring in Ellis!
On one hand, I get keeping minutes down at the start of a brutal stretch. On the other, give me Gerald Green in that role any day of the week
I will always believe in Smart but I do think he is a bad shooter
I'm using the Chicago home feed. :/
Shit is so depressing man
I feel the same. This loss can be attributed to a bunch of things like missing players and a rod trip back-to-back, while the spurs game was dumb plays in the last possessions of a close game. 
Need the dual monitors for streaming and the game thread!
3 of them is on Jaylen.

My hopes for Jaylen being an All Star is slowly fading. He plays so sloppy. 
We fucking suck rn. 
Just the result of a back-to-back I think. They just look exhausted.
That interception :(
I'd argue it's exactly the time to have a bad game
idk theres been some garbage halves this season.  giving up 56 to the bulls is the worst part.
Sorry man
Probably they do have a similar game. Larkin is just a very poor mans IT
Nobody wants to drive to the paint. Everybody settling for jumpers.

Everyone's probably tired from the Detroit game.
That was a bad dunk attempt.  Tried to just sky over some defenders because offensively he's been frustrated with his shitty offense.
Baby Hoiberg is probably still mad about round 1 last year
Its just a game, mate.
and a foul :(
We got hammered the game after Hayward, now we kyrie is out a game and we wonder why we lost. This isn’t our playoff team. 
FIRE THEM ALL! OUR SEASON IS OVER! WE HAVE NO CHEMISTRY! TATUM AND BROWN ARE HUMAN WTF?? NADER SUCKS?? DUH FECK? WHY IS SO SO AVERAGE!? BRADS JUST WINGING IT! THE WORLD IS ROUND! TANKING TIMMMME
But he needs to shoot 15 3s a game
Cavs lost to the Hawks. Everyone has a bad game. 
They're just tired.
You need to be Freaking The Fuck Out!!!
You came here to say that? Pathetic. 
Who the fuck cares about power rankings?
It’s one game...
Moron.
Holy fuck stop like seriously. 
Never make fake trades while being under the influence of being blown out.
Nah he's always been unimpressive but my God his positioning is just horrible. He looks worse than his usual bad self.
Meanwhile lebrons in his 14th year in the league playing 40+ every other game.... 
my bad guys
Well, shit. It’s a bad look that nobody could step up in Kyrie’s absence and be a scoring presence 
Yeah I think you’re right. Just seeing them this cold against the fucking Bulls is concerning...
FUCK. WOKE.
brad put out one of the worst deep rotations I've seen in a while with a bunch of impact players out.  bulls pick n popped all day and there was 0 adjustments.  definitely got out coached.
oHhH mMmYyY gGoOdDd!!11

we lost A game of BASKETball

in DECEMber
It's one game fam
Bad bot
Fuck off
>That's legit comparing flat apples to broken  oranges...

FTFY


I’m shocked anyone took this seriously 
Bad troll is bad
It's meaningless 
Bulls were trying to make a statement last playoffs that we were a fake one seed and they're trying to play like that again. Hot shooting with shitty defense by us equals bad times.
Nah, we are still 3-0 without kyrie except for this game 
so basically everyone who can is skipping the game tonight
Give us the L you mean
:(
It's the NBA anything can happen in one game
Fuck. His creation abilities are super valuable, despite the bad shots. Jayson is going to need to be aggressive.
RIP to our late 3rd quarter Iso game :,(
FUCK
Not good...

Semi & Jabari Bird, DPE?

You're up.
Isaiah had the worst D-RTG in the league last year and there are still people who question if we won the trade. 
These numbers are a simple statement of how the defense performed while a player was on the court on a per 100 possession basis using nba.com’s calculation for possessions. So when Smart is on the court the Celtics give up 96.7 points per 100 possessions. It is an absurd stat to use to rank players from different teams, but it isn’t making incorrect value judgements it is just measuring what happens.
You can try and account for the factors it always was worse with Bradley.
The fuck serious?
Damn that's disappointing :(
I saw the NBA Store Support twitter account said that to someone asking about them. I’ll see if I can find it. 

edit, here's a recent one: ["We will be receiving Nike Statement Gear for the Celtics in March 2018.
"](https://twitter.com/NBASTORESupport/status/940364419166597126)
Was at the Pats game and followed the Celtics game on my phone 
I forgot the Pats were even on if that answers your ?.

I was a causal NFL fan; but after this kneeling for the anthem bullshit, fuck the NFL. I'll never watch that shit again.
Both terrible options 
Bruh I swear you hate basketball 
>:(
Bird and Allen will probably get time too. I'm psyched for this game
I've been in bed sick all day.  First game I've missed all year.  This one is on me.
That turned out well. Terrible game. 
I feel bad for the guy now who’s girlfriend got him tickets to today’s game to keep the streak alive. 
I mean they probably won't need him anyway.
what? when did he get that contused? on his way to the locker room after the game? 
If I remember, he came up lame after a foul on Drummond in which Drummond stuck out his knee.  
Why are we forced to see the photo of the guy who tweeted this? It's so annoying!
I'll take Scary Terry and the Smokin' Jays for $90 please
Contusions can be pretty bad but it's probably rest 
Bad contusions can calcify and then you've got a bone growing where it shouldn't. Happened to a teammate of mine in college. 
Can't play with a bad Charlie horse man. Shit is rough.
And 4 in 18 days. It's fucking ridiculous.
What the fuck
Dude thats so unrealistic...  
  
  
300 per minute
I wish.  Ticket prices are insane.  I envy anyone who gets that experience.
the very least gonna get all my friends together and cry in the living room over some nachos 
fuck dude, may god be with your bank account
After the game?
Markkanen isn’t playing tonight :(
what the fuck
I'm so sorry Kyrie is sitting out dude. That sucks.....
Bummer that you couldn't go to a pacers vs Celtics game but at least youre going to one. Kyrie pulls off shit that you don't even think is possible when driving to the rim.
So sorry you had to sit through that man
why you so mad?
Was there and they were complete shit. Insulting display to fans that turned out to watch.
Go follow him on Twitter if you want random updates about his personal life.  How is this Celtics related?  What value does it bring to the discussion?

It's a crap post and you know it.  You're just being contrarian by arguing about it.
I didn't get to watch yesterday's game because I was finishing up my senior thesis. Tonight I will watch it and drink 7 beers to honor Doctor Jaylen Brown(I should have him peer review my thesis) 
Yeah it’s weird, there were tons of hardcore users here during the offseason that disappeared when the regular season started. 
I would read the second one though :(
But Stan, why are you so mad?
Try to understand that I do want you as a fan...
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit; I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick - your Pistons lost to the Sixers by 5

> Defensive Highlights

Sorry, but I don't have all day.
not sure why I was down voted, but fuck you bitch who did it. 
> which I assume is why you got downvoted to +5

Wow. This sub is merciless. 
Semi has a worse percentage than Scary Terry.

I want him to keep shooting, I think he will improve, but right now he's a bad 3 pt shooter.
I'm really sad at the prospect of not having Baynes next year
UNDEFEATED IN THE STATEMENT BLACK JERSEYS!!
Going to the game toniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight!
So I won that bingo game on the Celtics app for the last two games. I have 2 codes for 20% off at Celticsstore.com that I probably won't use. PM me if you want a code. Sorry in advance if this is against the rules.
Can we please have some entertainment set during 2nd quarters so we don't have to watch that crap? Please... I fell asleep during it last night. Not even joking
Yeah his model is terrible. Brad looks like an overweight penguin too 
Ball isn't getting negative attention solely because of his family. His atrocious shooting %'s are a large portion of it. He's shooting 32.1% from the field, 24.6% from 3 and 47.1% from the FT line. 

Marcus Smart is having a historically bad season shooting and Ball is currently worse than that... 
Even when Fultz was "hurt" was he even playing that bad besides shooting? It looks like he can get to the rim at will. If his shoulder was the real reason he can't shoot he's going to be unbelievable 
This is absurd. Embiid's ceiling is a generational talent and you wouldn't give up a second round pick for him?
I mean he's a generational talent already. 
Too dangerous. Literally everything in Australia will kill you. Even the Koalas.
who's Scalabrine? 

oh you mean the goat? 
ohyah, they're almost as bad as raccoons. but raccoons are the worst. both cute cuddly little creatures that will attack viciously. then you have to get a month of rabies shots and lay off the raw meat.
Sorry for my ignorance but when are they going to China? I can't seem to find anything about it.


But we were supposed to get Duncan :(
Danny knew exactly what he was doing. This boi is insane.
It's crazy. He plays like he's been in the NBA for far longer than half of a year. Gunna be crazy to see his progression
Not sure if you’re talking about Danny or Tatum!
The Sixers sub is like a toxic wasteland of salt and anger, though. Very similar to the Bills subreddit. Must be overlap. Sad.
Be nice :( we're just desperately trying to make the playoffs...
Always fuck the Lakers
Fuck the Lakers
Are you trying to tell me our putrid rebounding, tiny lineup was WORSE at defense than our long, switchable lineup?

Thats crazy
/r/nba told me they would be worse before the season
He sounds like Immortan Joe from Mad Max.
Never been to Australia but this goes with my view of that country, having opinion based on the Mad Max trilogy. 
I'm just disappointed that he didnt call someone a fkn cunt
Faces of the game 12-10-17: https://imgur.com/a/N5bca
Lets run away with this W and never mention this game again.
Drummond literally had 2 fucking points all the way up till the end of the fourth. 
Jayson Tatum is ICE. COLD. 
#Al Horford, Who art in Boston, Hallowed be Thy Game; 
Avery is a fucking menace. No one ever talks about being a “closer” on defense but fuck me if that isn’t what he does to kyrie every damn time 
God damn early games. Missed it again like the Suns game. Least we won!
I thought the game was at 7:30 fml
i need that fucking gold
Cutest, uh, I mean clutchest guy in the league 
Leading with The Celtics are the balls. You fucking deserve that paying off mate.
What game?
Some fans like hand-wringing and some like having faith. No reason to come in the post game thread and talk shit. Go close your balls in a car door.
What game were you watching? That was All of Australia.
Then I pray for you if we ever get into a close game
Give him time. He just lost a friend, impossible to know how hard that's hit him. 
Hey Ivan, you think the poor are the problem in the world than the elites. Everything you say just makes you a gigantic cunt. I wish your daughter disowns you 
Disgusting! 
You know, the game when Semi was crowned the Eurostep GOAT.
I'm saying. I said it during the game she aight but she ain't no Abby. Plus we don't know about her stance on streaking
easier for Kyrie when he has elite shooters spacing and LeGOAT roaming.  sorry but Avery will be shutting Kyrie down until Ky gets reliable spacers around him
Unfixable according to MarvinBagleylll. All your comments are so bad. That sweet -100 comment karma.. Ever considered not being insufferably negative?
Fucking ruthless
You of course mean the Europe Step GOAT.
Uhh, I think I literally just wrote it's impossible to know how long it will take him. So that's my answer. What's your deal?
This makes me very sad
In a game where confidence and mental strength contributes a lot, the death of someone close to you can entirely effect your game negatively. This is especially bad in the young guys because they're still establishing their mental strength within the league. So I agree with the other guy, we have no idea how hard nor how long this has effected JB 
The boogie needs an update, I mean cmon.

Rewatch it and imagine him jumping into his layup off of that “first” step. It would be a really awkward and rushed layup. The fact that he went slow and switched directions makes it look like a travel
Ya gonna be tough to judge till next season. Raw as is, and hes gonna need to lose some weight which will take a while.
Filthy
       T
       H
W H O L E 
     O
     A
     D


Edit: fuck it, i’ll leave it as is
I think it will. They have a hard schedule coming up.
And the teams that are going to tank haven't started tanking yet...  and without them tanking, as of now, we don't get the pick.  How are the lakers going to lose more than teams that are losing on purpose?

The nets did it because they were just that bad during the non-tanking part of the season.  So when the other teams started to it got close, but the nets stayed the worst.  
The hype train starts slowly......
If by slowly you mean by the power of 1000 suns, then yes, I would have to agree. 
wtf is he saying
revenge game lets get it
Van Gundy seems like a guy who has awful breath, i dunno why
Fuck the Lakers. 

Brown will be an elite two way player in this league. 
To channel 3ITKH this half timeshow is terrible 
Remember when Cavs fans insisted Kyrie was awkward, quiet, and wouldn’t get along with his teammates ?
holy fucking gain with this pistons intro my fucking god
Remember how people in this sub said Horford was trash after one bad game? How does 18/9/6 sound. Gtfo with those 1 game overreactions. 
"fuck reggie jackson" - scal, probably
Tatum already making records, God damn they grow up so quickly ;'(
Fuck fultz we got Tatum
The team, especially Kyrie, should come out mad after letting one slip away against the spurs
Jesus christ, anyone else hearing ear rape? wtf
TATUM FUCK YEAH

fuck all Jaylen haters
That dunk would have been insane 
Fuck Horford :(
I meant 4-6 minutes. My bad guys
Reggie Jackson get your fucking ass up
he fucking flopped again?
Detroit are fucking annoying to play against 
This fuckin music is super annoying
Tatum is so fucking nasty he actually is my dad 
Kyrie u nasty fo that one 
SCARY TERRY BITCH
Dude looks like a bad character customization.
How the fuck is that continuation?
> Kyrie not being clutch

WTF am I watching 
It took everyone to have a heart attack for us to start making buckets. Fuck boys, lets close this out
Jayson fucking Tatum = ROTY
Tatum NOOOOOO :( so close 
as soon as he made that ball fake I knew the hammer was being thrown down
I AM SHOOK BY THAT SCARY SCARY MAN
Can we close out this game already.  Need me some dabusele time.
Need to have that killer mentality now and put this game away. 
Fuck the refs
Sorry Detroit, you cannot leave the league’s 3pt leader open under 2 minutes.
GOD TATUM IS SO FUCKING CLUTH THAT FUCKING EFFICIENCY AND THAT EXECUTION OMG!
Afternoon game means getting day drunk.
I wanted Tatum to boom on Drummond so bad. 
WHY CAN'T WE FUCKING REBOUND
What an awful game
Avery is so fucking annoying now that he isn’t on my team 
So this is why every other team's fans hate Avery
#HORRIBLE CALL
Oh my god that was a bad call, but Smart is an idiot.
Lol....I think Baynes is outplaying Drummond.

Wtf this dude is fucking legit.
absolutely disgusting dunk by jaylen
Jaylen is so fuckin raw with the ball in his hands man
SCARY TERRY BIIIIIITCCHHHH
scary terry!
Shane "Scary Terry" Larkin
I hate how Marcus always takes those shots, we're up by 14 with like 7 to go. The way they get back in this is if we take shots like that with 22 seconds left on the clock.
We gotta get the boards. We've been slacking lately.
So painful to watch this nonsense 
WTF Baynes shooting 3's????
Fuck Detroit is coming back, my stream is fucking up it’s cold as fuck outside. I hate winter 
blind ass refs
WTF Marcus... come on!
Well that was terrible let's never hear that again
Jayson's dunk coulda been as nasty as Jaylen's...too bad
Al :(
oh fuck
Their PA guy is pretty bad tbh
Avery has such a weird jumper
Marcus Smart is the world's worst basketball shooter
I’m still a little sad every time they close up on AB. 
Man, every time we face the Pistons now I just end up missing Avery Bradley : (
Wtf Larkin why you jacking up a tough shot.. SOMEONE DRIVE TO THE BASKET.. TATUM SAVE US!
These refs dumb as fuck
stupid ass refs
We're bounce passing our way out of the game with these turnovers
What a poor quarter for both teams
Both teams feeling the effects of tough previous games 
https://www.reddit.com/r/lakers/comments/7irp9u/summary_of_ingram_vs_brown_in_one_play/

FUCK THE LAKERS
This quarter is just the thing we needed after a disastrous 2nd.. Offense is on fire
Scary Terry!!!
#Scary Terry
That 3 was actually scary 
Boban looks like a Bosnian war criminal. Truly haunting.
The Pistons are playing horrific 
What terrible basketball from both teams
weak continuation 
we need to fucking rebound
Something something get the fucking offensive rebounds
Yo, what the fuck are we doing.
Fuck my ass
what the fuck is happening
holy shit if we fucking lose to the pistons again
wtf is happening rn
Offensive fucking goaltend the fuck refs
Smart looked mad no one collapsed on him when he drove.
I swear we could have scored 100+ with that poor play by Detroit...if only our bench are at least average shooters
Horrible possessions on both ends. Get Marcus out of there.
Pass the fucking ball Marcus, goddamnit
Anywhere I can watch the game in NYC?
Scal and the president not wearing goggles..... so sad. 
Just randomly standing next to a Jeep on the court. NBD 
Let's see what Al does after a 2 point game
I hate when people swat away balls shot after fouls/timeouts. The ~~Pistons~~ Spurs did it a couple of times on Fri, and now Detroit.

---

**Edit** I hate it when they do it on **our** guys. So unsatisfying.
fuck not Luke "Reggie Miller" Kennard
Horford revenge game
Cmon man, stop playing so soft, grab a fucking rebound
The pace of this game is fucking electric
Offensive rebounding so fucking bad
No Bamba please even if we get the pick.  Sick of adding players who struggle to score
That’s just so unnecessary Rozier...
Kyrie has to be getting tired of watching the bench piss down their leg whenever he sits.
Please ask Brad after boards after the game. Holy fuck.
Clusterfuck of a game 
Tatum looks shaky
I am going to tear down Israel’s wall on the West Bank and rebuild it with all the bricks from this game
WHAT THE FUCK
What is this game
Fuck yes Marcus
this shit fucking sloppy
this is some ugly ass shit
That was weird 
Ay fuck Strega 
Man, Baynes is killing Drummond. That's the story of the game.
Al normalizing after that Spurs game. 5/6 from the field and Drummond still doesn’t have a bucket
Im shocked to see AD being a complete non factor
Horford a baaaad bad man 
Giving up 14 points the last four minutes.  WTF is going on?
Is it me or are we bad in transition? Seems like we get out of control and then it over too much 
Stevens is sitting Brown. Or at least talking to him. Big/Ball Handler/Wing.
Sorry, what was that foul?
It’s jarring how Boban makes NBA players look small
So can Detroit just not shoot this game or are we locking them down?
Just pathetic
Wtf
This is horrible. Worst quarter of the year.
Tough break for us that Reggie Jackson is on the bench. 
Fuck, don't foul out Baynes
Why the review when the game is cooked
Out of curiosity, what was the line for this game before it started?
Weird substitution patterns by Brad.  Hard for players to get and stay in rhythm only playing 4-5 minutes a time
Always weird seeing child dancers at half time but at least they're clothed.
The wrong players are taking all our shots again, smh Brad
Why the fuck doesn't Brad threaten to take minutes from marcus to get him to stop shooting? 
We re gonna let the Pistons comeback in this game, just watch
I'm convinced Marcus Smart has multiple personality disorder

Downvote away Marcus-slobberers. He has been awful tonight.
Kyrie has been flat out terrible tonight.
kyrie gonna lose us this game in crunch time like he did vs the spurs
Crazy and he’s up against 22 year old rookies of the year candidates
Finals week for me at least
I bet he eats a lot of chicken parm hoagies.
Tough to not be awkward when you're 24 and surrounded by a bunch of 30+ year olds
I hope Avery loses the game 
Do you value inefficient triple doubles, stat chasing, stat padding, and very little defensive effort?
You're wholesome as fuck fongos If I ever run into you at a grocery store I'm gonna buy you some vegetables 
Game over reactions? In here? Nooooo. That never happens in our sub
All of Australia is made of tough stuff
Even after hearing him call a game it’s still so hard to imagine what he sounds like hahah
he's tired af
Smart is not the worst offensive player in the league.
lonzo ball is still worse isnt he?
Both teams are just playing pretty ordinary.. yeah 7am games are brutal to wake up to
at least some of them think the post is stupid
Take care of Avery Bradley please :(
What do you mean? Just click the provided links.
Fuck.
Not a good sign for our offense 
everybody sucks, jaylen had a dunk
Completely incompetent. 
because he's not an idiot and base his coaching decisions on emotional reactionary reasons
Scarry Terry will fuck your bitch
He def fucked up against the Spurs trying to play selfish Hero Ball
fuck the pistons
Furthermore, it has nothing to do with the sport or even point of basketball. It's one thing to protect the players, but the blatant abuse of rules is just stupid. We've gone way too far where something has to be reset and reverted back to the old ways. I think that's why they're cracking down on traveling this season, too
Lonzo Ball has an ugly 3pt release, I don't think he'd airball a bunny 
Oh shit I just realized!!!
Well it cant be as bad as last year
Crazy eyes Hogan back Monday 
At least that means he will score for once
Sorry Celsius ...so that’s like 78/79... it will get to about 30 Celsius by lunch
Wait, do you mean the reddit stream on this thread? Or the ones in r/nbastreams? Because if you want to watch the game, you have to go to r/nbastreams 
I'm a Ravens fan so I don't really remember the Brady injury. A couple years back Flacco tore his ACL one play then played another play to get us in field goal range for the game winner. I was shocked when they said it was an ACL.
God awful rebounding. We’re up by a few, but the offense has gone cold this quarter (2nd). Lot of sloppy play by Terry and Marcus.
yeah i feel bad for her too
Oh and if you hate snow in winter it gets to about as low as 19 Celsius during the day and we would have maybe one or two nights that get under 5 degrees
I know nothing about him other than his name, but Jabari Bird sounds like a crossover episode I can get behind
This is why people on this sub hate you. You don't have discussions, you literally just decide something and ignore any counterpoints..... 
Jesus fucking Christ 
Been in bed sick all day.  First game I've missed all season.  This one is on me.
Boi are you broken?
Nah I just think your way of communicating online is annoying as fuck. I’m the realest Tatum stan on here.
Kyrie used Flat Earth! *It's not very effective!* Gordon used Logic! *It's not very effective!*
Idc what people keep saying. I won't accept Kyrie as a Celtic, until he admits he was either joking or he is dead ass wrong.
He’s already admitted that he was trolling because he got tired that people thought he was dumb
No, he's serious. You're dead ass mind-fucked, serf.
No not nearly as consistent or versatile on offense though. Horford can't have an off game with Morris out like in San Antonio.
Yeah, missing shots is one thing, but I hate the games that Horford only has 5 or 6 attempts. 
So sad I missed this cause the only game I play is Hearthstone and I've been asking him to stream it forever. Gonna have to watch the replay.
Hayward cost us adventure expansions with his crazy purchases!!!!  Nooooooo!!!!!!!!
That's disappointing
I want to see his reaction to it so badly
Scal was talking during a game about how he thinks Brown is rushing his FT a bit during games.
Or that he is not better than MJ.
Wings over is fucking fire 
No love for Kyrie?
Ohh my bad that wasn't clear.  But yeah man, I'm so hyped for his return. This team is going to feast. 
Lebron fanboys DVing. Sad 
Even when he got somewhat abused by LMA last game. He was still a +8 and LMA a -3...crazy shit.
Agree. It sucks!
Southeastern Massachusetts. I don't think I've seen another from the area, but I could be wrong.
SOUTH DAKOTA STAND UP! 



No? Just me? I figured as much..... :( its lonely out here
LA. Ever since I was born, I hated all LA stuff. Still do. 
Buffalo NY. Land of the broken tables
from my point of view the jedi are evil
poor guy
I lived in Troy up until 2016. Now in Hudson. Small world.
By chance are you going to the game in March? 
Oh. did you see that sick Euro Semi did today?
Waterford, small town about 20mins north of Albany
be serious dude
I think assists add value, not sure what your point is.
yawn

This dude literally spams /r/freekarma4you to get around posting limitations of negative karma so he can continue to troll. Idk why that’s not against the rules.
No Theis? No Semi?

Fake news. Tatum #1
Fucking "experts"
Everyone: Boston Celtics will be ‘very scary’ once Gordon Hayward returns. 
bitch they’re scary NOW
Nothing, it was issued because he is unlikely to return but can’t be revoked if he manages to be back sooner. 
Christ, one bad game. I fucking hate people like you.
Yeah he looks useless with kawhi in the lineup. 
You are so stupid it's not even funny. 
You're an idiot if you don't want Demarcus Cousins
Brad Stevens nor IT didn’t want DeMarcus so I guess they must be dumb.
Kyrie takes the similar hero ball shots that we hated IT for taking at times.  Yeah they are both extremely clutch players but they both take some dumb hero ball shots at the end of the game
He should be the only one to have the ball, but he shouldn't have taken those 2 horrible threes during tie game.
Those shots were from horrible locations and positions and lost us the game.
Except he hits a deep 3 two games ago to seal the game. Was that a bad shoot too? 
Whatever dude. Phrase your argument however you want. This place shuns and refuses criticism like it's the plague. OP wasnt even being a dick about it and he's only met with people insulting him. 
He played it well by taking 2 horrible threes from horrible positions and we lost the game? Yeah "played it well".
Results oriented thinking at its worst 
So you deny that those 3s were from poor positions?
He bricked both of them. One was 5 feet away from the 3pt line, the other was when he was guraded by 2 people. Both badly bricked. They are horrible shots.
They were missed shots *because* he took them from horrible positions. This is not hard to understand. 
100% impossible to know

TLDR: 100% would have won with Marcus
It should've been an illegal screen or a foul on LMA. He pushed Marcus with his hip which caused the "foul". 
Would have won if the rest of the team didn't shoot so poorly from 3.  And Kyrie needs to stop fading/drifting on his 3s.  When he sets his feet, his 3s are money.
>Say something about Marcus's bad game

"but his +/-"

>Say something about his bad game including bad +/-

*downvotes*
[That was his worst result of the season](http://bkref.com/tiny/UwiGA), so yes, I'd back him to turn it around in the last 3 minutes.
What are you doing in nyc? Santacon? I sometimes go to a Boston bar to watch the Celtics game.
As a subscriber of league pass, NBATV is the bane of my fucking existence. 
Is there a Bill Kennedy making bad calls video?
So weak for someone who destroys the rim 
Wish I could have heard what Popp had to say to that fuck in the MAGA hat behind the Spurs bench. Honestly my only regret about this game...
Fucking hell Manu still got the moves. 
Tatum is turning into a beast... crazy game for a rook!
Just sad that the refs can do that much to determine the game. I guess Adam Silver had a little $ on the Spurs tonight.
Not many people can guard Aldridge when he plays like this unfortunately. But not many can guard Kyrie, so there's that at least
Manu is seriously impossible to hate on...

Edit—-probably Lakers fans...but fuck them.
he just doesnt feel like a celtic to me, and the comments about coming off the bench rubbed me the wrong way
Too bad LeMarcus Aldrdge is immune 
1st impression was his ribbs got nailed.. nasty injury if thats the case 
I mean, everything is 3-D......
Jaylen has upgraded from a flat plane to three-dimensional space. League fucked.
Literally everyone one of your comments is nasty and disrespectful in any sub. Gtfo you dont deserve the celtics
Imagine if Kyrie played in 3D... League double fucked
Fuck the Rim!!! 
Horford was absolutely dominated by LMA. Worst game I've ever seen him play.
Fuck Ginobli and his savvy veteran heroics. Fuck that rebound, and fuck both his 3's to kill each half.

And fuck all 6 fouls on Smart, this reffing was terrible for both teams.
I wanted the gold :(
Are you fucking kidding me 😭
#FUCK THE REFS
Fucking Bulllshit
The least painful loss is against Spurs but this one hit me hard
Truly horrid game from Horford. 
You cannot tell me that game was officiated even slightly fair. This isn't just some homer mad that his team lost, the fouls finished at 22-14 in favor of the Spurs. Don't even try to tell me that didn't affect this game. If you believe those refs weren't blatantly biased, then you need to check yourself into [this school](http://www.perkins.org/)
NOT AL FAULT!!! Refs didn't allow him to play as hard on Aldridge as he probably wanted too. FUCK THESE REFS
Inches from overtime. Also that spurs music down the stretch was absolutely terrible 
I’m glad I never have to watch another game in that arena this year. What a fucking annoying show they put on. 

2 Shots!
I knew it was going to be fucking Manu
At least the Cavs lost too, but this loss is a heartbreaker, ouch!
Well, those fuck you Ginobili three's hurt.
I can’t stand close losses. I’d rather get embarrassed. It’s just the worst feeling.
Al's worst game by far, he got cooked by LMA out there
They won, but that type of iso reliant basketball won't hold up in a 7 game series. 
I’m so upset, we could have had this game in so many ways :( ... Refs were terrible all night as well
Damn you rim. But for real though, fuck me that was a crazy ass game tonight.
So close :(. GG Spurs...
Every year this is the one Celtic game I get to go to. And every year we lose. I am sorry for the curse guys :(
Needless to say anything about Pop, he's the legend and all that. 

One thing I wish Stevens never does is scream at refs the way Pop does. I don't want the C's to have influence on the refs, ever. 
Fucking gaaaaaay 
Refs defeat the Celtics 105-102. For some reason the Spurs wandered onto the court during the game.
I hope this doesn't start a losing funk. Fuck
Obviously he played it well, that was a terrible shot. Manu got lucky. 
I will never be mad about losing to the Spurs at San Antonio but GOD WHY DID THAT BALL HAVE TO RIM OUT. 
Worst game? Horford played a lot of good defense in this game. Overall got beat by Aldridge’s size and height. Refs helped too
Is that partly why Ky only has 1 assist?  Seems crazy he couldn't even get 1 PnR/PnP with Al
Celts lacking size at the 4 and 5 did them in this game
Don't forget refs did their usual home cooking
For some reason this game makes me feel absolutely horrible
These types of posts are extremely fucking lame
Man, the Paul Pierce Shirsey needs to step the fuck up!
Tough loss
Its one game keep your head up 
I won’t even entertain dumb ass comments like this. He’s been a top 15 player this season. A bad game has nothing to do with how I view him as a player or his contract. 
Ball Game^:(
FUCK THE LA...RIM
Yup. Had a terrible game against Drummond too.
:(
2nd to last one was a bad shot. Someone should have set a screen and he should have drove to the rim.
Refs making bad calls, so let's just say fuck them pull up long 3s with the game on the line cause fuck them. Solid logic there.
**Spoiler** not good
What is that 1st game of that season? 
Yup.  Because if he drove in his arm would have gotten molested by ginobili or aldridge while the refs stood still with their hands in their pockets, resulting in a blocked shot and then we'd have people complaining that the one of two players we had tonight actually making jumpshots made a bad decisions driving into traffic.  
[like our biggest game of the season?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dBOza4U4Bg)
Yes. My point is one bad game doesn't lose you DPOY.
1 Handed Poster Put Back.. I fucking nutted
Because Spurs. The whole game was horribly officiated. 
I may be wrong, but I feel like someone had Dr. J in the league. 
"Some dude"?! The Professor was schooling dudes on the And 1 and Ball Up tours 15 years ago. Dude's ball handling is nasty.
That game sucks 
Gordon please do not support D2 that game is worse than Dwight Howard from 3
standing doesnt equal a return to a professional sport though :(
finished all content in one week, so shallow
40 and still knocking down game winners, unreal. 
Scary Terry!
Why is Kyrie out of the game?
What's awful is that I would trust anyone from our team to make that shot. That's how confident I am in this team, and this year
CELTICS HALFTIME LIVE CALLED JASON TERRY "SCARY TERRY"!!! WE DID IT YOU GUYS
FOUL ON SMART WTF??!
Kyrie bout to fuck shit up

T-ro: hold my beer
That was the worst half of basketball officiated against us I have ever seen in my fucking life.  Absolutely pathetic how these refs were baited.
Nothing like COMING HOME TO A CELTICS GAME!!! I feel like I've missed so much :'(
this gotta be one of the worst reffed halves this season.
These fucking refs...
Playing music like they do while the game is going on is just plain embarrassing to the game of basketball.
OH MY FUCKING LORD JAYLEN BROWN WITH THAT PUTBACK ON PAU! FUCK  ME UP FAM.
Spurs refs controlling the game. 
IM HEARTBROKEN HOW DID THAT RIM OUT FUCK
Holy Fuck I just Had a FlashBack
Worst officiating ever 
#BRAD STEVENS HALFTIME ADJUSTMENTS AND MAD AL HORFORD IS ABOUT TO UNLEASH HIS INNER BEAST 
DRAPER SAID SCARY TERRY BITCH
Gasol playing like this is triggering bad memories my therapist tells me to not think about.
I don't understand what the fuck Marcus is supposed to do right there. He's being screened from behind, and then Ginobli sandwiches him, AND gets the personal. These fucking refs man, I swear
Man. I really hate this shit. I genuinely feel sick. I get far too invested. Fuck me.
#Scary Motherf*cking Terry
Scary terry is making a statement tonight
Fuck the refs fucking hell
Dont usually like to complain about the refs but they've been really bad tonight, calling bogus crap on Cs all night.
Fucking hell, San Antonio should not be leading right now. Hate blaming the refs (not really), but it feels like they totally let them back in to this game.
Draper is for the people with that Scary Terry 
I am so fucking pissed right now because of this refereeing. Fuck.
Kyrie is single-handedly keeping us in the game
Complete fucking bullshit. Ginobli literally just shouldered him away
Dogshit game. At least the refs didn't miss 7 travels on SA... (yes I'm being that fan)
I’m out here watching the Celtics play for the first time! LETS FUCKING GOOO!!!!!


This is a fun-ass game of basketball. 
Fuck not another scary fall I have PTSD from Gordon
Holy hell these refs are bad, spurs literally getting every call
Jesus CHRIST this is some of the worst officiating I've ever seen.
I can already see if we keep this close, the refs will find some way to fuck us in the 4th that will cost us the game.  
So they play annoying music all game and then do an orchestra at halftime? Who's idea is this?
HOLY FUCK JAYLEN
Jaylen you fucking savage 
I swear I'm gonna get the addresses of each one of these refs, and spam their mailbox with advertisments. This is fucking obvious ridiculous blatant bailout calls
lmao these refs don’t even try to hide how bad they’re fucking us 
our X factor fouled out of the game.. fuck.  If there is one person I want in a close game its Smart.
Yep. Second chance points guys. That’s what fucking happens when you give up offensive boards.

Jesus Christ.
That was actually a bananas make by Ginobili and a bananas miss by Kyrie can't be toooooooo mad at that
I don't like this loss. We were outplaying them like crazy and the calls were just taking us out of rhythm and kept them in it. Oh well. On to the next one.
Aaron "no easy buckets" Baynes
Fucking Scary mf Terry
That loud shitty music is so annoying.
When Brad is mad at the refs you know theyre some shitheads
Wouldn't be a game in San Antonio with the refs making phantom shit up against the Celtics 
Just checked the spurs game thread to see if they were also complaining about the god awful music and it’s pretty dead over there. Are we just a particularly lively sub?
Who said not once did we trail in the half?!!! 
Absolutely disgusting sequence, Smart was blatantly fouled
This is the 3rd game I'm watching tonight thinking "what the fuck are these refs even doing"
What the fuck was that call? I have no qualms. It was SA ball all the way.
Holy what the fuck. 
Jaylen fucking brown
Morris' signature shot is an ugly one.. really love/hate relationship
Same shit happened last game but it was called an illegal screen on Al
4 tricky tacks on Marc tonight. Very odd
FUCK, THAT WAS GOING IN
I don't care what you say, the refs lost us that game 
Can he wear the goggles every game now?
Jayson Tatum is just nasty
11-0 start ain't too bad
This has pop ejection game written all over it.
Kyrie with the casual 17 points on 7 shots 
There ya go Scary T
Scary Terry's turn to cook.
Why do I feel like Theis gets a ton of weak calls against him?
Hometown refs fucking us tonight I guess
Scary terry bitch!!
It doesn't even look like Kyrie left the court, damn Scary!
TATUM IS AUTO-FUCKING-MATIC HOLY SHIT!
Kyrie is a legit wizard. How the fuck he almost made the basket
Angry Al 
WTF IS GOING ON WITH THESE FUCKING REFEREES...
You've gotta be fucking kidding me.
Fuck these refs!
Literally the worst way that quarter could have ended. Yuck.
Fucking joke referees giving them the momentum into half time.
This kiss cam makes me uncomfortable.
This game lacks a serious amount of AB curls run for Tatum
#HOLY FUCK JAYLEN
Daddy Jaylens angry at the rim tonight
BROWN WHAT THE FUCK!!!!
How the fuck he do this shit 
Alright Brad, get Morris the hell out of there..this is getting ridiculous 
bro these refs i’m just sad at this point 
Fuck
The
Refs
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME! MANU'S BEEN FLOPPING FOR 30 YEARS!!!!!
Refs are fucking garbage omg
refs try hard to lose us.
How the fuck is that now a moving screen on Aldridge...
You’ve been calling us for bullshit all night then let the screener hold our fucking guys arm on that shit. 
How the fuck did that not drop... insane 
fuck that rigged ass game, fuck those refs
EVERY QUESTION AT THE POST GAME PRESS CONFERENCE SHOULD BE ANSWERED "ASK THE REFS"
NO EASY BUCKETS
Kyrie is a fucking beast 
Semi needs to guard LaMarcus for portions of this game.
Wtf I just realized the game is on NBCSN I've been watching on ESPN like a got damn fool
Theis always gets rooked by the refs and I fucking hate it 
[SCARY TERRY THINGS](https://imgur.com/Nm9t3Ev) 
KYRIE THROWS IT DOWN!!!!
Late whistle
These fucking refs
man fuck these refs
who the fuck are these refs
Tatum is gonna be in the 50/50/90 club this season... As a mother fucking rookie.
Actually the worst reffed minute of all time.
Fucking a ginobli 
Oh come on, fuck off already. No call on smart, and then Ginobli with the fucking ridiculous three as time expires?!? fuck. off
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
FUCK THE REFS
Anyone else watch on the NBCSB app? The guy in those Sullivan tires commercials is such a terrifying human.
Fucking luck
Can't wait to see Anna's responses on Twitter after this game.
Def needs to pick it up and rise over these fuck officials
i hate these fucking REFs
I know there’s been like a hundred shit posts about the music, but holy shit - it’s BAD
Casually pushes mook down
Wtf is Al supposed to do? He legit breathed on LMA. 
Holy shit Jaylen!!!!
 JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN
The Spurs arena is pretty aggressive with mid-game music.  Kinda annoying. 
WTF
HOLY FUCKING SHIT JAYLEN!!!
Poor Baynes 
Fuck Baynes is grabbing his knee
I really fucking hate referees 
Morris out please. Been fucking terrible
HE FUCKING TRAVELED AND THEY CALLED A FOUL!!!!!
#WE WILLNNOT LOSE THIS GAME YOU..... JACKASS
I am so done with these fucking refs
FUCK OFF REFS
GRAB FUCKING BOARDS
I’m sorry, but I’m not even mad.  That was insane.  
Never been this mad after a game 
Kyrie is somehow a better closer than IT. This dude is just insane during the 4th quarter. It’s just 2K cheese.
I'm a Rockets fan, so I know a lot about ridiculous reffing. You guys are definitely getting shafted by the refs this game.
Wow Reggie Jackson is a moron 
I'm sad that we get only one game of the Masked Man and his genius sidekick Prof. Brown.
Horford's hard push created that mismatch
Even when he misses, Tatum’s sidestep is so devastating 
Holy shit Kyrie!
17 for fucking Kyrie? hooooooooly shit
Kyrie out here not giving a fuck about anything but putting up 50+ tonight.
Yoooo Kyrie without the mask looks weird as hell
wtf is this Morris shot selection
Scary Terry
Weak call
SCARY T!!!!!!!!
Tatum was 3rd team?! Wtf
Give me a break... Fucking refs.
weak af call
Fucking refs
Game shouldn't even be close.. Refs bailing spurs out
This game shouldn't be that close.
what the fuck m8 
#GET FUCKED GASOL

#FUCK THE LAKERS
JFC that was filthy
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN
##JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN HOLY SHIT
HOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK JB SPECS 
Oh shit, get up Baynes!
His poor dick.
Get Morris the fuck out of the game. Terrible defense and can't hit shit
Morris wtf
Tie game with 10:00 to go in the 4th and the Spurs' crowd is silent.

Lame.
We just gave up a weak 7-0 run
Ugly Terry. Be scary. 
Terry is really cold. 
What would this game be like if Kawhi Leonard was playing? 
NOT THAT FUCKING GUY!
Kyrie needs to take at least every other shot
One of those nights where it’s gonna be tough to beat an opponent that just-won’t-miss
I HATE REBOUNDS
that's how you foul, Marcus! Not that weak ass bullshit that lets em have &1
My hands are disgustingly sweaty now
Oh my fucking god Jaylen
Fuck that call...
Feel bad for Kyrie having to do everything himself 
I hope we go with Terry to end the game 
Tatum is so damn filthy 
Fuck this game is intense
FUCKING KYRIE WITH THE THR33!
Aldridge daddy dicked Horford all game. That's why we're going to lose
Shit that was so fucking close.
This fucking luck...
Can we please stop fucking Tony Parker? Shouldn’t be this hard 
Def got hip checked in his nuts not sure why people are saying knee
#CAN WE RUN KYRIE ISO THE REST OF THE GAME PLZ
Music during play is super fucking obnoxious wtf
I still sometimes forget that Timmy D doesn't play for the Spurs anymore :(


KYRIE HOLY FUCK
Kyrie is fucking filthy 
Why the fuck are they playing music while the game is going?
Mook is cold. He’ll get it going soon.
Refs are fucking garbage
these refs are bad this year
fucking Christ these falls are giving me heart attacks
for fuck sakes...
So uh what the fuck
Wtf man this game is annoying
Some really bad  calls here on smart.
Wtf no foul
fucking embarrassing 
It must be so weird to have Lance Stephenson on your team...
Need to body these guys w some hard fouls if they are gonna get the calls anyway 
Oh boy...  That was a sloppy turnover
Holy crap, yes!!
Horford should try pulling the chair on Aldridge on a possession. Maybe get him off his game a bit 
Oooof looked like he got hit in the balls :(
Gasol got him in the australias :(
Fuck :(
Oh god... That looked so painful....
Their arena music is so annoying
Something we heard a lot this game Morris with the miss
wtf 
WHAT THE FUCK?
How tf are we letting Bertans take control of this game ugh
Wow Morris is terrible out there
How do they miss that travel? Parker moves so slow these days it’s already like watching a slow motion replay
These refs are downright killing the game for us
Morris doesn't focus on this game. No need.
If that was Baynes instead of Pau that would have been a fucking foul...
Smart makes a bad pass blames Tatum 
I fucking hate Pau gasol
The background music has reached a new level of annoying when they are playing journey with the ball in play...
Spurs game is always a tough one
I know I'm harsh on Jaylen, but that was clutch!
Also Horford ice cold 
God fucking damnit 
Tough game, really tough
Fuck rebounds
tatum is fucking money
what a game!!!
Bad shot but I'll take it
C'mon, Tatum... At least try to play as a newbie rookie
KYRIE COLD BLOODED MY GOD
Ice cold Kyrie
Horrible shot selection
I hate basketball.
Fucking hell I hate this game
What awful shot selection for the Spurs. Fuck that
Fucking Ginobili ughhhhhhhhhhhhhh

^pls ^retire ^i'm ^begging ^you
That fucking hurt
Noooooooooo....  Fucking Manu!

Moving screen twice on that what fucking bullshit
Al didn't do a damn thing all game.
Horrors blew the game. Guy can’t grab a board, misses every shot all game and his d is pathetic this game. Cock blocker 
Fuck Ginobli. Two bullshit threes. One which shouldn't have counted at the half. Marcus got fouled and no call.
fuck this game... cant grab boards.. bs no calls all night.. bs calls on Smart to eject him from game... just fuck this bs
Al just stinks tonight 
Are you fucking serious 
Slightly weak end to the quarter defensively but the offense was 🔥
Theis to tie the game!!!
this is weird... were not down by 15 yet
This arena music is fucking aids
I never understood why the Spurs' mascot is pretending to be drunk or... mentally challenged or something. Is that supposed to be like a contrast to what the team is like? I mean mascot literally represents team in an animal form and spirit, no?
It's unreal how cold Semi has been.
ffs, morris, it's bad enough that you get called for the foul but then you just freakin take your sweet-ass time getting back to the defensive end leaving your player completely uncovered so he can get a throw-in from halfcourt and go up for a lay-up, necessitating a foul

this was too long, sorry

what i mean to say is

wtf morris??
FUCK GINOBILI RETIRE ALREADY
Fuck Manu
Take away the Spurs 3 man advantage and they lose by what, a dozen? Popovich still the biggest douche in the NBA. Lived in San Antonio for 15 years and I'm so used to this home cooking, I expect it every game.
MIKE AND TOMMY! LETS FUCKING GO!
Spectacle'd Jaylen and Masked Kyrie = nba fucked!
#Uncle Drew Cold Blooded
Aldridge is fucking eating damn
What the fuck are we gonna do about Aldridge
Scary terry is my dad.
I wish morris wouldn't shoot when it's a terrible look 
Just not Morris' game is it?
Jayson third team acc is Avery Bradley second team all defense level stupid
I'm seriously considering changing my flair to Tatum... It's almost unbelievable to me...
sad to see this will be the last masked kyrie we se :(
fuck that guy looks ugly
holy shit fuck the refs
man that Christmas game is gonna be gooooood
Fucking Christ Haynes
Kyrie at 25 pts with 9/13 shooting and 3/3 FT.. Crazy efficient
LETS GO FUCKING TIE THIS SHIT
LETS GO FUCKING TIE THIS SHIT
Oof I wanted that Smart 3 sooo badly 
Fuck off refs
Fuck Ya Boyzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
what the fuck is up with baynes
Baynes :(
Baynes misses the easiest shot of the game and then gets nutted
OH NO! Baynes! Fuck.
after seeing that replay...FUCK Pau that shit was dirty af
Morris not good today
y do refs hate the Cs? 
I just went to the bathroom what happened :(
When Pop yells at his players it kinda looks like you put a suit on that crazy homeless guy who's always yelling at stuff. A Crazy Mike, or Dirty Dennis type.
We’re throwing this game away smh 
Plz put in jaylen for rozier he’s on one of his cold streaks again
FUCKING MORRIS
Are you fucking kidding me 
Morris is fucking garbage man 
fuck all these bricklayers

ride kyrie isos until the end
Does al have like 4 points? Where the fuck is he 
This is silly. Shouldn't even be a game. Kyrie is gonna do this. 
FUCK
Fuck when are they gonna miss.
Horford what are you fucking doing 
wtf horford 
Geez this game
that call was atrocious
Fucking tip in pissed me off
KYRI3!!!!! HOLY FUCKING SHIT!
kyrie is fucking money
Kyrie is hella cold for that
TATUM IS SO FUCKING CLUTCH
Fucking rebound! 
Al fuck do something
Jesus this game is giving me A HEART ATTACK
Sometimes, I have the feeling that the worst the shoot decision, the better Kyrie shoots.
i am sad 
Can't even be mad at that one
THE ANCIENT ONE

FUCK
Fuck
What the fuck
Fuck fuck fukcewsufnujsdkfsdfsdf
Well, fuck.
Oh what the fuck
FUCKING OFFENSIVE REBOUNDS
Fuck. 
Fuck that fucker
They keep not calling traveling on Alderidge, I’m getting sick of this shit
That was a big fucking shot! Wow. Let’s go to OT
that was fucking heartbreaking
I hate the fucking spurs!
Wait r/nba said the Spurs were God-tier not sure what's going on
—Kyrie must still be pissed at San Antonio for ‘14—

Edit: am dumb 
Well I guess Lonely Island during an NBA game is a thjng
Morris needs to get out of hear with that walking back to defense bitching shit. Do your fucking job.
Cut the fucking music
Fuck off
like Brad needs to show some fucking emotion its fucking annoying
Baynes be a fucking man and back down that pussy Gasol, dont settle for a jumper.
That really wasn't a bad call though. 
Morris is ice cold
fuck off Morris
Ever gonna be a game we don't have to beat the refs along with our opponents this season?
Fuck LMA
I said that a few games ago celtics sadly need to learn to be bitches and yell when they take it down low it gets you calls
Man I don't know how you do that. Some of the announcers around the league are terrible. And, our homers must be hard for other teams.
I just watched Raptors @ Grizzlies. It was even worse. 
nah fuck that we ain't shaving off any of Jaylen's athleticism
They're playing some shitty techno :(( atleast we keep it simple with the organ 
I wanted to fucking punch my TV when I heard that EDM shit coming on in the middle of the game.
Refs definitely doing a lot to try and keep it close. This is annoying to watch 
Fuckin A dude. Every season you think it can't be worse than the last, and then it is. Fans from all teams should pool together and make a highlights video of shitty, plain wrong calls, send it to the NBA and keep doing so until something changes.
Just wait until the next game seems like every game the refs one up the shitty ones from the previous game
Man, that's a lot of steps :(
Wow the mods are horrible let’s revolt!!!! 
I feel bad for /r/nba, he's bringing his shit there now
Hahahaha my buddy lives in Austin TX and was sending me snaps of snow. Crazy shit. I’m in West Virginia. It’s cold but no snow 
Not sure I want any of what Terry is cooking 
Too bad no Tommy :(
so much better - it's insane
So frustrating. 
Do you also hate puppies and milk chocolate?
gordon hayward..... :(
> Rocket

You also know a few things about getting fucked by ginobili in the last seconds, don't ya?
They all are, part of the game plan.
What would this game look like with Gordon?
Scal is filling in for Tommy. And thus, I’ve finished at least four times already.
You're in the wrong thread 
Zero :(
Exploded balls man that's a hilariously horrifying thing to think about
i’m sorry for this 
Dumb ass play by Jackson. AB is warriors kyrptonite 
Let's go ... to ESPN!

Why not Scal on the road? Lame.
Every fucking time against us. He might hate green, his mom must have forced him to eat Brussels sprouts when he was a kid.
Fuck you
Brad is the Sphinx, when he does show emotion, it's cause something is seriously fucked up. 
It couldn't be the eye infection or anything, fucking casual
it's called managing his minutes dumbass. You want him to play 40 a game like Minnesota?
Yeah Brad is a real idiot
Dude could have something wrong going on down there after that hit
I’m actually incredibly sad you’re a celtics fan because that means that I’m a fan of a team with people like you 
This is an off game.
Don't you mean he's "doing Jaylen Brown's work"?
Bad bot 
Yeah I’m a UMass alum but we’ve been so useless for so long I like BCguys even if I shouldn’t. Reggie is really good that was just an AWFUL play 
It’s too late now
Hayward makes me Gayward :(
I am so mad. Our boi didn't deserve to be let down like that.
Yeah I feel you. it’s just really frustrating
My bad mixed up an incident in my head, disregard
He’s making bad decisions passing the ball lately and his offense is atrocious 
An eye affects your dribbling? Fucking dumb ass comment. Gtfo with that casual shit
Fucking casuals man
Fucking about time, cheers for the heads up
You have to be fucking shitting me.

It’s still December of his rookie year and you’re putting him in a class with Ray Allen, Reggie and 2 time MVP Steph?

Edit: just saw you added Larry Bird to the list of people Tatum will be like. 😂😂
Yeah... I am. I have confidence in the kid.. You have a problem with it? Then go fuck yourself
Fuck you.. Scrub
>  streaming games thru your neighbors laggy internet connection from your step dad's 1 bedroom, 

What a random and oddly specific thing to say. Projecting again? 
Too bad kawhi is gone...
Yup too bad he’s gone and they’re 3rd seed with him returning within the month...
Too bad we the one seed with hayward getting his boot off, and Tatum slitting throats 
40 point game incoming
You must be confusing him with someone else. His name is Clarence and he’s an airline pilot.
Jaylen said it himself in a pre game interview I believe
league fucked season already over we'd be watching parade highlights today
I'm going to the game! 
Was disappointed to see his website $35 bucks a tee? Not cool fam. 
I think you have me confused with someone else kid, my name is Rodger Murdoch, I'm the co-pilot.
Yeah Twitter is outrageous bro
I picked a bad week to stop sniffing glue
What is it about you reddit users that makes you so angry and want to argue over every little thing?
Yeah this website sells knock Off kyries. Sorry. 
What sites do you use for fake jerseys? The last couple of fake jerseys I have gotten have been atrocious. 
I dunno about the stronger overall defense argument... Numbers-wise, Tatum  and Brown both average 1stl a game, but Tatum almost averages 1blk a game, at 0.8 compared to Brown's 0.3. (while fouling less too)

Jaylen is stronger defensively in the post, I'll give him that, but he still bites on pump fakes too often for my liking..
That's seriously one of the worst articles I've read in a long time. It's just a quote with some filler. Jeeze. Just post a text topic. 
Damn - I just want to watch Jaylen and Jayson throw oops to each other all game. 
The timing of this post is weird, considering that the Nets just traded away one of their better players and will now start giving regular minutes to a center that might functionally be the worst player in the NBA.
cavs should hurry up and trade that pick before the nets are in the playoffs and it loses all value
Allow me to quote half this fucking sub: "WHERE YOU AINGE APOLOGISTS NOW, EXPLAIN GIVING UP FULTZ AND OUR FUTURE????????????????? FUCK YOU DANNY AINGE"


Yeah I never had anything personally against them, and it felt kind of weird pulling for the worst team to stay bad. It is too bad they lost Lin and, for the time being, D'angelo. 
Was so sad about that Philly game...
Much easier to pull for the Lakers to be bad.
Wait you're standing behind that post?
I don't agree with that post, but I also don't agree with how shitty everyone was about it, jesus.  

A few months ago no one knew what was gonna happen with Kyrie. No one expected him to level up his game.
the easiest. one tiny notch above rooting for the yankees to be bad.
i think even lakers as a bottom 5 team is just wishful thinking. to be bottom 5 they have to get jumped by 3 of memphis, lac, phoenix, sacto, dallas. that's not happening. those teams are all awful and looking to be bad for the rest of the season. 
Sixers played absolutely awful. 

If the Sixers had given some amount of effort, they would've blown them out. 
Fuck the habs!
them too, but my god do I hate the yankees. fuck those guys forever.
Man, fuck the lakers. Miss me with that LA SHIT
He makes the other players in the draft feel bad about themselves
Given how insane his efficiency numbers are he could probably be taking more shots. I hate to rip on a rookie for being unselfish though.
I'm surprised he's shooting so badly from 3 feet. I guess all those clutch drives are giving me selective memory
Tatum is weak against fire. Making him a grass type. Waters weakness is grass. So the splash bros weakness is Tatum... Ainge is woke.
Thank you for saving me from that stupid 30-second long advertisement
That's a really lame line in the sand you're drawing there.
It's not going to happen this year. He doesn't shoot enough FTs to get to 90%. Also 50/40/90 is somewhat silly, it's just even numbers.
Yeah, but think of it from the other side, if red-shirt rookies weren't allowed to in the award it would mean taking the opportunity away from Simmons just because he got injured for a year. Seems harsh to him for something out of his control.
The idea isn't bad but rookies would almost never win so it kinda ruins the idea 
Wtf! This is just unfair. Sorry NBA. 
Gentlemen, you will permit me to put on my spectacles, for, I have grown not only gray, but almost blind in the service of my ~~country~~ team.
Links for people without Instagram: [1](https://scontent-syd2-1.cdninstagram.com/vp/1465d1cd6bcb13a7876b65a6c52e8732/5A2BD66C/t50.12441-16/24725026_133157190703144_4431522469756534784_n.mp4)/[2](https://scontent-syd2-1.cdninstagram.com/vp/ce5cdaed4d0764d92e55c012b75259c1/5A2BC430/t50.12441-16/24988553_1520535231356051_3193269830518046720_n.mp4)
Sooooooooo sick
But IT told me they were "fake smart-guy glasses"
Batman and Robin gonna take over the game
Ill Give Kyrie 31 and Brown 69
As my dad used to say "fuck off!"
but kilpatrick has shown that he can actually score decently against nba defenders. he scored 40 on the clippers before and averaged 10+ ppg for stretches. nader is just awful and has tunnel vision. i cringe whenever he plays 
Thank fuck we can end all those stupid threads now. Hope Jah is a real contributor for Brooklyn so they fuck the Cavs over
ESPN so fucking slow god damn https://i.imgur.com/nWsGNb5.jpg 
Brooklyn's FO deserves all kinds of credit. They went from the worst situation in the league to actually having some hope.
I wouldn't mess with the chemistry. Would be hard to part ways with any of the guys.
You're crazy 
What a pathetic life you have to just be a troll.
So you're saying Brooklyn won this trade and its simultaneously going to make them worse? 
Hopefully Jaylen can play this game!
Damn. I wanted to see Kawhi vs. Jaylen/Jayson pretty badly.
He's not a great play maker but dude can score.
I feel like our whole organization philosophy is that a player like MPJ could never be redundant. If Doncic can play defense, same goes for him.

I'm also not sure that the logjam was the problem in Philly. I think the problem was that Okafor was a bad pick and that Philly was a terrible, horrible organization to develop Noel who fucking ruined him. If Noel had been drafted by the Rockets, the Heat, or some other hyperaggressive team that would use him properly he could have been trained into a devastating weapon.
Just concentrate on servicing the ladies, Ivan. Leave the basketball thinking to the rest of us. It's too hard on your brain; it could cause impotence. Then how would you feed yourself??!
Hey Ivan, nobody loves you and that includes your kid. I’m sorry about that. I’d buy you rope and say end it but it’s not worth the energy
You’re so wrong and this oversimplification made everyone who read it dumber.
> Memphis is off to a grisly 8-16 start

I see what you did there!! Not gonna slip that one past me!
Ahh man that stinks. Do you have a source for that?
His D is devastating and I never really believed the "he can facilitate plays" argument until you see what he's doing on court. Shooting % is down this season but somehow he's better. Wicked weird.
He sucks
Not a chance, sorry. It pains me to say it but no way 
So game time decision? (/s)
I wouldn't be mad if he came back 3/28.
I mean, let's think about the physical aspects even before that, he's still a long ways off after that nasty break. It's usually closer to a year for a recovery, so anything this season has got to still be optimistic, de-boot or not.
it's about to be crazy G
What about Yabu though? :(
61? Christ he looks at least 80
My first Celtics game I attended and what a game to pop the cherry on! 
I kinda hate that I upvote comments like this in every single post game thread but I'm never gonna stop.
Rough game? Rough season man... He's shooting ~32% my god... my god that's awful. He's playing 30+ mins a game and has an efficiency rating of 39% that's the 4th WORST in the NBA with +18 mins/Game. The other 3? Ball, Fultz, and Ntilikina. That's right 3 rookies and Smart.. in his 4th year.

Smart has made 0 improvements over the years. It's getting annoying.
Yeah he’s got a swollen eye non contact, so maybe it’s just a form of rest? We’ll see what’s going on, that game is tomorrow correct? 
https://mobile.twitter.com/JMcDonald_SAEN/status/687056369841668097

It's at least how the story goes 
Don't see the Lakers being the third worst, but there's definitely a possibility they could be 4th or 5th worst. 

I can only hope the Lakers are absolute ass for the rest of the year, but I don't really see them being worse than the Suns, Kings, Hawks, or Bulls. Mavs and Nets could possibly be worse too, and I don't know what's going on with the Grizzlies either. 
Get the two and trade down to 5 for Bamba!!!! Picks every year wooooooo!!! 
I cant see 90% from the line happening, but his splits are ridiculous either way disregarding an arbitrary cutoff.
Booker out 2-3 weeks suns are fucked 
Lots of the seed predictions already have the Suns under the Lakers anyways

[538](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2018-nba-predictions/?ex_cid=rrpromo) - Lakers 5th Worst

[Basketball Reference](https://www.basketball-reference.com/friv/playoff_prob.html) - Lakers 5th Worst

[ESPN's BPI](http://www.espn.com.au/nba/story/_/page/BPI-Playoff-Odds/espn-nba-basketball-power-index-playoff-odds) - Lakers 5th Worst

Granted, I don't know how accurate these have been in the past years, but barring any major injuries, this is how everything could fall. 
Would be the most insane Ewing Effect ever... nah def fucked :(
He was awful tonight. 4-16 shooting 
I'm still disappointed we haven't had enough Yabu time for Tommy to start saying this.
Looks like Dirk just wanted to get out of the game. He was not even close to blocking that. 
Oh you mean T-Rose’
So nasty to watch that
You know what. It's 5AM here and I'm drunk, I don't have time for your logic. 
Fucking Wes Matthews what a dick
Theis was so tough in this game, big time performance by him.
#FUCK WES MATTHEWS
I like the game of basketball and the team of the Boston Celtics in the National Basketball Association on the continent of North America 
Is it just me or did it seem rude that the Mavericks and staff started walking down the tunnel before the clock expired. I would understand maybe a rival to prevent a last minute fight but this wasnt that type of game.
can someone explain what wes mathews did that was so bad?
This game sucked. Celtics didn’t play hard, didn’t take the game seriously, and looked a step slow most of the night. They only played Celtics basketball for a few small stretches. Celtics won because Mavs somehow played even worse.
That fucking 3
So did Wes Matthews probably. That was hella weird 
SCARY TERRY
From one insane closer to another, we're spoiled rotten.
You seem to have spelt “league” wrong 
He needs to beat his 57 pt game
Very different game. Baynes is a thumper. Theis is (shockingly) athletic. Has hops. 
Garbage 3 point shot at the end of the game when everyone else was shaking hands and walking off the court. Made the final score 97-90 which covered he -7.5 Vegas spread. 

Bad form 
+/- doesn't tell you shit about an individual player impact on the game.  
They're cruising for that spurs game
IS THAT THIS GAME ALWAYS HAS BEEN, AND ALWAYS WILL BE...
I think I found the secret account of /u/fongos ‘s roomate. 
Fuck the lakers
You've spelled spelt wrong

Edit: I retract. I thought spelt was a wheat. But it's also the past participle of spell
He lacks the height and his movements look clumsy at times.  
Walton didn't say he's a bad defender at all ...
It's bad a game, it happens. Y'all still pretend Jaylen Brown has star potential despite playing like ASS against the LAkers.
Theis's reach is pretty insane. Could be a Greg "Bill Russell" Stiemsma in the making.
Of fucking course
Oh fuck.
They're on the NBA store sometimes, but they are hard to find
Which is weird since Kyrie is one of their biggest athletes 
And just like that I hate Dennis Smith
Wtf League Pass
Why are the mavs fucking complaining like this? Can't they just tank in peace?
Fucking league pass. I wanna hear Tommy!!!
this is fucking prime time Tommy
Man I hate when they cut away during the player announcements, totally stops my dancing. 
I look forward to these games so much that I think a day in between two games is long... Been spoiled :'(
DSJ is bitch made as fuck
This is prime fucking Heinson
#GO HOME REF, YOU'RE DRUNK
Is Theis going to start in this game 
I guess it’s yet another night of one of the worst teams in the league just literally isn’t going to miss a 3 against us
I've had enough of Nader for the season.. sorry..
LP PUT THE FUCKING AUDIO BACK TO MIKE AND TOMMY FFS
#Scary Motherf*cking Terry
This is probably the worst lineup we could possibly have.

*See Nader at the scorers table*

Looks like I was mistaken. 
How are we making this German dude look like Dikembe fucking Mutumbo?
Wtf happened to league pass and rozier
SCARY TERRY BITCH!!! EAT SPAGHETTI SUGAR RANCH SANDWICHES BITCH!!!
Wesley Matthews sucks
Angry Brad alert
He fucking pushed off 
NBA weak. Play on.
NO JAYLEN, MORRIS OR GORDIE? 

FUCK IT 

LARKIN, NADER, YABU TAKEOVER. 
Nader got hit wtf
How are these kids so bad? I never got called up to do these challenges when I was a kid but I wouldnt have missed no damn layups even if I did.
I know he's a rookie but DSJ just reeks of all of Westbrook's worst qualities. 
Kleber is a god wtf
Yeah so fuck DSJ?
DSJ is a fucking pussy
These refs are fucking trash
Dallas is 6/11 from three.. is this just plain abnormal. Settle down Cuban!
We're getting crushed by a fucking chocolate making elf...
So angry Kyrie plays angry defense.  I like
Scary Terry the Tertiary
Vintage tommy freak out game 
How the fuck is that a foul? It's a literal joke. 
Fuck Wes Matthews, fucking up our defensive rating 
Tatum's gonna go HAM this game.
Who the fuck is that guy?
Smith elbowed him twice during the play wtf
Hey Smith you gonna fucking cry about it? 
Also these refs are fucking garbage today
That was a fucking brick by Larkin...
This is hysterical.
I'm telling you, Smith fucked up by talking to Kyrie
Is it bad that I'm not worried?
Worst half of the year
That moment when Maxi fucking Kleber turns into Dikembe Mutumbo 
Holy fuck River u cant choke like that 
"I hate to say this". Do you?
Tatum up to shooting 52.6% from three on 1.6 makes per game... 
Can’t fully appreciate something till it’s gone. Celtics games at home without Mike and Tommy feels so wrong
#THE SMALL GUY
Worst call of the century, Brad should suplex the refs. All 3 of them
Amateur lip reading skills coming through again with Brad saying to the ref "A foul!? After he walked his ass off?!"
Kyrie is absolutely disgusting 
T-ROZAY AND 1 FUCK YES!
FUCKING WES MATTHEWS!
Now we know Scal don't game.
Larkin game
MAD BRAD
Am I the only mad at Tatum taking that tough buzzer beating attempt - his only missed three last game?!
the fuck am I watching 
If anything Smith pushed off then went into Kyrie's space. Shit talking rookie. Fuck off. 
This about to be a weird game mavs seem like they woke up on the wrong side of the bed 
This bench without Morris is bad overall
Gotta ride the starters here. This is just bad. 
refs bias a fuck 
These refs are fucking trash
this game is so weird
I wanted Yabu to make that shit so bad...
How do we consistently get this fucks AT HOME by the refs? It's sickening. It's every game. 
Wtf they just hit 3 3s in a row
Another game where every scrub on the other team cant miss. 
Get that weak shit outta here, Smith.
Max Kleber... wtf
I didn't know it was raining tonight, let's fucking GOOO
Tatum is a fucking sniper
WTF
Fucking Kleber having a career night.
thats the worst call I've seen in months.
I’m hard
Progression to the mean
The fuck was that pass?
KYRIE MOTHER FUCKING IRVING IS NOT GOING TO LET US LOSE THIS SHIT!
Those who followed the past couple of seasons.. I know you're still shocked we're outbounding too, after some painful years.
defense was nasty in the 2nd
Dayumm I wanted Kyrie to make that layup :( Am I too greedy
I don't like Tatum taking those heaves and fucking up his 3PT%.
On guard at the moment and will be on the gate so will have to Jerry rig a sneaky way to watch the game!

At least I'm awake for the game though, one of the few bonuses of a night shift 
Team is fucked with out JayGoat
Weak call.
What exactly is wrong with Jaylen?
My amateur lip reading skills say Smith Jr just said "before I beat your ass"
Bad end to the quarter, but this is a ridiculous lineup, so I guess it makes sense...
This lineup is awful wtf are you doing brad
FUCK THESE REFS DAMN 
#fuck the refs
This Mavs shooting is fucking insane...
Bruh wtf is going on 
i admit i know very little about the intricacies of managing lineups but this feels like the sort of game that tatum should be playing like 38 mins no? let him get the reps
WTF IS THIS LINEUP BRAD?!!
This just goes to show how much less bullshit the Celtics play during the game compared to other arenas.
I have to admit that the loss of Jaylen leaves a hole on defense. Fucking Barnes. 
THANK MR FUCKING THEIS
I missed Mike and Tommy in that duration. Now I'm back to missing Jaylen :(
We are shooting really bad tonight
Mad Brad
What a God awful call.
These refs want this game close it seems. Smh
Scary.
#[SCARY TERRY BITCH](https://imgur.com/Wnhczcg) 
HE'S SPOOKY! HE'S SCARY! HE'S TERRY! 
THE LITTLE GUY!
I WANT A GAME BALL AUTOGRAPHED BY TOMMY
Kyrie is such a crazy finisher I am in disbelief at least three times a game watching him drive to the hoop
FUCK IT THE EARTH IS FLAT
SCARY
Fuck you Wesley hahahahahaha salty AF
Why you gotta ruin your 3pt% like that tatum :(
We get it, GE. Girls can do stuff. Please stop ramming this minute long ad down our throats 30 times per game.
Why the fuck is nader on the court
Marcus wtf was that.
Holy shit all the +/- talk aside smart is painful to watch at times
Larkin....awareness = negative a million
Refs now fucking Dallas ... I hate this.  Can't they just call a good game?
this is why wr need to use the DPE.  incredibly thin to the point we're playing Nader.  JFC
When will the game start god damn
GOD DAMN THAT BEAT FUCKING SLAPS 
Kyrie is fucking ridiculous.
That's absurd
Am I wrong saying Jayson Tatum's worst case career would be similar to Harrison Barnes? Crazy how much Barnes is getting paid
Theis sets 17 illegal screens a game
Ugly quarter 
Terrible stretch for larkin
Yabu :(
Wtf is Brad doing?
Jesus Larkin wtf was that
Wtf is happening
I miss Gerald :/
Smart isnt in it tonight poor def bad shooting and a few to he needs to get his shit together
holy shit Nader you really hate passing
These guys are fucking draining 3's
^This ^is not fine
Not even gonna feel bad about Barnes.  That shit is sick.
Ugly ass game 
I'm sorry when did Showtime come east?
Give me a fucking break ref!!!!
Theis got bailed out there.  Some ugly offense the last 2 shots.
Come on guys.  This is the worst team in the West.  
Legend has it the Mask thrives in the 4th quarter and is said to give its holder an unlimited supply of ice cold fluid in his veins. 
How the fuck Kyrie... How...
SCARY TERRY
Man I hate it when they wear colored shoes with the white accessories they look ugly as hell 
Don't say anything bad about smart tho.. his fan boys will hold on to that 3 game stretch of him playing slightly above average for the rest of the season
Nader is going to heat up some game and decimate all in his path...it does not look like today is that day. 
Cunt, what was the spread on this game
I hate when players take advantage of these useless seconds and shoot. The Celtics are being polite and wasting their last possession.
This kid sucks.
JJ Barea is so nasty
Larkin just really sucks
BEEN SAYING IT ALL YEAR: THIS TEAM HAS A SERIOUS FUCKING LAYUP PROBLEM
Can we start playing with some urgency, come on Celtics for fuck sake
Kyrie keeps drifting to the side on his corner 3s.  Ugly as fuck
I'm a Nader hater. Well, sports hate anyway.
Yes Brad please keep Kyrie on the bench until they catch us. Same fucking shit every game.
I hate nader a ballhog who doesnt play any defense
Kyrie is officially Phil Pressey now

-KYRIE OMFG YES ... KYRIE WTF NO
Fuck Shane Larkin....my god.
Hate to say it but I’m done with Marcus Smart. Dude is just too inconsistent it’s infuriating 
Trying not to worry but Kyrie looked like dog shit at the end of this half.  Maybe learn to pass Kyrie!
came here to check that i'm not going crazy

The fuck you eating those nasty ass vegan burritos for in the first place...
What an awful fucking call.
Wtf this is weird
The worst was they cut out right before AB pistons entrance the night he returned
Yeah. He is fucking horrible.
That boy needs to be taught the Celtics way. Hitting open 3s smh, who the fuck does he think he's playing for?!
We gave them a bunch of wide open 3s. Basically terrible help defense and helping off guys they shouldn't. 
Wtf, saying what?
wtf is wrong with them?
I like seeing our end of benchers play :( 
Fuck this comment had me laughing 😂 
Disgusting?
Dion Waiters murdered us that game :(
Spread was Celtics -8 too fuck that noise
I don't think I've ever heard of him either, it's really weird
Not even close, don't you start with recency bias now! We've had at least 5 worse halves
No love for Yabu?
Ik this is like a weird ass dream. The play on court kinda matches it too. 
RUINING OUR DEFENSIVE RATING WHAT THE FUCK I'M SO MAD HAHAHAHA
This is one of those "HAHAHAH FUCK YOU NBA OUR TURN TO RAIN THREES, HOW DOES IT FEEL"
Some article recently said a slumping player's stats would "regress to the mean;" is "progress to the mean" not an accepted term? It should be.
Ya the fuck was that....
Tired of getting just a taste. 
kyrie was shit-talking giannis and bledsoe all game 
Replaced by some douche from Connecticut fucking around in his basement.
Yea that Alley-Oop was insane. Larkin's pass was awful but Theis smashed it anyway. Sick.
Semi block, Larkin drive and kickout to Nader, to Yabu for 3. Game.
They literally hit 5 threes in a row and we had Larkin brick 5 shots in a row (IN A ROW BY HIMSELF) before 2nd unit made any shots. They also got some dude who blocks shots like a mad man, ironically he's also 25 and also German... like Theis
Those usually the scorers? Havent faced an elite scoring PG since Lowry who was bottled up by D.
Barnes put 31 on us last game too. He is taking advantage of the switches when he has a point guard on him.

I feel like Harris was just stupid hot that Detroit game. A lot of his looks came off of that jackson-drummond pick n roll. 

Giannis is just a monster and booker was hitting a ton of tough shots.
If by yay you mean 'fuck life' then I agree 
He was trying to draw a foul. But yeah it was still ugly. 
r/nbastreams is where i watch all of our games. Velocityraps usually 
And Ginobili. I can't bring myself to hate that dude
this lineup sucks
Hollow man is at the game?
We played the majority of the game with our bench.
It doesn't help when everyone on the team defers to Kyrie except for fucking Abdel Nader 
Fucked up his eye somehow.
Did you forget the charlotte game? Larkin is the homie. 
It's a game against Mavs and we are missing Brown and Morris... Why not?
Kirk kept saying that she's horrible at her job and a bumbling + giggling idiot.
Kirk kept saying that she's horrible at her job and a bumbling + giggling idiot.
I didn't say they were wrong to. 
We need some thugs out there just holding tire irons.  Fuck this shit.
He sucks as basketball and when he is out there is just constantly jacks up awful shots.

That's at least why I dislike him.
Lowry is not trying to score like past seasons.  The Raps have adopted ball movement since losing to us which is keeping them up there in the conference.  But I find Celts don't have problems with PGs.  We have to be worried though, because LeBron is a SF/PF/PG.  
Just joking, I would probably do worse.
Dad are you drunk? :/
The awkward moment when there's 3 Germans on the floor and they're all 7 foot blondes whiter than polar bears
It's not tasty :(
I'd be worse, 10401204014%. 
Yeah... I was hoping Semi or Yabu would replace him in the "guard anybody, shoot 3s" department, but both of them are god awful when open from 3. 
I mean yeah, he's either an idiot or a huge troll or both, but trying to use DSJ's performance tonight as an example of the draft class being stacked is especially idiotic.
Two points, multiple awful shots, atrocious defense.

I know guys down at my local Y that are better than Larkin.
This is normal. Part of the benefit of having a boot instead of a cast is you can take it off. It'll be removed when he showers, rehabs, or just for comfort on occasion. He'll still wear it when moving around, sleeping, or any time he's in a less controlled environment (like if he attends a home game).

It's not necessarily a good or bad sign. It just is.
Impossible the /r/bostoceltics internet docs just told me this couldn’t be the case 
So does this mean he walks around on crutches with an unprotected ankle or is there something under the boot that protects his ankle 
The Celtics announced a month ago that he is already ruled out for this seaaon. This link should be fucking stickied so we can all stop talking about it. 


https://www.nba.com/amp/league/article/2017/11/01/boston-celtics-forward-gordon-hayward-rules-out-return-2017-18

"No it's not, this clearly means that Gordon will be out AT LEAST until Christmas 2020, if not the rest of his basketball career. I am his doctor, please stop spreading false information and setting unrealistic expectations for poor Gordon" - MarvinBagleylll
I'd recommend not reading it.  It's depressing.  I'm just sick of getting grief for having concern about Hayward's future.  
I had to miss the last two games because of school, and now my dude isn't playing when I finally get to watch??

:(
Reporter: Jaylen can you give us any indication as to what caused the inflamed eye?

Jaylen: it’s ass eatin season wtf u want from me
Of course. Does that mean they never made any mistakes ever?  There's this weird cult on this sub where any type critique is shunned due to this supposed cloak of inerrancy
What if he’s terrible with money though?
Yeah? I don't see anything wrong with that.
Any list that has Ball above Kuzma is trash. But yeah #2 is correct, unfortunately based on the fact that Simmons is eligible.
No matter Tatums insane efficiency, if Mitchell keeps scoring 20+ a game he's finishing second.  Voters love points per game
Ugh, thank you. Wasn't trying to throw shade, just pointing out what was "wrong with that" part of the article.
107 days. It's gonna be crazy G.
Cast on, 

fuck it cast off
Mechanical keyboard...this man is serious
Destiny 2? Recently threw in the towel on this game after their "DLC". Sad to see a franchise totally melt down like that.
Leave me be spawn I must game 
Kyrie version:

Mask on,

Fuck it mask off!!! (Literally his second game wearing it)
Cast on fuck it cast off?
I've been sayin though! It's gonna be crazy, G.
All I'm saying is... Maybe no more alley-oops for like 5-10 years. 
Honestly, it's not a great one. 
Franchise meltdown? It's been terrible since the first release
Fuck. I needed this. 
How is this fucking loser not banned already
Fuck off troll, he'll be practising before the playoffs begin THIS season
LarBrd33 is a fucking idiot. Whenever someone disagrees with him re: hayward, he just posts his bogus tibia fracture website and acts like he's a know it all doctor.
He's probably basing his time table off of 1970s era medicine or is just trolling in a weird way.
Yeah broke it in August and was back for the past 2 football games in November. I should have waited until basketball season instead of coming back for two games though because my conditioning was terrible until the end of December but if I spent those two weeks doing conditioning work it would have been a non issue. 
I also had torn ligaments, a broken fibula in addition to a broken tibia, broken metatarsals in my foot and a crushed growth plate. 
Yep you hit the nail on the head. Then he tells you you're an idiot if you think he can play the opnener next year. I by no means am one of the fans who thinks he'll be back on '3/23 👀', I think he's done for the year. But to say he's going to he out 18-24 months, with nothing behind it and citing bogus websites, is beyond asinine. 

> I hate LeBron

Wanna be friends?

with a nasty ass bench
It's crazy to have these types of convos considering that Chris Babb was in the lineup not too long ago
Alright ya got me there, completely missed that part my bad
I feel like his game will age well
A handful on weak teams 9/10 times
What a stupid take.
When you look at these numbers, you could make the argument that Jayson's *already* an All-Star. 

The raw counting numbers (i.e. simple per game averages) aren't eye-popping because of the Celtics' egalitarian style of play/the presence of vets like Kyrie, Horf and Morris and a second-year breakout in Jaylen -- but those are star numbers if you understand basketball. 
Holy shit...that would be insane
Kyrie averaged 35.9 points per 100 possessions last season, he's averaging 37.0 points per 100 now -- 44.6 points in past 9 games.

C's play with lower pace, Kyrie's fewer minutes, and 0/0/0 game vs Hornets getting knocked out in 1st Q lower per game stats.
Went to a Celtics game last year alone. Bought tickets to the Rockets game for my brother and me for Christmas. Naturally, he gets wicked sick the day of the game. Asked around to see if anyone was available to go with me, nobody was, I said fuck it and went alone.

Felt weird at first. However, the refs were god awful that game, so because the crowd was so unified that night, I ended up befriending a lot of the people sitting around me. Totally forgot I went alone at that point.

Went to a couple of Sixers games alone during the worst of the Process years. That wasn't a big deal to me, since nobody was really at the game anyways. 
I work for the team so I'm at every home game. If you're ever headed in alone and want someone to talk hoop with, hit me up.
I've had 1 season ticket for years. Nothing wrong with going alone.
I'm going tonight too. Want to meet up for a few drinks before the game?
I went to game 6 of the 2012 ECF and the warriors game 2 years ago by myself. If you’re anything like me, you would appreciate the chance to be a part of the atmosphere without having to think about the buddy you’re going with at all. 
I'm a Celtics fan in Vegas and already bought the tickets to go to my first Golden Knights NHL game alone of course, so I know what you're saying. In my case though alone is life and I don't even have the option to ask any friends to go :'( woe is me
I just got into watching the celtics this year and none of my friends care about them. I was debating going to the Cetics/Warriors game but eventually decided against it and man do I regret that decision. I'm looking into going to the game against the Rockets now.
I haven't gone to a game yet this season, but the last few seasons I've gone by myself.
I live out in Chicago (moved here 2 years ago) and I'm going to the game by myself on Monday.  Never gone to a game alone before but I wanna see my team! 
Were you the dude in maroon shirt and vest waving behind Kyrie during his post game interview?
That Houston game had some of the worst officiating I've ever seen
Don't fans at football games usually have designated sections to sit? That would make camaraderie easier. But yeah, I found it weird at my first NBA game where fans of both affiliations sat anywhere.
One time I snuck a rotisserie chicken into a movie.
How do you sneak it in if you're going alone?  We usually use the purse of some girl in our group.
Floor seats for tonight's game range from $289 - $1,200. I can afford... $75.. Maybe... I might have to have carrots for dinner for a few days
What if you're self employed? :(
At least ask her how she got that name
Sat there for the suns too and it was like 170. Going to the Knicks game at msg on 12/21 and it's 170 to sit in the 400s
He was a knicks fan and Carmelo was going off at the time.  He was hoping people would start shit with him.  It’s a long story and despite it getting taken care of, it was still annoying as shit. 
Did they base that Boondocks episode on you?
Sideline balcony, my man. Sideline balcony. Weekday game? $50-$80.
Close! I put it in a backpack.

The people behind me were sniffing and I heard one say, "I....is that chicken?" to someone.
Sat up there for the Warriors game
Had the time of my life 
Hmmm. Booker's injury. The Suns looks worse. Unlucky for us.
[MO FUCKING BAMBA](https://gfycat.com/PopularSharpHusky)
fuck
Holy fuck..
Did you watch the Teas VCU game? Bamba gets after it. 
Leave it to A. Sherrod to spell homie wrong
Kyrie has ice in his veins like Kobe, but not that anger.
Stupid thing to say 
Yeah confidence in your all-star ability is so stupid. 
Ill go ahead and assume that 1 on 1 never happened...
Albeit Jaylen is athletic as anyone in the league, I would give him a 9.3 or 9.5, because he isn’t insanely, mind bogglingly athletic like Shannon Brown, Gerald Green, Stromile Swift or KJ McDaniels.
Are you serious? Explain why.
Are you including Hayward?  Otherwise I'm confused
Reports were saying that he shot terribly during his workout with us. Lonzo and Jackson didn't want to workout with us either because of other agenda and Tatum was the guy that wasn't a stretch at number 3
Fultz shot terribly in all of his workouts
Let's play a game of where's Markelle? 
Nader is average!!!!!
Hint: he's hiding behind a Celtic
Yo, I'm blind in my left eye. Who are talking about here?
Holy shit! We dodged some bullets. 
eh I like our roster. perhaps my dislike of KD wouldn't exist if he had come here though. Fuck KD.
It's all Tommy's fault. Way back when he was the head of the players' association he rammed free agency down the League's throat by calling a strike vote on the eve of the all-star game. Now we have players *choosing* who they want to play with and where they want to be. Shocking!
If we could have had KD over Hayward we'd be insane
Why do you hate KD so much?
🐍

I don't hate him I just prefer our roster atm, than what it would have been with KD.
KD definitely cares about people's hate, to the point where he uses fake accounts to defend himself. 
Go back and read my comment. I said he is essentially meaningless UNTIL THE FINALS

For 5 games in a 100 game season he matters... congrats
Do you hate ray Allen?
I do. Fuck ray Allen 
What’s your point? I never said he was in a bad sitution... the thunder were lit and shoulda beat the warriors that season


> "This is gonna be an awful defensive team"

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuFpPOeHOv4

Fuck. Outta. Here.
god I hate nba.com so much. Could you just, like, write down a description of the play on a rag, put it in a bottle, and throw it into the ocean for me?
We talk about the comparison a lot, but his slowed down composure, the base of his jump shot, and that one dribble to the side remind me a lot of Pierce.
I don't feel bad at all. they got paid millions of bucks to do physical therapy.... If I get hurt at work and it's a 5 year fight and 400,000 pages of paperwork to get them to pay the bill.  
I'm a Celtics fan dumbass. 

Just because I can keep a sane mind and not be deluded by homerism doesn't mean I'm less of a fan
Who the fuck posts ESPN insider???
Literally got fucking butterflies reading this. I’m *waaaayyyyyy* too invested into this sport, Jesus Christ.
The statement above is one I can get behind!
Don't put that evil on us
This is the kinda shit I'm here for. Fuck lonzo and the Lakers LOLOLOL 
Call all the Balls just go away? The whole NBA-kardashian thing is disgusting 
Poor guy, lets give it a season or 2 before we shit all over him. 
How stupid we all were to be so mad lol.
He's almost got Belichick level trust at this point, it's crazy
Do you intentionally wander over to a Celtics thread to post nonsense in an attempt to validate reaching for one of the worst statistical shooters of all time?
You've never been murdered? I find that hard to believe... do you have proof?
Man. 

Fuck.
Love IT.  Business is cruel.  
Man if we dont get past the cavs , im going to cheer like crazy for him to get a ring , isaiah is that dude.
How sick would it be to have a "King in the 4th" chant when he comes back
You should fuck off mate
I think Kyrie has to be the QB. Think about all those bootleg scrambles/improv type plays
Y’all are crazy kyrie would be a dope slot receiver
You have a Raptors flair on r/nba and you come in trolling using the word “we.” That’s sad. 
Yea I lost my shit too! It's basically an All-Guard lineup. Crazy 
Idk. I’d be disappointed if that’s the lineup brad goes to to close out Cleveland, wouldn’t you?
I already told you I’m done, fuck off.
I counted a total of 373 bored moms
FUCK THE LAKERS
Unfortunately the Lakers have banned the media from speaking to Lavar at home games. Wonder if this affects our chances of converting the pick. 
There are 5 blue-chippers in this draft (apparently... although if it stays that way is yet to be seen), and it would be HUGE if the Lakers finished in the bottom 5. Even if they are #6, that would massively reduce our chances of retaining the pick.

**Odds of the pick being #2-5:**

* Lakers as worst team: 75.0%
* Lakers as 2nd worst team: 80.1%
* Lakers as 3rd worst team: 80.4%
* Lakers as 4th worst team: 70.9%
* Lakers as 5th worst team: 46.5%
* Lakers as 6th worst team: **15.2%**
* Lakers as 7th worst team: 10.7%
* Lakers as 8th worst team: 7.2%

Luckily the Kings look pretty terrible and will be near the top of the draft in 2019 if the Lakers pick doesn't convey, and with the new lottery odds it works in our favor if they are a bottom 3 team (which is likely).
I want bagley so bad, he is just so athletic 
It was also pretty brutal for the Nets to finish 3rd worst in 2016 and worst in 2017 despite having no incentive to tank. 
Have you checked out Lakers upcoming schedule this month? They might not win a game til 2018
Kings, Mavs, Hawks, and Bulls are behind the Lakers no doubt.   Probably also the Suns.  Even if the Lakers end up with the sixth worth worst record, it's only like a 15% chance of conveying

It's going to take all the luck for this pick to convey
The game against Duke he showed really bad awareness.

Made some bad shots down the stretch, including a contested 3 in the corner early in the shot clock when they were up 1 or 2.
Mavs are too talented to finish  as one of the worst records in the league.  Lakers could easily be worse than the kings mavs hawks and whoever else.  Outside of Ingram and kuzma who will hit the rookie wall that team is terrible. 
I would be *shocked* if Dallas finished bottom 3. They're not that bad and they have a great coach. They've had a tough schedule and they've started to climb out of it - all without Seth Curry.
Elo has them at 21, they're 26th in net rating. 


Bottom 3 seems unlikely unless they tank outright. 



They started like ass and finished 9th worst last year. 
He's a 4 in the NBA  and a small ball 5. Asking him to play 30 plus minutes at the 5 he'll end up hurt. 
Holy shit, I did not know that had happened. hahahaha thats nonsense.

I agree with your point on the whole though, but if the Hawks end up outside the worst 4 records this year I will be shocked
The Kings and Hawks are definitely worse I'd say
Their are no minutes for okafor that shouldn’t be going to theis and he’s not a good rebounder so don’t think that helps this years team at all 
Scary Chum. 
Well yeah, you can't shoot 9.8 shots in a game
I cant tell if this is a shit post or just a plain dumb post
Seems like a warrior is getting ejected every game now. Kerr needs to keep his guys in line 
Whoever wouldn't want Durant in the C's should stop drinking the hateraid and wake the fuck up
When framed like this, it's hard to argue against it!
I've seen lots of dumb post this is up there as one of the worst ones.
I think the league has noticed a drastic increase in Durants anger. After getting into a yelling match with Westbrook and his 3 ejections. He's angry that people still hate him even tho he's a champion. 

Too bad Durant 

Yous a bitch
Yep fuck KD and their mouth breathing mascot Draymond 
Those rumors were false though. I remember the wet blanket somebody threw and said the C's never inquired about Cousins because Stevens doesn't want him, then after the trade another Tweet saying Kings never got a call from the C's at all. Then they asked Danny about the biggest regret at the deadline and he said "missing out on Noel"
I mean we all did, didn't we? 
Thing is, he doesn't say any profanities. I hate Draymond but you gotta give it to him, he doesn't swear directly at them, he doesn't waive his hand at them, doesn't do any of the shit that's not in the codebook. Dude studied NBA ruleset so he could keep screaming at refs and being an influence on them. 
League fucked. Pack it up boys.
That fuck you 3 at the end...
jesus fuck that 3 from Kyrie at the end was spicy
I swear Kyrie was exported from NBA Street or something, dude is a video game character.
Sad I thought tatum would hit 30 this game
#Al Horford, Who art in Boston, Hallowed be Thy Game; 
THEY SAID TATUM COULDNT SHOOT. THEY SAID AL WAS AVERAGE. THEY WERE WRONG.
Here's a reminder that the Celtics traded up to pick Kelly fucking Olynyk over Giannis. Dear lord.
I haven't checked out the minutes but it felt like Giannis was overused and exhausted by the end of it. No chance with the Celtics matching his scoring bursts.
Horford was absolutely insane in the 4th Q
anyone got a replay of that late Kyrie 3 trying to JO here
Lakers tied with Memphis for the 5th worse record.
Yo don't hate on Brogdon
Bucks are the worst rebounding team in the league, our length is no use on grabbing boards :(
Milwaukee go dick in the butts for them after I watch Kyrie Irving down town. The game is a seal!!
Fuck it, mask off
Donavan Mitchell is hard not to root for
You're just mad they didn't give you the gold
It was a fuck you I want 30+ pts 3
Can you imagine if Lebron hadn't made Cleveland trade that pick... 

Jesus that would be scary.
jayson with the gouda game
WOOP MUTHA FUCKING WOOP BITCH ASS MOTHEFUCKERS.
Shame you guys gave up Monroe. I felt like he was a game changer for you guys. 
soooooooooooo dirty
Yeah the kid is 19. What crap were you talking about with your friends when you were 19? 
He could be using the slash instead of the dash  It means 1.5makes/3.0attemps per game 
They might be referring to the 1.5-3.0. It means 1.5 3-pointers made out of 3 attempts per game. 
You aren't crazy they definitely should. Write them maybe they'll make it for you. 
Ugh is it bad that I'm upset that's going to affect his 3P%
THEIS CAN DO FUCKING EVERYTHING!!!! I TOLD YOU
Y’all ready for the hottest of pessimistic takes from /u/3ITKH the second something bad ever happens this game? 
#AM I TAKING CRAZY PILLS OR DO WE HAVE THE NEXT CURRY?
Halftime show is fucking lit
it's annoyingly noticeable how Giannis gets a ton of calls ever since the NBA decided he is the next big thing.
giannis gets every no call and jaylen fouls out in 2 min for bs calls fuck these refs
Ahh yes it is that time for the refs to make it a game again 
Brad calling a timeout with 3 seconds left in the half to run a play. What a fucking show-off.
I'm not sure what would have happened if he had made that shot... It would have been messy, though.
Jayson Tatum calls pump fake side-step threes "wide-open shots"
Ah fuck if the Bucks score again 3ITKH might show up
Can we all join each other in prayer that Reggie miller isn’t commentating for this game
Fucking refs....
**THIS IS OFFICIALLY THE TATUM GAME**
FUCKING JAYSON TATUM IS A FUCKING MONSTER OMFG!!!!!
Brad Stevens ATO, League Fucked.
Mondays suck, thank god we have a Celtics game. 
Off-topic, but since this is pre-game, I miss Jimmy G :(
Tatum you are so filthy 
tatum got me hard
FUCK IT MASK OFF
FUCKING BULLSHIT CALL ON JAYLEN WTF
Wow Giannis gets the wackest fucking calls/non calls
Whoever says Tatum is due to regress is wrong. He will shoot 50% from 3 this year, 60% next year, and hopefully by year 3 we will see a jump in production and he'll by my calculations hit 100% of his 500 3 point attempts in 2020
#not a fun game when jaylen isnt scoring and throwing down dunks
Weak ass calls, this is ridiculous 
#ALL IN FAVOR OF HAVING TATUM SHOOT 20 TIMES A GAME SAY AYE
Can we just do this every game with Tatum? k thx bye
Reggie Miller so mad rn
These refs are absolutely terrible. 
Greece night or not, this has got to be one of the worst half time performances in the history of professional sports
Baynes is in the game but still on the bench. You know what I'm saying?
Brad be like "dis game too ez, lemme throw out some troll team comps n see"
Here come the fucking the refs. Kyrie gets FOULED and then they call that? Fuck this. 
HOLY SHIT Kyrie Fucking Irving is on our team 
How the fuck was that an offensive foul
I hate to be that guy complaining about refs but what fuck is going on
I hate bad Jaylen games. But it also means he’s due to score 26 points on 5/7 shooting from 3 soon.
Fuck yes Baynes, don't let him dunk that horseshit.
...............TATUM WTF
Not fair Tatum
I feel bad but I kinda forgot Hayward is on our team
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS HALFTIME SHOW
wtf was that layup by Giannis omg
What the FUCK giannis. That dunk looked crazy
Well that was a very ugly few possessions. Were lucky Giannis wasnt in the game for that stretch he probably would have capitalized. 
kyrie is unfair
WTF KYRIE!
Kyrie that was NASTY...
Going to my first game in over 5 years lets fucking go!!!!
Tatum be like: "Who the fuck is Curry"?
These refs are an embarrassment wtf?
One single takeaway so far: FUCK THE REFS!!!!!!!!!
What was that stat Mike said earlier? Celtics are 10-0 when Baynes plays 20+ minutes??

Cause thats fucking nuts
Fucking superstar call bullshit
Death, taxes, Baynes hitting his awkward left handed hook shot
Bucks end the game with 95 points while shooting 84/110 from the line.
HOLY SHIT I CANNOT HELP BUT LAUGH AT THESE FUCKING GIANNIS CALLS THIS IS RIDICULOUS
Holy shit is that legit mick foley?!
Fuck these refs
NBA sucking Giannis' dick real hard huh
Get Morris out of the damn game. 
fuck these refs
Kyrie Irving is ridiculous.
Who’s containing Kyrie worse: the refs or the bucks?
Man, they always cut off the player intros :(
I hate late tip offs until I’m running late getting home 
At least baynes takes it like a man
I feel bad for Baynes being help on Giannis, but massive respect to that dude for always contesting.
Refs are keepimg the Bucks in the game..
Holy fuck
So Tatum is untouchable right? Danny plz :(
It’s like we have Drexler in Brown and Pierce in Tatum.... crazy times 
Imagine if we drafted Fultz and the sixers took Tatum.


It's scary to think about.  Praise Danny. 
im hard as a theis cube 
What a game for Theis!!!
HORF'S JUMPER IS WET AS FUCK!
J Kidd must be drunk. Barring the refs they're down 20+ here. 
I've been sick of Tatum getting that call for months.
I hate Giannis and it's not his fault 
Kyrie you silly
How’d kyrie make that wtf
WE GOT THIS. Holy shit this game is mad long.
WTF is this, the all-star game?
Tatum is in the game!!
Kyrie just does shit at the end of the game.. Cant stop him.
MASK ON FUCK IT MASK OFF
**KYRIE IS THE FUCKING MAN**
the worst part about losing that Detroit game last week is the Celtics can't have a 28-3 record. It's not fair.
THEIS COMING IN TO GAME!!!!
Kyrie 50 point game tonight
Horford always initiating and getting mad assists 1st Q especially
Tough to get calls at home everybody knows this 
This is just getting rude
Baynes ain't fucking scared!!
Fuck Jason Kidd
Tatum is fucking sp00ky
NASTY EURO STEP
Frightening terry!!
Rozier floats around the court. He seriously looks like he’s on ice skates out there
SCARY T3RRY!
Oh fuck
Refs keep fucking over Jaylen.
JAYLEN BROWN IS NASTY!
KYRIE IRVING IS BAD AT DEFENSE!!!!!!11
Rex Burkhead sitting behind Brad?
What a horrible possession by Smart
That was weird

Gonna be weird seeing Kyrie play without the mask
That was not all ball Tommy common haha..hey hit him across the face.
Holding for a L E N G T H Y game from our L O N G B O I
I'm choosing to believe that Tatum and Shrewsbury were watching Rick and Morty clips on that laptop.  Maybe some scary terry. 
I hate how fucking long they are
Kyrie is in attack mode early. Bucks are fucked.
This game gonna get chippy imo
Fucking bogus
I hate refs.
Jaylen bad foul :(
#BROWN HAS THREE FOULS FUCK
That was a dumb foul, Jaylen.
Ooh shit Al mad!
Angry Al is in the building. 
Brown with 3 PF's already? [Wtf Refs](https://gfycat.com/JauntySilverFrigatebird)
We’re running plays for Tatum, league fucked
OH FUCK OFF
shove that dick in that mouf baynes! NO EASY SHIT
Jayson Tatum is nasty
EAT UP BAYNES LETS FUCKING GO
this game might break the 100 FT game between 76ers and Wiz last week
Bucks look terrible, we would be up by 15 if it wasn't for bs fouls 
Oh shit JT!!!
Lmfaooo bro wtf is this 
SCARY TERRY ABOUT TO FUCK SHIT UP!!!
Snell is a weird looking dude
Dudes Jayson Tatum is the fuckin shit and he plays for us. We're in for years of awesomeness! 
Theis hasn’t disappointed me once from what I can remember the dude is so niiiiiiice 
Defense this game 👌👌👌
Let's resume..... The Tatum Game. 
Yo wtf we are KILLING it tonight 
Lame call
Fuck you ref 
Guys I couldn't watch the first half, what happened to my boy Jaylen :((((
that's some fucking bullshit...
Damn he looks locked the fuck in
FUCKING COUNT THAT 282773733X
NASTY -- *aww boo call
THROW THAT DOWN JAYLEN!!!
HOW THE FUCK DID THAT TAKE AWAY A BASKET!!!!
That fucking 'oop just ignited the fuego in Kyrie 
Leave that poor rim alone Jaylen
So how weird would it be to have a framed photo of abby chin in my kitchen?
wtf they can't miss now
LOCK HIM DOWN MAHCUS!!!!!!
THIS FUCKING TEAM!!!!
Fuck sakes Giannis
FUCK IT MASK OFF 
Kyrie plays on Rookie difficulty. He is just ridiculous. 
I hope Jaylen doesn't have a terrible game like last time. I want to see him and Jayson play well today. 
It was not a clean block Tommy, i'm sorry.  
Brutal stretch by Marcus...
Tatum leading 3pt shooting % makes me hard. THATS MY ROOKIE!
Rebounding has won us the game
Any places where I can watch the game in NYC?
Hate when games are on nba tv. League pass blackouts for nba tv broadcasts is so weak
God damn Giannis looks scary but we got this
Why does NBC insist on reminding me about the London game that was too bloody expensive?
Kyrie is not fair
Baynes already having himself a game
Wtf
Bad play by Jaylen there... He bits on pump fakes a bit too much...
Did anyone else feel sad when Tommy called IT “the little guy” just now?
Weak refs 
Anteto$%*$mpo is becoming increasingly annoying now... fuck him!
Chippy game
Tatum just doesn’t miss 3’s wtf 
No easy shots
Yo fuck Giannis 
I'll say it once and I'll say it again. Tatum should be taking 20 shots a game, minimum. This kid can baaallllllllllllll
Smart made a shot we lost :(
SiCk ALLEY
again Morris wtf
Stupid question but why wasn't that offensive goaltending by Theis?
SCARY TERRY!
Scary terry bitch
Ugh I hate middleton
Fuck yeah!
FUCK YES!!!!
MAN, WHAT A HALF!
My LP cut out and I missed what happened after the Kyrie tip :(
Wtf is Jordan doing on the Parquet today?
I want to see a Theis/Baynes lineup so bad. 
Fuck snails
Fuck not smart
Terrible end to the quarter thanks to the refs
Wtf is this halftime show???
Just started watching this game. Someone please give me a game summary in three sentences or less. Who knows you might just get a Fake News Trophy!
ohhhh shit!
Alright Jaylen, get into the game!
Giannis is insane with a head of steam
But steals are meaningless! 
Giannis is unfair fuck me
holy fuck
Fuck yeah, Celtics!
Go Bengals! Oops wrong thread 
I hate Giannis so much
Fuck Barbra Streisand.
What's the score?
Edit: don't downvote me I'm in a stupid Manhattan bar and they're showing the Knicks post game ffs
I hate when Marcus flops like that
Snell is one ugly dude 
Well looks like Jaylen's going to have a bad game. Oh well. 
Got a bad feeling about this :(
Anyone remember when he said terry rozier was the worst player that gets minutes in the NBA?
I still think he's secretly a Lakers fan. I bet he has 2 pairs on Lonzo's shoes. 
I’d let Jayson Tatum kiss me on the lips while fucking my girlfriend 
Ya it's hard not seeing him on the sidelines for 5 seconds a game 
Where has he been lately?  Hopefully he's moved to r/BostonBruins.  They need him; down 4-0 to Nashville.
Yeah it reminded me of Curry fucking with Gortat 
The "Invading Infidels" that usually chase them offstage broke down on Storrow.
What sucks is based on the NBA criteria, that 3 isn't counted as clutch.  LeBron still leads by 1.
We're due for a bullshit foul call game I guess. 
What is how to get Tommy hard?
He was at the game against the Nets in Brooklyn too!
These last couple games he's been running the point like a fucking boss 
Kidd is a bad coach. He has no clue what to do.
His useage is insane. It actually annoys me and I’m not even a Bucks fan. 
So weird people think refs give the home team the calls?
Every game we memorize opponents seems like we are evolving 
He might foul Giannis, but he ain't gonna get on no top 10 bullshit.
Duh
I dig it, his tattoo is pretty sick
Had a stupid face
Which is why he should be DQd for the award. They don’t redo game just cause someone missed them. 
All the fucking time.
It's hard not to fouls him, probably hacking, some reputation calls
He probably chirped the official after that crappy call on him on the pick and then no-call as he took a hard hit off a pick at the other end.
"Celtics Legend" Leon Powe FUCK YEAH
refs hate jaylen
You mean arm?
But seriously. Go Bengals.
Wrong. He's a man among animals.
He was really just frustrated by those calls.  Not fair at all, refs fcked up.
I didn't say he's a bad player. He just seems idk out of place? With the rest of the offense a lot of times
Huh.  Weird
At least three guys were open behind the arc tho
shit u right, I missed that game sadly. disregard me comment
My bad.
I don't see us paying over $10mil was my point sorry... Someone will pay above that
Our team is so fucking stacked. Still can’t believe he fell to us!
No trace of any rozier merch that i can find :(
Brad's worst nightmare.
He's neither a playmaker or floor spacer... hard pass considering the package needed to acquire him. 

From an NBA fan standpoint I'd love to see him on the Bucks. If they send Brogdon and Henson to LA they're lineup would consist of Bledsoe, Middleton, Giannis, Jabari and Jordan which would be nasty. 
Nasty how? In 2k?
Rockets are number 1. Kinda agree they have been on fire lately.
Fuck ESPN. 

Fake news. 
I mean, I hate the Cavs as much as anyone but they have been filthy lately. Power rankings are indicative of that week. 
A title? We stand no chance in the Finals against the Warriors without Hayward. We beat them in Boston but in 7 game series, just no. Not even debatable.
The most reflective shooting stat for college players is FT% and his is very bad. 
61% is not that bad for a center
I (sorta) disagree. Ainge's FAV draft prospect is a guy who can get down and dirty on the defensive end, guard multiple positions, and "is working on his shot" on the offensive end. 
There's 144 minutes for the three wings, that would give them all four wings 36 minutes per game. Just sayin'
 They don't have to be the worst team for us to get it. Being between the third worst and sixth worse are pretty solid odds.
By SRS (aka taking into account SOS and point differential), the Lakers are the 5th worst team, with the Bulls, Suns, Kings and Hawks being worse.
Can you imagine the Lakers finishing with the 5th worst record?  The lotto would be fucking insane.  I have had Philly as the wildcard Bron destination since summer.   Even without that, Boston and Philly are positioned as two eastern conference juggernauts.  I also hear this draft is another possible amazing one. 

As they counted down the picks, if any single team leapfrogs into the the top 3, Philly would get the #6 pick.  

If they count down the picks and we don't see it come up at #5, both Philly and Boston collectively have a heart attack, because we know either they are getting the #1 pick or we are getting the #2/#3 pick.  

It would be fucking nuts.  I'm getting anxiety just thinking about it. 
I usually look at reviews with pictures
I mean, those are all facts.
I’ve had the blessing saved in my phone since I saw it.

He blessed Jaylen Brown SPECIFICALLY FOR A FUCKING REASON.


I’m just worried he blesses the 76ers and Knicks too.
I think he's a Warriors fan but I could be wrong
Worst thing ever read here.

Couldn't go past line 4. 
Doesnt matter when does harden show up in a playoff game anyways
The amount of disastrous luck my fantasy football team got this year was statistically impossible. 
Can we stage a riot against the Lakers subreddit just for the fuck of it? like an organized time?
Still lied, fuck him
The lower bowl seats have a checkerboard pattern because your eyes don't read it as empty even when it's empty.  

If I remember right, they changed to the checkerboard pattern during the Tim Duncan Tankathon effort when attendance was terrible.
It was bad in the 70s with Sidney Wicks and Curtis Rowe.
One question, was Pitino the worst thing that ever happened to the Celtics? 
Miami might be one of the worst attended arenas in comparison to how well they have been the last 20 years. People come wicked late and leave early. Helps if you have lots of disposable income 
Chris Wallace and Rick Pitino are the worst things to ever happen to the Celtics and were about as bad for my life as my divorce.
I think what /u/JayLarranagasEyes is trying to say is, "slow your roll."
Ingram over Wiggins? Crazy 
So when you say Melo with defence you mean Pierce ae..?
I agree, Tatum COULD be on that level. We finally get a guy with the insane length and measurements WITH the talent to back it up. 
Idk man, it’s not that ridiculous. Per36 18/9.5/7 at age 22 for Simmons vs 28/10/4.5 at age 23 for Giannis. 

Welp, on second thought it is kinda ridiculous Giannis is a monster  
Tatum has also never been the number 1 scoring option for a dumpster fire, where after he scored 30, they force fed him the ball. His 70 point game was ugly basketball.
I also think people are rightfully starting to turn on towns. His defense is so horrific there are valid concerns about how beneficial he really is. Embiid has very alarming injury concerns, porzingas is very solid but does work on a bad team where work flows through him. 
Too bad ainge did send the bulls just cash to get bell too and have both players
Wtf is scary eating 
impoverished african-american comfort food :(
1 game in 9 days is going to hurt my fantasy team 
I came here to ask if this had something to do with the London game too. 
Damn, 14-15 korver was insane
It's weird because several players have less than 74 attempts and qualify for that title, however, Gordon Hayward had 74 attempts and his 47.3% doesn't count.
False
But also the same. Weird 
Offense minded wing or big to come off the bench and score some might be helpful. A Horford injury would be devastating, so maybe a big? 

Cant believe im saying this, but a big like mo speights might work....
Can someone get Jeff Goodman *out* of Tatum? Kid's got a game tonight. :\
Goodman

Pump the fucking tires mate.
No it’s just not at all. Because in the 99 times out of 100 that a player never develops the way 20 game says they should it’s stupid

Its not about rookie production. It’s about future development that is nearly impossible to project. Giannis was not a good rookie, doesn’t mean anything. AD was pegged as top 10 player ever and hasn’t really developed past being a star like people thought
Green was a poor defender. Brown has been borderline All-Defence.
Yeah but it’s a bad comparison because brown doesn’t have the same confidence/mental issues that green did. Jeff green has superstar talent and skill, he just didn’t have the mental toughness needed. Brown doesn’t have that issue so the fact that Jeff green is a bust is irrelevant 
That's kinda my point.

They had such different roles that they are almost impossible to compared 
Sorry for making you woke
I have league pass and I want to throw my remote through my TV every night. Worst streaming product ever 
All of those Jazz fans who were Jerebko haters should be sentenced to five years hard labor in a Cleveland gulag.
I hate to be that guy, but....username checks out. 
That greenday sucks
> awkward dinosaur 

Lmfaoooo 
It fells weird AI playing as PG.  idk why I think this but I think AI should actually be our SF, matches it and Jaylen Brown as PG.
> awkward dimer-saur 

Lmfaoooo 


[The OG awkward dinosaur tho.](https://i.imgur.com/5U1qS1Y.jpg)
I agree with his aggressive/assertiveness, I feel like he’s selective when plays like that. Playoffs last year is an example. I guess it’s not the worst if your biggest criticism basically being so team oriented you forget about yourself. I wish sometimes he would take some of smarts attack mentality 
I hate it too! But the season is long, and PBS is a regular Winston Wolfe.
0.5. 50-40-90 is an incredibly hard club to join.
Very tired.

In 3 years some insane big man (Jokic, Porzingis, AD, KAT, why not Turner)will be fed the fuck up about their situation and we'll be the place with the culture, the history, the coach, management and key pieces around him.

It's all Ainge's plan. Give it time.
...I want him so bad 
I've been sick of them since 2014
What do you mean by this? 
Here's a fan from Taiwan.(GMT+8) The game started at 2AM. QAQ
Why was the Suns game so early? Missed it entirely. Now it feels like there hasn't been a Boston game for two straight games :(
This is why i hate it when some peeps say we aint real fans cause we never grew up in Boston. (Gramps studied at BU, so i support all Boston teams) 
Im jn NZ so literally woke up and saw the post game handshakes. FeelsBadMan
I was at Boston in 2011 when a group of Jap kids went to watch the Celtics. And oh man did i feel sorry for them. Also the bleacherreport comments. FML was that a toxic wasteland.
I don't think it's that bad, but they're around. 
Kyrie 
Booker 
Hayward
Tatum
Horford 

Just had to visualize it...and is it bad that I kinda like it?
I mean if it was a 1 for 1 trade I would consider it, it would be a tough decision. But factoring in Terry and a 1st is a no from me. 
Its Reddit, if you dont like it leave...no one is going to miss you.

 The purpose of REDDIT is to start conversations and hear peoples opinions.

 Theres 95% pointless threads on here, but people have the right to post regardless. Either answer the question at hand, or dont post your negative crap.
been a big Booker fan since his UK days, cold killer. The scoring and shooting would be insane
If you're so upset hearing that your opinion is shit maybe you should take off? Nobody is going to miss you making the rest of us look like a bunch of fucking idiots with asinine trade proposal after asinine trade proposal. Not even getting into how shitty value this is for us. Brown, Rozier, AND a 1st? Lmfao what? You think Phoenix has that much leverage? Of course the idiots around here want to trade Terry now that he's actually contributing to this roster.
What part of Jaylen's game makes you think that?
Rozier is a must watch. Kid's snaps are absurd. 
I'm so sad that Kyrie barely uses Instagram
Hope the Lakers pick conveys. I think the Tatum trade slowly looks like McHale trade.
Oh my god they play the Warriors twice and the Rockets three times over the next month alone... Brutal.
Brutal schedule coming up. Very tough schedule in general to end the year. Not even accounting for Brook Lopez and his constant injury threat. Lonzo looks trash. And they can’t shoot for shit outside of Kuz. I was worried at beginning of year, but it’s looking like we have a chance at the pick conveying. 
I'm almost sorry we beat the Suns. Almost, they have Josh Jackson.


I want Deandre Ayton so bad, it's looking promising! 
Their upcoming schedule is just brutal. The downfall could come soon...
I can't see the Lakers falling into the bottom 3. Sacramento, Atlanta and Chicago are too bad and want to be bad. 4th is theoretically possible, but I think the odds are that one of the Suns, Mavs, or Grizz will tank to their way to that spot. 
I swear ive heard this for the past 4 drafts and then once the draft happens people complain about the talent in the draft
It’s certainly not out of question yet. Lakers have a TOUGH stretch coming up. They could firmly plant themselves in the bottom 5 in this month alone. We’ll see.
I don't think it's about being the worst, it's about finishing with the the worst record. I don't think the Lakers are a bottom five team, but they play in a stacked western conference, so they could finish with fewer wins than a slightly better EC team.
Probably not.  There are some awful teams in the league this year.
That might be a nightmare scenario for them as well, tbh. I doubt the process can survive that crazy luxury tax.
You are wrong
>me

>the fool

Don't be a fan of this team if you hate them so much.
"I don't blindly think we're going to win the finals like a fucking moron" => I hate this team.

I love the Celtics and have watched every game played for years. Eat a dick.
Terrible thread OP
Last year's team did not have a lot of talent. There was a reason everyone was calling us the "worst 1st seed in NBA history". It was because the team outperformed it's talent by a considerable amount. There is no way I do that trade unless it's a LeBron James level talent in the draft.
You need to get to another game, man. As a season ticket holder, today was one of the most boring games. The crowd was honestly awful. Hope you can get to another one!
Yeah for sure. Here amazon has some devin booker things. Some signed but those are expensive!!! 

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B06XXNG8LH/ref=sp_omfp_12
My bad, I knew I was probably missing out on a reference. Thanks for filling me in!
I'd be kinda annoyed if he does tbh
My bad fam
We need a Big man because this rebounding has been really really bad.
Early in the season we were doing well. 4 of the last 5 games we have been out rebounded. Tonight they were horrible. 76ers with no Embiid out rebounded us as well.
From someone who missed today's game- thank you Tim!
GOAT: Hey Mom, look I made a shot! 

Mom: Get your head in the game. 
It's probably an effort thing. It's impossible for players to get as hyped for a game vs the Suns or Hawks as it is for a game vs the Warriors or other top tier NBA teams.
It could be worse for all we know
Imo, I think we beat the Heat but still lose to the other teams. Depth is what killed us in that game

With Gord, I don't think we'd lose that Miami or Detroit game.
Probs still woulda lost to cavs game 1 but after that who knows, it might be nuts
Kyrie showing up to the game in the jacket he stole from lebron
What did I get wrong? I’ll edit my post to include it.
This will never happen.  Start wanting something else, or be disappointed.
That's really not a great idea  
Your edit is still wrong. There is a big difference between signing and trading for a player with the DPE. 
It reminds me a little bit of MJ’s dancing in the late Michael Jackson’s ‘Jam’ video.
That was subtle. 
Fuck this is hard to read. Brad
Can't believe people saying Kyrie MVP when fucking Horford is the engine that runs the teams defense and offense. Underrated even amongst our fans
The GOAT disappointment. 
Jordon. Game 6.
Faces of the game 12-2-17: https://imgur.com/a/Rk9FH
Devin Booker is filthy, can't help but appreciate his game. 
Man that defense was shaky today, really not a good performance for the C's but I'm happy with the W. I like the point spread for the Celtics though, and I'm chalking the bad defense up to the weird matinee game time today. Go Celtics!!
I doubt the Celtics take him even if he worked out for them tbf.

Phoenix just feels like a collection of players we've passed on the past two years - Bender, Chriss, and Jackson. I wouldn't trade Brown+Tatum for all three of them. Crazy to think this sub was crazy for Bender around the 2016 draft.
#SCARY TERRY BITCH
Dude you're gonna get get tired doing this for at least another 45 times
I don’t think you mean “literal”
IDK, you don't know what Devin Booker gets up to in his spare time. For all you know Devin Booker's got a dozen Irishmen buried in his backyard. Maybe he meant Boston Celtics specifically. Can anybody account for his whereabouts when Len Bias or Reggie Lewis died? Who was really behind the Paul Pierce stabbing? Maybe /u/sully9614 is an FBI agent that's put all the pieces together and he's getting the warrant signed by the judge as we speak.
Hes a stiff. don't need to wait
Didn't say Klay was worse, he just can't create for himself (or hasn't shown an ability to yet anyway) 
He wasn't shooting this well from 3 I mean. 
Not shooting well. I remember one game he was 2-9, I think one of the games against the Bucks. 


Edit: It was Cleveland. 
We played Cleveland the 1st game of the season and Jaylen got like 20 something points. Even if it was a shit night, can't really blame him  after watching that Hayward injury

Also not shooting well is not fully related to broke jumper. Curry went 1-10 from 3 before in a game, do you call its a broken jumper? 
He shot 2-9 from 3 against Cleveland, 2-3 against Milwaukee, 1-4 against Philly, 3-6 against the Knicks, and 2-6 in the other game against the Bucks. A combined 35%, below league average. 
Yeah then it's an off night, you can't say a player have a broken jumper/ broken shot when it's a bad couple games
But did they even play in a game this time?
Fuck Josh Jackson. Shady ass bitch. 
He can fuck off. 
Disagree. Pacey is totally afraid of Dawson. They always had beef.
Isn't Josh Jackson a mediocre musician? Why is he playing basketball?
so why are we all so mad?
"And that's why Avery Bradley not a good defender" - Chris Broussard 
If you watched the game he legitimately dropped 50.(which is still insane) Other than that, he got bullshit calls and his team fouled just so he could get the ball. Like they weren't down that much with 2 minutes left, but his team fouled so he could run up his points
That's cuz Bradley is shit as a defender

Edit: I'm either getting downvoted because people miss my joke or my joke was bad. Feelsbadman
Because the move was obscenely disrespectful and as adults, we acknowledge that. It was a shit move. Wasting other people's time is fucking lame. 
Seriously, what a moron that guy is
:( I'm either getting downvoted because people missed my joke or because it was a bad joke
Daniel Theis is going to drop 70 in this game 
The black jerseys are dripping of sexiness! 
Avery's playing some terrible defense right now 
 They toke away the “Oh” Jayson Tatum clip :(
Did a Bostonian fuck Booker's bitch or something?! Dude on steroid every time playing the C's in Boston. 
Booker has 29, fuck. LET'S PICK IT UP, BOYS!!! It's 3:30am here and I don't want to cry myself to sleep. 
I'm mad this is still a game.
This is how you still lose with an insane scoring performance. Piss poor defensive showing on that suns possession.
90% of watching Kyrie play basketball is me going "how the fuck did he do that"
We need to go on a run defensively. The pace of this game is way too fast. We’re playing the suns style of game and it will catch up to us eventually.
Game should not be this close
thank FUCK we drafted tatum
Jayson Tatum is a game changer
No contact? Scary
Why do the worst teams give us the most trouble?
Morris revenge game
Is this the part of the game when Tatum drops 62 pts to get 71 come game end to overshadow Booker's 70?
what the fuck was that lmfao
Kyrie isn’t gonna let Ulis hit another game winner 
I'd hate to be devin bookers teammate 
I really fucking hate Monroe
Ok that was actually pathetic...
Jayson Tatum should already be one of our go-to shooters late in the game.. I trust him enough already.
Fuck don't be hurt
Jaylen what the fuck was that
You could see Theis being like WTF was that Marcus then being like “I called it”
Every whistle is late
Jaylen just abused a small child WTF
Yo Al Horford has some serious bounce.
 mama tatum confused what josh jackson was thinking tryna guard her boy
Jared Dudley looks like every excessively sweaty guy that body’s everybody up in men’s rec league games 
JAYSON THATS MY FUCKING ROOKIE
Early game means getting day drunk
Man I cant wait for Josh Jackson to get booed hard
UP AT 2 IN THE MORNING FOR JAYLEN'S BOUNCE BACK GAME! LOCK BOOKER UP, BOI! LET'S GO!!!
IM HARD AS A ROCK
Fuck I hope that was just a nut shot
Oh fuck I forget they have the Celtic killer Monroe 
I hate Greg Monroe so much
I want monroe on the celtics so bad, maybe im alone on this one
We should try to get Booker in a Celtics jersey. We can have him average 50 points a game at home for us. 
I absolutely HATE this song
fuck yeah morris
need those offensive rebounds badly
Could anyone hit me up the Jaylen Brown is coming meme? Trying to show the wife but I can't find it, swear I saw it today :( Cheers! 
weird seeing Mike James playing against a team in green. He played for my team in Greece, Panathaikos last season. Green with the  clover and everything at Panathinaikos....
Glad to see our bench cleaning up against another team's (admittedly terrible) bench
Tatum comes into the game, Tatum scores
Tommy is a fucking national treasure
sheesh we got 17 games in 30 days this month including 4 b2b's

that London game screwing with our sched
Goddammit nba app let me in the game. 
Booker has really small eyes 
Tyler Ulis looks like a small child. IT at least had the barrel chest
booker holding his knee, hope it's not too serious
oh for fuck sake I'm not ready for another Greg Monroe game, I forgot they had him
I sat in the premium section the other night and on the wall going up to the section is a black and white picture of the 2008 team.. It made it look like that happened ages ago, but it still shocking that it's been a decade.
monroe feasts on us usually
I feel like I should get punished for being against the Theis pick up this off season. Ive never been so wrong.
Bruh the refs try and help Monroe every time he already fucking kills us you cunts.
I hate late whistles even when they go our way
Crazy Stat

* Celtics are league average at FT%
Why do the suns always go god mode against the celtics? Very odd
There’s gotta be a way to stop this team fucking hell 
smh I have to leave at 3... thought the game would be in hand by then
This lineup without Smart or Kyrie is terrible. I know Brad is experimenting but it's not working out. Rozier has no idea how to run an offense still.
Reallllllllllllllly confused why Brad took so long to stop this momentum the Suns have been creating
WHAM BAM WHAT THE FUCK
I can't believe this game is that close
Fuck you Josh jackson
Booker is fucking filthy wow
There's been a ton of spanish music lately wtf
Mook is a little selfish out there huh
Our defense is bad.
FUCK JOSH JACKSON LESGOCELTICS
Awake at 2am for this game. Lets fucking go
Jesus Booker is a tough cover 
Fuck I forgot they got Monroe please go away.
 Booker must’ve had a bad ex girl who was from Boston, he loves killing us
Tyson Chandler looks awful and doesn’t seem to give AF about this game at all. 
Holy fuck these refs blow so late on jaylen
Why does literally every single team in the NBA put a beating on the Suns by record numbers and WE have to make it a close game. 
BOOKER FUCKING CHILL
Where the fuck is Aron Baynes. He needs to be on Chandler 
Get Rozier the fuck out
Boys stop taking tough pull-ups pls
wow where did our 16-point lead go :(
That kid behind horford is dead someone send help
FUCKING KYRIE IRVING!
the fuck are we doing
What was that? Play some fucking defense. 
The fuck is going on?
THAT'S OUR BALL.

GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!
Thank god for Al. Made up for Tatum's rookie mistake. Let Jackson shoot that every time, don't close out too hard.

I stand corrected. Tatum deflected it.
Filthy. Just filthy.
Seriously Rozier is garbage.

You are a point guard. Try passing the ball once.
Jackson lost that ball so bad
Haven't watched the game. Box score watching, but what happened to our team rebounding? It's been horrible lately. Jaylen Brown with zero rebounds?!
I’ve seen people hate on them and I.  Just. Can’t. Figure. Out. Why. 
He always plays well in Garden so let’s  sign him and really fuck this league over. 
I called game!
when Jaylen is engaged, we are really really tough to beat
His face showed how filthy that Jaylen steal was
He plays well in the Garden so if we traded for him the league would be fucked. 
Game recognize game 
Obviously. Are you insane?
Well I don't hunt but at least me and Bender have something in common
A bit of a moot point. Hayward was supposed to be our secondary creator that played a lot with the bench.
Their knees barely pecked each other. At least it's contact, so not as scary for the Suns?
His arms are stupid long 
Playoff secret weapon 
As usual.
Wait he complained? What? When?
fuck pau
Basically every FT.. we've been struggling badly.
Monroe and Chandler happened while we went small
Bad teams keep bringing their A games against us. Also, Hayward
He looks tired, as in several games lately.
His defense has been really bad...
YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH ABOUT SCARY TERRY
This is a disgusting comment I recommend you delete it.
shut the fuck up literally no one likes you
would we even be mad at that?
Fuck Broussard 
If it stays a close game, no way. He will probably play his normal 32-33 minutes if it stays a close game. 
just contradictory to the small ball offense
Defensively, not sure I trust him offensively yet though
Our team defense is bad and so is our rebounding.
 I know but it’s almost every game
hmmm.  Just bad luck then
He's the Horford of small forwards
he secretly had dinner with the black mamba
If this is the case, let's hope game 7 of the NBA finals falls on a Saturday.
Lets hope Game 4 is on a Saturday and we're up 3-0*
Dude is fundamentally a beast, never complains about calls and has a sick ass half sleeve tat.

I'm a fan 
Average 14 rebounds per game 😂😂😂
I lost it at illegal block, my soul left my body at the bricked 3 and hayward clap
Coach of the Month and a half since this includes October!Coach of the year in the making!
Celtics Reddit not the spot for this but it isn't a bad shout. Has a lot less to work with. A lot less
Just stop, if it wasn’t for the past 3 games people on this thread would still be calling for his head. It’s quarter season awards not last 3 game awards smh. He’s still the worst scorer in the nba this season
Lost game 1
JAYLEN CANT BE NEGATIVE. I HATE THIS.
I couldn't watch this game, and wasn't worried one bit cuz I knew I could count on /u/timi093 highlight videos. You rock! 
I don't think either team does this but a Tatum-Horford-Cousins trio is dangerous 
Fuck. No.
Are you smoking crack? NO isn't going to trade Davis for that horrible package.....I'm not saying I would do the deal I proposed either, but one of Tatum or Brown would 100% have to be included.
Slow down with the projections, sesh. He’s played 20 games
https://stats.nba.com/vs/#!/?PlayerID=1628369&VsPlayerID=1628365 

these ones are just depressing
Increasingly unlikely we get a Clips no. 1 pick. It is lotto-protected in 19 and 20, and then converts to a 2nd rounder in 22.
27% and shoots an absurd amount of threes.
No they’re doing the right thing. They don’t want to destroy his confidence. But take the GS game as example. There were multiple awful offensive decisions made by him throughout that game. You could see Stevens shaking his head on the sidelines.
How is taking the shots he is asked to take poor shot selection?
Yes I watch every game. Why are you so defensive?  j/w.
I’ve told you 500 times why. He’s shoots 11 fg a game and 8 are threes. Makes maybe 1 of those a game. Guy shoots 27% from the field. Those are bad decisions. I’m done talking with you.
Man, I don’t think you’ve looked at the stats, because those are totally not true. You’re done, but you’re wrong. 
##[Celtics wallpapers for your phone](https://imgur.com/a/Kjcc3) 

Bonus random photoshopping art 

#[SCARY TERRY THINGS](https://imgur.com/Nm9t3Ev) 

#[SUPER JAY BROS](https://imgur.com/45dXOGw) 

#[KYRIE RISES](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DP7hOjEU8AApDES.jpg)

^any ^requests ^let ^me ^know
Jaylen Bounce Back game on Saturday! I'M CALLING IT
Jayson had a cold start, and cold blooded finish. Easily my favorite Celtic this year. 
Yeah, I hope Jayson destroy that dude. Still mad at that fact. 
I would like to request a Masked Kyrie hype video to the tune of Broken Face by the Pixies
I didn’t make it but I’m assuming because it’s fucking Jaylen Brown 
Don’t watch enough of Simmons to know. But I can spot a shove after the whistle. I think our defense frustrated the hell out of him especially down the stretch. I wasn’t insisting that Simmons is a hothead.
This team is going to be INSANE with Hayward back...
I hung out with Snow all the time in college; played pool together. Small world!
When the night is darkest he is the lord commander...i mean player we turn to.
Small sample size tho 
And he’s less than 2 years out of HS....amazing!
Wow.  Just imagine how sick this team, and a duo of Tatum and Kyrie will be once he becomes a 20 PPG scorer.
Small sample size for the rest of the league too
Kyrie, at least until I see Gordon play both ends.
I noticed a *lot* of empty seats courtside and behind the basket tonight. It was driving me nuts. 
I need context on this quote, because this comes off as seriously dick'ish.
It's only because people will take snippets of his weird responses out of context
Bad shooting night 

The kid is still 21
He got benched. Bad night, try again Saturday.
Yeah it looked like he was trying a little too hard. Took some awful shots and his handle still needs so much work. 
He played poorly and looked disengaged all game. Was very bad on both sides. Reasonable to bench him tonight. 
He has been leading the team in minutes played, 1 game doesn't mean anything.
I never said he couldn’t still be sad but saying that’s why he was trash last night is literally nuts and speculative. Every bad game this can’t be given “oh his friend dies”
2 of the 3 were about his friend like wtf. Going to a funeral a week ago had nothing to do with playing like ass bro. His friend dying two weeks ago shouldn’t affect him on the court. I never said he couldn’t grieve but he would agree that it shouldn’t impair his play 2 weeks later smh
wrong attitude to have in the stevens system, just sayin. 
Probably just a stupid question. Reporters trying to start shit. 
This thread is mostly people just making up false narratives and getting pissed at Marcus Morris for it. 

They shouldn't be mad at Morris, they should  be mad at their imaginations.

Can go ahead and change 
"Fuck you, Morris"
To
"Fuck you, Imagination!"
Fuck him. Maybe him and his brother shouldn't have beat the shit out of that dude and he could've made it to camp, and been in shape, on time.
He’s a visionary in the fashion game 
Feels bad because this quote could also describe IT :(
Completely agree. Stupid that he's still considered a rookie. 
Ahahah yea stick with that logic kid. Every team cheats every game in the NBA for u than huh 
No because it’s within the rules.  You get penalized for cheating within the game so it evens itself out.
Refs miss calls every game.  Spade is a spade.  He extended his arm and sent Simmons towards the baseline.  

It wasn’t like Simmons hopped down underneath the basket because he thought Tatum was gonna go there.  Tatum sent him there with his arm, which is a foul.
Scary Terry so scary Brad has trouble remembering anything else
HE'S TOUGH !
ball game
Faces of the game 11-30-17: https://imgur.com/a/omeaA
#**"GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!"**
/u/3ITKH with only 4 correct predictions of losses this year. When will he get pulled for his poor performance and terrible decision making? 
#SEVENTY FOUR

#AND

#FOUR

Edit: fuck
Glad we got the W but sad for Jaylen. Hope he bounces back like a bad boy against Phoenix!
I Sixers fan I know is saying that with Embiid they would have won and I told him that in October they lost to us and Larkin spanked them and he got mad
I was at the game tonight. Scariest moment was when Amir Johnson collapsed on a breakaway like he had been shot by a sniper. I think everyone in the Garden thought he was dead.
Man, that Saric guy is annoying. 
In all honesty if Embiid was playing I'm not sure we'd get a defensive rebound
Kyrie with another classic performance... JB got the worst game of his career out of the way, nowhere to go but up kid.
What was up with Jaylen tonight? I missed the game.
Welp, missed the game because I was at a friend’s house booking a bachelor trip for THREE AND A HALF GODDAMN HOURS. Time to watch highlights. Talk to you fuckers in the morning.
I hate the Sixers and their stupid fans 
I almost never blame a bad performance on mental stuff but he really did look pretty out of it. A few bad nights doesn’t change how I feel about him this season but I’m eager to see him  get out of this. Didn’t look like the guy we’ve seen all year at all tonight - on either end.
His efficiency is insane for a rookie. If he keeps it up he's easily the ROY in my eyes.
Not if my Bills have anything to say about it! Go Celtics go Bills!! 

(Don't ask... I'm not happy about it either)
I feel like he always has the "Please fuck off, dude" games against us
Looked mentally checked out of the game... He hasn't looked the same since he took the family break... I think we just gotta give it time. We all know what he can do when he is fully focused (GS game).
That was two years ago :(
Yes but like I said, if he’s inconsistent majority of the team is as well. I’m not saying it’s a bad thing, but if you look at the game logs of people like Rozier and Horford and Tatum, it’s very similar to Jaylen’s
Oh man, sucks that it had to be against Amir, but damn was that arousing
This dude is bad!
Because centers don't usually guard out on the perimeter.
Look for Jayson Tatum to fuck the process in the ass tonight.
**Highlight**: [~~Daniel Theis spikes Jerryd Bayless' shot out of bounds~~ DANIEL THEIS ENDS JERRYD BAYLESS' LIFE WITH THE INSANE BLOCK]( https://streamable.com/h08mo) s/o /u/fongos
goddamn Amir is clumsy 
Remember that time /u/3ITKH said we’d be down at the end of the 3rd? Another quarter and other pathetic prediction from our local pessimist
Holy fuck ref, get some glasses bro
It's always a blown call that leads to an injury fuck me
I want the mother fucking gold!
He's a fucking shooter
For anyone that still didn't think we were getting fucked by the refs: there you go.
Al is so awkwardly athletic
Man... All these big dudes that grew up watching LeBron are gonna be scary...
The Sixers are so annoying. Saric's punchable face, Embiid's corny tweets, Covingtons dumb hair, etc.
I have to write a thesis and don't have time to do anything else

So naturally I'm watching the Boston mother fucking Celtics
That play by Kyrie was ridiculous
How the FUCK is that a blocking foul? He was literally waiting for him in that spot
Please stop limping Marcus :(
Wow that was a horrible call
I've come to the conclusion that the Sixers have, by far, the worst fan base in the NBA
Damn Theis is giving Amir a beating this game.
KYRIE IS MY FUCKING DADDY
Today I left my expensive ass earbuds at home and had to buy some from CVS for $5.99.. they were almost as bad as listening to Reggie Miller my God.
the sixers thread is salty af, calling Boston fans the worst and saying we're basically the 2015 Hawks 
THE ANDERSONS GOT TICKETS TO THE GAME?
Why are Andover and Exeter playing a basketball game at TD Garden?

Jaylen is getting mad! That’s gooooooood
That call was fucking unbelievable 
KYRIE FUCKING IRVING
Who the fuck is Ben Simmons
Holy shit tomorrow is December!!!
Al 3s get me hard 
Gets called for the travel

“Sorry refs I, uh.... I didn’t know I couldn’t do that.”
This is what our second unit does. They play shut down D and play questionable offense. It's hard to watch but it keeps our leads from getting blown up.
Holy fuck how wasn't that 3 seconds  give me a break 
#WE NEED TO GET THE JAYS IN THE GAME 
what the fuck was that with Morris not getting a call?
Wtf? Why are there 15 Isiah Thomases on my screen?
The game is blacked out on League Pass and on NBA TV.

How the fuck am I supposed to watch this game?!?!?!
How in the fuck is Ben Simmons at the line 
I mean, thats an offensive foul
God fucking damnit 
Fuck me hopefully Marcus isn't that hurt.
why do the refs suck so much fucking ass this year
Wasn't Vegas line Celtics-7? C's fucked refs badly 
FUCK THE PROCESS 
Beige jacket girl sitting courtside behind Brad. Yum.
Tatum needs to get 10+ shots every game. Makes no sense why a guy known for scoring doesn't get to score.
*sigh*

Please not another slow start PLEASE
Jaylen is thicc but his handles thin
Kyrie Irving is unbelievable 
No basket?  Wtf
We're getting tiny calls. I hate that because it means the refs will lean towards Sixers in the 2nd half to make up for it
Semi and Marcus anchoring our defense for years to come is not fair
Two worst calls of the game back to back
The god dam refs forgot they had whistles...  They just fucking figured it out and now they gotta blow those bitches...
Refs just preparing to cover the spread. Don’t wanna lose money on this game 
Kyrie with the casual 20 pts in the half 
Angry Al
uhhhh aren't there kids at this game?
Wow that's a bad call he pushed him down 
Marcus never woulda got fucking hurt if they fucking called that charge
No foul wtf
JAYSON TATUM IS A FUCKING GOD!
Wtf was Amir doing?
ROTY fuck the process
Sixers game thread is glorious 
Thhhhats your ball game!!!
Fuck yeah, Celtics!
I have a bad feeling covington is going to ha g up 30
Crush these mother fuckers! I'm sick of hearing about the fucking "process"!
What is your guys' setup for watching the game and commenting in the game thread?
Brown =(
Weird not to be down 15 in the 1st.
Sloppy play and up 5
How the fuck is that not a basket?
This is hard to watch
Tough bucket Marcus #2
Bruh if all you are going to do is bitch why watch the game 
Fucking hate that camera angle
**IM BLIND IM DEAF**
FUCK OFF REFS
Fuck these refs.
WTF ARE THESE SHITTY CALLS 
He was in the fucking lane for 15 seconds...
Oh shit Northborough vs. Southborough, a rivalry for the ages!
What is fk Celtics I'm out of the loop. Is there a story behind it 
Fucking selfish looking like Westbrook bruh 
That Dwight poster was fucking nasty.
Might be the worst game I've seen JB play this year so far... keep your head up kid, keep playing hard.
Jaylen's body language tonight is not good
No excuse for getting outhustled by a team on a back to back after we have 2 days off. Really pathetic 3rd quarter effort from the boys, although we're getting equally fucked by the refs as playing poorly.
wtf
thats awful
Fuck Marcus is hurt nooooooooooooooooooo
I don't see Smart on the bench... :(
I'm so sick of that GE commercial I actively root for Molly to fail 
Seeing a lot of hate here for Amir. Never forget Amirhooks or his trebuchet 3 pointer 
Kyrie fucking Irving.
2nd worst call of the night
Yo fuck Saric
Wtf is going on with Simmons' beard?
#Jaylen brown bad game isnt a fun day for me
When were you when slowstarts Celtics died?

I was at home watching that game vs Philly

"slowstarts Celtics is kill"

"no"
I'm at Niagara Falls any places where to watch the game? Or I'll watch at the hotel 
That anthem :/ 
Sheesh. Late start.
I'm gonna be really disappointed if Jayson doesn't put up big scouring numbers this game. 
Yikes this team is scary big
FUCKING REBOUNDS
That sideline kids game reporter... woof
Been saying it all year. This team has a SERIOUS layup problem.
Why is it so sloppy when we play them? Like both teams rubbed baby oil their hands. 
I hate the Sixers but I love Amir, that was scary shit 
Tatum fucking loves a euro step
I hate when they try these weird camera angles
Jump fucking ball
WTF THAT WAS A JUMP BALL!!!!
This is why I hate Bayless
WE HAVE A SERIOUS FUCKING LAYUP PROBLEM
Dude what even is the rule anymore? All Celtics hands up in the paint and they just auto call a foul because the dude decides to flail up a layup??

What the fuck else can we do?
he fucking walked
#FUCK THE REFS
Holy fuck how are the refs missing these calls
3 on 1 and they can't score.  5 point swing with the transition 3 .  This is getting fucking annoying. 
Sounds like I need to go to TD Garden to fuck up these refs. Yeah? 
That Kyrie pass before the Horford oop was insane.
I’ve hated you ever since you were at duke JJ
Reddick gets James fucking Harden calls now that he's in Philly
Frustrating game for Jaylen.
Jaylen's bad game = veeeery ugly :(
Give me a gif of that sad covington fat lip please.
Aww man :(
Jaylen is playing his worst basketball ever
What the hell is going on? Lifeless play and stupid decisions all around.
Philly is so boring without embiid legit all spot up 3s
We are playing uninspired basketball 
Why are the refs so bad this year, I feel like I'm screaming at my tv every game I watch
Brown needs to step it the fuck up.
The Scary Terry spark we need
Mook so nasty
Al Horford + 4 off the bench = insane D, electric O
We need to play Tatum 48 minutes a game
Mook why the fuck would you do that
mahcus no :(((
Now we're rollin, let's fucking go
AL'S JUMPER IS FUCKING WEEEEEEEET!
The fuck is Horford doing lmaooo
# Dirty Al
WTF KYRIE
Softest call fucking ever  
What was up with Jaylen tonight? I missed the game.
why are there no nice coments in here make me sad :(
Jaylen making silly 2nd year player turnovers
If Morris would have made that, I would have banged the wall so hard to scare my neighbor.
Fuck JJ Reddick he's low-key a little whiney bitch. Brought that Clippers culture all the way to Philly.
Probably totaled my car today and I have to retake the writing portion of my Spanish exam. I swear if we lose this :( we better fucking pull throughb
That was a pretty nasty looking fall
I really, really dislike Brett Brown, he seems to be always angry with something irrelevant
Man Jaylen looks confused out there tonight, Getting picked bad Pass and behind his guy on defense :/
Jaylen is playing some uninspired basketball tonight. 
That'll be clear path. Stupid fucking pass. 
The Green Machine Is ACTIVATED!!!!!
Jaylen on simmons fuck ya here we go
anyone know where online i can watch the game

Gordie :(
I'm all for Marcus balling hard, aka every game.
Kyri is just not fair
TD that was frightening.
I'm a MD... Fuck diabetes
man i hate that camera angle
These refs are bad
This shit is sloppy
what a fucking bail-out call.
WHAT THE FUCK
fucking fouls
Man, I just really hope I can intern with a team this year for b-ball ops this summer. I’ve basically been cold calling Linkdeln and it’s made me some connections... I connected with the founder of summer league!!
I hate saying this but Jaylen has been AWFUL tonight
FUCK THESE REFS! saw that same fucking thing happen in the second qtr and they called a foul. fucking ridiculous
Celts are getting royally fucked by the refs lmfao
Frustrating couple of minutes
Baynes defense is unfair
Real stinker of a game from Jaylen
Bad night on O, but Jaylen can still play D
Jaylen is having an ugly game.
tough situation, Rozier has been meh, Brown bad, and Tatum has looked a little overmatched defensively
Damn, Jaylen just looks fucking depressed out there. I hope he’s doing alright.
Fucking eh, Sixers getting every single rebound.
Morris has been way worse defensively than advertised.
Jaylen has been bad for the past couple of games
SCARY TERRYYYYY
I’m still thinking of that game Amir Johnson hit four 3’s for us against Toronto. I woulda been so pissed if I was a raptor fan 
Tatum just fucked up RoCo
Game's in the bag boys.
Tommy called Kyrie the little guy :(

IT be like hahaahhaha you know what I do Tommy!
Jaylen seems like something is bothering him. Not very into the game. Even on the bench after that Horf 3.
Jaylen benched in the 4th. He's been horrible this game
Last 10 or so games Horford's passing has been questionable
#STOP LOOKING SO SLOPPY GET IN THE GAME
There are some grungy looking people at this game tonight
Brown gets to have one of the worst handles in the league for a perimeter guy...
they're so passive on rebounds it's the only aspect of this team that is genuinely bad
I want jaylen brown to get in the game and start scoring 
Horford with two dumb turnovers.
This game is close solely because of our poor play. Don't let them stick around ffs. 
This is a terrible fucking start. Hold on to the ball, not difficult at all. 
FUCKING REBOUND
Holy shit man control the fucking ball. 
Simmons is sick
This is horrible basketball. Stop turning it over.
Those sixers fans at r/nba are just brainless wtf
I feel like Kyrie has been surprisingly bad at free throws this year. Am I wrong?
Why is this kid awkwardly just standing staring at the camera not doing anything 
When's Nader going in the game?
Pathetic man. 
Morris is as dumb as a fucking rock. 
Jaylen is playing like fucking garbage on both ends. 
Offense looks bad, still needs a lot of time to develop and gel
Stop turning it over, this isn't difficult. 
This is just pathetic. No effort. No energy. Horrific shooting on wide open shots. 
Need to grind this one out. We got infected with Jaylen's bad spirit tonight, I've no clue what's going on but we can't all play down to our worst performer. 
Man how the fuck do you let them get an o-board on a missed ft?
See the fucking ball Jaylen
Why the hell are we trying to lose this game?
I like how Rozier doesn't even try to attack off the dribble. Just take a terrible step back 3 from about 29 feet. 
Holy shit this is sad. 
Defense is atrocious right now. 
You can fucking switch that, no reason to give covington a shot
Bad shots, terrible rebounding, terrible turnovers. We'll be down by the 4th quarter. 
 it almost fucking went in
"Fuck the process"
Impossible, r/theydidntdothemath
I’ll never stop reporting, sorry. 
This is the spokes person for the fuckin GA lotto....life is weird sometimes.
Fuck em
Every year people try to discredit us. Fuck em. 
lmfao, their thread title is literally 76ers v FUCK THE CELTICS bahahaha
Crazy talk.
I hate refs for always calling those stupid foul on theis. Think they hate germans 
Sorry that we don't have Superstars like Embiid, Simmons and Fultz who get injured by breathing.
Kyrie will kill them every game 
"Dirty" Al Horford
Offensive foul, he lowered his shoulder and pushed off with his arm. That's worst than the offensive foul called on Saric (on Smart's flop).
the sad thing is with the method i use i could totally do this it would just take literally like 48 hours
Probably. He's on a small cold streak here lately.
awful effort tonight :L
Fuck, seriously? I love Mike and Tommy :(
Embiid, J.Anderson, McConnell aren't playing though :/
2 monitors, one for the game, one for shitposting.
Game on the tv reddit on the phone
Game on tv (streaming online), phone for Reddit in hand. 
Game on Reddit phone on tv 
phone on the wall with the game and a tv in my hand to shitpost on here or twitter
Even when they blow the whistle they are so late doing it
They hate us cause they ain't us
Why was it a tech anyway? Weird
Per one missed in the game the night before.
Yep. When he’s bad he’s *baaaaaad*
bad night for him
He was playing badly
All these replies you got don't even portray how bad he was. Absolutely awful on defense, even worse on offense
Would have been a bad shot regardless. 
Reeks of inconsistency. When Rozier, Brown, and Tatum can't get anything going, our wing looks real shallow
He's pissed that he played so badly. 
Yeah flagrants suck ass now anything semi hard is one its weak
I mean we don't have Hayward but stay bum devastated.
Why do you even watch games so negative. 
This comment is as false as your flair 
Hopefully never again in any game 
Will you just fuck off already
And slow as molasses
oh my god shut up you fucking bitch
Man I knew something was missing in my life during the 2 days we didn't have a game. Goddamn do I miss your bitching
“Mods can ban me if I’m ever negative again”
At what point would you classify your comments as negative? Because you *did* say you wouldn't do it again...
#CAN I BE THE ONE TO SAY FUCK YOU
Shut the fuck up. terry has shown he can drill that shot in that situation. If Terry tried to attack there you would bitch and moan about his ability to finish. Shut the fuck up. No one likes you
Please mods get this idiot off the game thread. I can’t deal with this low IQ shit. 
mods this guy said he would never say anything negative ever again if we didn’t choke against the warriors, and than said if he slipped up then he should be banned

why is he not banned
Jesus Christ I understand this is some sort of outlet for you but fucking shut up. It’s just nonstop spam in these threads man.
“Don’t care” is one of the worst narratives out there. You’re better than that. 
Found the arrogant moron. 
Sorry I’m shook
I have no clue how the fans and Max Kellerman try to act like the "the process" wasn't a shitty business practice and isn't bad for the league. 
ill take it if it means we have two embiids.  If we rest him again against you guys can we get a third?
He's amazing.  Kudos to our defense.  Probably the worst game he's ever played.
I know man, it's terrible, not enough toughness anymore because of shit like that.
who the fuck are you, Seto fucking Kaiba?
>Tiny baby bum obliterated Filthadelphia smelly loser, booty apocalypsed that his meme """""PROCESSSSS""""""" is actually just a meme and the 6ers will be forever irrelevant

Must hurt, here take this ointment, oh yeah and hold this L too LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
for the next few years definitely

no one is going to want to admit it but lebron joining philly might be boston's worst case scenario 
It's def the worst case scenario for the Celtics, but we're hardly screwed. LeBron-Simmons is a nice 1-2, but Embiid and Fultz are not sure things at this point and they still need to fill out the rest of the roster with some quality role players.
Yep that is the worst case scenario. I think he going to stick with the Cavs especially if IT comeback 100%.
Absolutely the worst case scenario.
At least that way we could make the finals.
If he isn’t playing on opening night, something went wrong. Source: retired from orthopedic industry 
Yeah I don’t look at every one’s username, but I’ve seen tons of posts by you last couple days where you are just flatout negative and making stupid comments. 
Everytime i see a meme about him i start to wonder if it's possible that somehow he manages to comeback this season. Even though he already said that's not possible... My heart still can't handle the pain =(
Ohhh. yeah I can get behind that
I didn't see the . at first on mobile it just read 805 I was like god damn I didn't think they were bad 
It was funny but then I felt bad for the Blazers because they didn't clap back. Seems like they got their feelings hurt -   =(
His summer league stamina could have been bad because he was just comming off playing in europe.
He can't get minutes because lue is a bad coach channing Frye should not get the amount of minutes he does.  Lue plays LeBrons friends 
Lakers have a tough schedule coming up, hopefully this buries them down to the bottom of the conference. 
>if theis plays well

you mean WHEN
yup would rather start him and then have morris bring some offense in the second unit bc our offense from second unit has been horrific to watch.

Ill need some video evidence to back up these claims.
THEIS SHOULD START EVERY GAME
Why Daniel Theis Should Start in ~~Tonight~~ Every Game

ftfy
Losing Jerebko really fucked him up 
Tthis is what i  am thinkining sorry for poor nelgihs my am feeling very sick
He had 27 points, 6 rebounds, 4 assists and 2 steals in the d-league game yesterday where Joakim Noah got 22 minutes on the opposing team.  I'm not sure if they matched up at all against each other.

Probably just to get him some minutes.  Also possibly to showcase him and let the league know he's an asset.  I imagine there were some eyes on that game to see how Joakim Noah looked.
would **have Sorry this iss one of mine pet peevess learn fo english to not do this tpro butter
there were at least a couple sequences where they were matched up against each other, at least that's what I saw from the highlights
Sob, I live on the other side of the world :(
IDK if it is against the subs rules, but where did you find your fake?
On that contract? I'll def stand behind Marcus all day. Let's see what he asks for after this season before we stand behind him forever.
Ended career 32% which is pretty bad in today's NBA
Did not realise that at all! That is pretty bad. Made up for it in other ways I suppose!
I feel a little bad that you're stealing ESPN's clicks. They just laid off like a million people.
Dude, that’s a few years ago. Get out of here with that. I watch their games every night!
There might be a train from Springfield to Boston, no? Not sure where in CT you're driving from and how close to Boston that is.
FWIW Tatum says he’s 6’9, every time I hear the game on the radio he’s recorded as saying “Jayson Tatum 6’9. Duke”
rehabilitating a player coming off a drug suspension with no games played since April by playing 1 game in the G league is a 'tank strategy'? 
Kuzma is older and has a larger role on a bad team. Its kinda hard to compare
It's a bit gratuitous to ask this question on a Celtics sub? There can be only one answer. Post this on NBA
WHo the hell wants Mirotic, hes terrible

Jaylen is a 1 in a million player, fucking @ me
yup. Thats part of the reason its a stupid useless comparison.
League fucked ! 
A fat chef is like a dentist with bad teeth
I think you mean thicc Jaylen.
Weak. 
But you can't tell me that this isn't serious:

https://www.theonion.com/i-am-so-starving-vs-i-am-so-starving-1819594260
Those are the teams he chose to speak with you nincompoop. Every team with cap space wanted him. You think the fucking Kings were like, you know what we *don't need?* An all star wing.
Lame 
The GREEN JAYS!
There is a lot of alpha-maleness in that room. Have to imagine those practices are brutal. Wonder what it would've been like if KG and Kyrie were on the same team 
Like Michael Jackson bad?
Trash and dirty talk are different.
Used to drive me nuts as a Cavs fan. Like how the fuck is this dude doing this at 5'9". 
I'd like to see it used to trade for D'Angello Russell just to watch the subsequent LA fan base melt down.
fuck off troll 
I think at this point Celtics fans are just hoping Embiid is injured/gets injured, because they know how scary it's gonna get.
Jae was salty and not very good.
You're salty and not very good.
You are correct. Aparently my memory sucks.
Cutting, finishing at the rim, 3pt shooting, and you have a strange definition of average if that's what you think he was defensively. All Avery had on him was a midrange game.
That's still a really weird reason to dislike Jae.
If we get Doncic or Ayton we'd be ridiculous 
All the silly people not talking about Luka in this thread make me chuckle

Edit: Tbh if we get top 5 pick, we can't make a bad decision. Any player we get is just bananas
THANK YOU. Even before yesterday's game they were like 4.5 games out of the lottery pole position with 60 games to play. To everyone saying "forget about the LAL pick, it's not happening," I hope you're just reverse-jinxing. 
Hope they finish at 5-6th worst record and we have a chance.
same here he's gonna be an insane rim protector
Agreed. I would hate for Doncic to get injured, which happens with literally everyone Philly drafts
Nah, they have to beat GSW at least once a year
I wouldn't be mad about getting Ayton either haha
No probably not. Didn't predict Conley/Zinger being injured. Still think they are the 5th worse team without injuries.
Because it’s Ivan and he’s a cunt who thinks because he plays MyGM in 2k in between Animal Crossing that we give a fuck about his opinion 
They're both almost born to the game, inculcated in basketball from birth. Having them both on the Celtics would be unfair, like when Bill Walton joined the Cs in 1986, especially if they keep growing.
The upvotes and downvotes on this thread are really confusing me.

This guy nonsensically berates the OP and gets upvoted?  ... wtf?
 
What the fuck is with all the self hating Celtics fans this year?
It's a Kia award who gives a shit if he calls it by its name.. not sure why you're getting tight over ads that's a little ridiculous, it's not like Kia sends people into NBA team subreddits..
Not really sure 
God I want him to be a Celtics lifer so damn bad
Definitely behind this idea but is there a non broken link OP?
What a stupid article. 
that suns/clippers trade is the worst of the lot. 

People here are saying no from the Celtics point of view after seeing Tatum play, yet a few months ago if you didn't include BOTH Tatum and Brown in Davis hypotheticals you'd get nailed to the cross over  giving our fan base a bad name for overvaluing players. When will the madness stop?! I'm trying so hard to not think about a potential Davis trade until at least summer 2018. 
Tatum is untouchable to me. Also, having a max player working to return from a terrible season ending injury doesn’t make me want to gamble it all on Davis and his shaky injury history. 
Too bad it's not realistic.
Too bad Bleacher Report doesn't make the rules
It makes sense, although I'd hate to see Horford and Tatum go. A Kyrie-Hayward-AD core could give the Warriors a run.
No way we give up Tatum that’s like spurs giving up kawhi this article can fuck off
I don't think you can compare Tatum to Kawhi..yet at least. Kawhi is a finals MVP and 2 time defensive player of the year 
I’m not saying I’d necessarily do this trade, but yours is an especially horrible take on the trade.
Oh ya I definitely read that wrong
Do they do this every game? Is there an archive?
We are aiight.  A little pitchy.  Have played .500 over the past 4 games. 

Not going to realistically contend this year with Hayward out.  You add cousins, tho... all bets off. 
Add a late 1st to the offer.  Opinion change ?
I was at the pacers game the other night - can anyone give me insight as to why Nader got the playing time? 
Wait, didn't he get a couple minutes in the Cavs game where Stevens was throwing shit at the wall and seeing what stuck?
I mean... there's a reason for that which has nothing to do with yabu.  
Some people like the Celtics but don't know how the complicated roster rules work. Some people like cars but don't know how a  catalytic converter works. Let people be casual fans ya snob. 
I see that you're not defending your post, so I assume you're saying you were wrong.  

K.
Why are you picking a fight? He was making a shitty joke, and you're randomly going after him
I am shocked that Jet is still in the league...
All of them had players from the  infamous 2014 team as well minus the  Bucks
You mean the Whiteside 
Maybe I’m wrong, but I don’t think the DPE changes the player’s salary at all, if we trade for that player. 

Frankly, I didn’t even know that using the DPE in a trade would give all that money to the other team, either. 
Avery makes everything hard on me to this day.
People around me at the game were trash talking Smart at the beginning of the game so bad. Some of you Celtic fans dont deserve his effort.
I want to forget that game ever happened. Also hope the boys are fired the fuck up for the next game against the Pistons
Yeah Heat are 24 down to Cavs atm. Would you look at that, they aren't playing the Celtics so they immediately cave and let anybody run over them

I fucking hate this shit so much

edit: 33 down LMFAO
I'm disappointed, but I guess the Pistons are alright. I'm looking forward to playing them again
Not as annoying as us missing them.
No. If anything we need another wing. I hate seeing that Larkin, Rozier, Smart lineup. 
I’m sick of this trade smart bullshit we trade him we lose our defensive identity for a guy who is a streaky shooter 

Fuck no
Lou defense is terrible no thanks. 
You don’t do all that to not win a championship 
Just an idea of how it'd impact the team. We dont add Lou without cutting minutes on Terry.
Gotchu, I always thought it was a temporary thing until we got longer, taller wings. Stevens knows what he's doing so I won't take it too seriously. Still looks odd though. 
The real mess of it is that Toronto could offer something like Valanciunas and OG Anunoby. That would be scary. I do not want to play a team that is starting Lowry, Derozan, Miles, Ibaka, and Marc Gasol. That would be nasty business.
You mean the past two days.
There's an eerie quality about that. 
Did that actually happen? Kinda weird 
Oh man, that feels weird
Also quite a few of the fans.  I saw him give several hugs and handshakes to people behind the Celtics bench.
You feel weird.
Thats my guy :'(
We miss you Avery :(
Come back Avery :(
Yeah i mean no one loves me :'(
I missed the end of the game can someone explain plz
The Pistons are so fucked. No one wants mad Kyrie.
Im not sure but i think [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1A5QJBG7ANU) why Drummond reacted that way.
I watch games in the morning and I can't go on with my day every time we lose. :(
*Kyrie is the least clutch player in the NBA*
If thats the case then thats weak. The guy just put up 26 pts and 22 boards in the garden. He is allowed to be hype.
Yeah I'm not sure what he was talking about.
I watched it and imagined the shh'ing to be like: " shh, don't tell anyone I can make them now." league fucked.
Lots of teams have reacted that way to beating us the past few years.  It's a little annoying, but I get it, and it really just means they respect you as an opponent to get that hyped over a regular season victory.  Nobody's celebrating over beating the Bulls like that.

Gotta just take it as a compliment and move on.
Tell me about it! Also, when they lose, I'm in a bad mood. Like real bad. I'm mad >:o
Because people get mad about literally everything. Being upset that the other team is celebrating... as LeBron said

"we're all men. Stop me from dunking"
I hate Morris' game. I can't stand it. He should definitely be coming off the bench.
Wtf
These things will go away if last 2 game Marcus stays.

Then we can worry about cap issues!
Marcus "Law Of Averages" Smart.  Even the worst offensive player in the league can't sustain 25% shooting for an entire season. 
TLDR; FUCK THE LAKERS

FTFY
Not to mention that he is still getting quite a few assists every game and has been crucial in keeping the bench offense rolling.
Why the fuck didn't Baynes start against Drummond.
Pathetic game from Kyrie

Al got dicked by Drummond

Harris couldn't miss

At least Smart is shooting well?
Vintage Smart/Bradley Game
Damn Kyrie looked bad tonight. Happens sometimes I guess.
Goddamn y'all going brutal on Kyrie despite 18/9 in a game he didn't shoot *that* bad.  Yeah he missed down the stretch trying to bail out the team, but y'all acting like he went 6-22 or something.  Rebounding and FTs were a far bigger issue
Horford disappeared this game
I'm blind, I'm deaf, I wanna be a ref!
This is one of those games where we missed Gordon a lot :(
https://twitter.com/brohrbach/status/935352083565432832

This made me so sad for some reason hahah
Tough loss but hey, that’s basketball.
Hopefully we turn it around in a couple days and hand out a beating.
Always playing from behind mannnnnn
Turnovers and our abysmal FT shooting killed us this game. 

On to Philadelphia.
Two things lost us that game, turnovers and free throws. 12-21 from the line compared to Detroit's 19-23. Then we had 17 turnovers compared to Detroit's 8. Shouldn't be losing games because of stupid shit like this tbh.
Kyrie was jacking up some stupid shots in the fourth quarter and turning the ball over a ton. 
Pistons proved they are a team the Celts can’t get by without firing on all cylinders. Fewer turnovers, gotta hit FTs. This game is ugly if Marcus shot even half as well as he did. Curious to see how other games against them go this season. 
Kyrie was god awful in the 4th quarter. A bunch of costly TO's and ill advised shots. Killed all momentum.

We had no answer for drummond tonight.
I'm pissed and embarrassed. Kyrie, Horford, and even Brad lost this game for us. 
Can't make free throws. Kyrie has a million turnovers and plays like shit. No offensive renounding. Horford looked asleep. Totally pathetic.
Marcus "Law Of Averages" Smart.  Even the worst offensive player in the league can't sustain 25% shooting for an entire season. 
And the turnovers and giving Drummond 20+ rebounds every fucking time. The dude is our non-LBJ kryptonite 
I mean... he was beyond due.   He's a career 34% shooter who has been shooting 25%.  It's almost impossible to keep shooting that badly every single game. 
We're fucked. They're gonna play like it's Game 7 of the championship. 
Kyrie wasn’t even that bad, he just has to force a bunch of shit shots at the end of the game. 
One thing Bradley does really well is draw opposing guards away from the perimeter. Add in Drummond to patrol the paint and you have a formula to seriously slow down guards like Kyrie and Steph.

Kyrie's defense was awful though, hopefully this is an anomaly on that front.
Thank you. I hate losing just as much as everyone else, but calling for guy's heads after this loss is ridiculous. Al has been a savior in quite a few games this season. Kyrie? Kyrie has been the man since he arrived. Losses suck, but you learn from them. Onto the next one. 
Its alright you still have to wake up in shitty Detroit tomorrow morning (; it's one game and Harris isn't about to score 30+ points every night so. 
This is a stupid fucking take. 
:(
I don't think this deficit was created by bad offense or sloppy/lazy play or anything. Harris was unconscious and Drummond was in beast mode. They just outplayed us.
Im nervous too. (Not 'were fucked' persay)

Though if Ben Simmons is actually out... Idk. 

E. They're coming off a back2back as well.
Guy we picked up from our summer league team. Crazy motor, often too crazy
kyrie shrunk in the 4th quarter

this is his first bad game in a while though
he was taking the shots we hated IT for taking tonight
he was pretty awful. missed 11 of his 17 shots and had 6 turnovers. 
Seems like Brad has an edict to play him 35 mins or less. MoF, this is the highest I can remember seeing his mins in regulation this season. He kept him in longer than he usually plays earlier in the game, and I guess compensated for it in the 4th quarter.
17 rebound disparity is bad no matter who he was up against.
What? Drummond was doing a *horrible* job at switching on pick and rolls.  What game were you watching?  We have a better answer for bigs, and that's Baynes.
he was shooting 50% by the start of the 4th, he just took some bad 3's at the end which messed up his fg alot, would not say he got owned by AB considering half the time kyrie got past or got the ball it was an instant double team.
Is this a fake video?
Yeeaaahh! Avery Bradley won the game!
Hey i saw this guy at the dever airport a few months ago! 
I'm gonna watch this on tape delay because I have family in town, but if I catch even a whif of any of you talking shit about my boi, my dad, my dadly dadly dad dad r/averybradley, I will personally destroy every Baskin Robins and Coldstone Creamery in your town, making it impossible to get that counter serve ice cream you like to get once every couple years.
Why is the only time streams cut away is during starting lineups,  i hate it
MARCUS SPINS PAST AVERY OH SHIT
I hate Tobias Harris 
Who else just shouted "GET A FUCKING REBOUND" at their tv
Fucking Tobias Harris
Jesus some of you are fucking insufferable with your negativity. 
Avery with number 22 just looks wrong
Tommy had to restrain himself from calling Kyrie "The Little Guy" :(
We are progressively getting worse from the line as a team...... :| How is that possible seriously
this might be the first game so far this year stevens did a bad job

going small against drummond is a bad idea 
630 comments in a half? That's horrible low :(
THE LITTLE GUY on the black team :( 
Tobias Harris needs to fuck off
worst game Kyrie has played in a Cs jersey
It's games like these that we need a secondary scorer like Hayward :(
they just skipped Bradley getting introduced. wtf? how do you mess that up?
edit: may have just been my stream
Marcus is playing extremely well this game.  He needs to keep building on this!
#THATS TERRIBLE
#that's terrible
Oh look a ridiculously bad moving pick on us. Meanwhile Drummond has do e that 25 times. 
The negativity in these game threads has to stop. 
slow starts officially a thing?
Avery gonna make me fucking annoyed tonight
Kyrie having a tough time against Avery.
Guys were playing like crap and are only down 3. Chiiiil
Marcus is +15 as usual
Damn. That felt like last years D. Lets finish this game out! 3 in a row!


HOLY FUCK MARCUS
It's like we're afraid of the lead 
Think Brad has underplayed Baynes this game
THATS NOT A FOUL ON HORFORD WTF
Fuck these refs man. Detroit’s allowed to play defense but when we do it’s a foul 
Those last two offensive possessions were amateurish.  Hurling up threes from bad positions. 
I thought Smart had bad shot selection but Kyrie in the 4th has been worse.
Hope they show when he blocked the fuck outta d-wade 
Those Drummond screens are tough to get through
PLAY FUCKING DEFENSE
I mean of course that goes in 
LETS FUCKING GO MARCUS!@!!!!
Smart got sick of being just a 4th quarter hero 
Our pick and roll defense has been really bad this game.

Defenders are always trailing after the pick.
GET MAD TOMMY
Bradley lowkey mad at Boston for trading him.

Taking it all out this game.
Plz don't piss away a winnable game
Very shit game from Kyrie.  Gawd damn
Foul on Al really fucked up our momentum. We were on the verge of coming back. Gg tho pistons 
Im sorry but this game was a pathetic effort by Kyrie. There's hero ball, and theres understanding when a defense is raping you.
I blame 3ITKH. His negative energy loses us games. 
Whoever invented doing interviews during the game needs to be shot into the sun 
Jaylen is so sick. 
Need to watch this one with the lights on... Terry is getting scary
holy fuck the rebounding on this kids team needs work poor guys. 
The motivated, active version of Andre Drummond scares the shit out of me. If he is engaged (and keeps shooting 60% on FTs) he is tough to stop. 
Fucking Harris is unconcious...
THIS GAME GOT ME STRESSED
I'm getting flashbacks to the Heat game... make it stop.
LATE SHOT CLOCK MARCUS BABY
How is that a  foul on Theis? Bradley dove into him. On the other end he's done that ALL GAME. 
Can the refs let us fucking play D?
#Marcus Fuck what field goal percentage is SMARRRTTTT 
Game 3 Marcus sighting 
MARCOOS you crazy man
I hate the pistons so much man
Morris is trying way to hard vs his old team. He took the worst shot possible with people wide open around him. 
Yeah. So Harris is still annoyingly shooting lights out.
Fuck these offensive boards are killing us 
Fuck those missed FTs are killing me 
Weak call on Horford
Man Steph and Kyrie are afraid of Bradley. Now that he's on another team I'm scared of him too
How sad is it we'll have to beat AB tonight? :(
Damn Kyrie should've killed the clock. They have the ball to start the 4th anyways. And a foul? Bad play
Can’t get a stop to save our fucking lives
F- game from Kyrie
Has the game started yet? ^How ^about ^now? ^^Now? ^^^Now? ^^^^:'(
YEAH! AVERY BRADLEY WON THE GAME!
Every time they show people dancing on the jumbotron, I secretly wish the camera would catch someone stuffing their face with food, George Costanza style.
Can we not get out to slow starts anymore? Jesus Christ
WHY do we always start slow? Why?
10 point game

8 point game

10 point game

8 point game

10 point game

8 point game

etc.
SCARY T3RRY
SCARY TERRY III BITCH
I know it get says a lot but these refs fucking blow
“Watch yourself man”

Jaylen would fuck you up and you know that 
HARRIS WTF CHILL
That pick n roll is fucking us so hard
Our defense has been atrocious
They just don't fucking miss 
Why do teams shoot uncannily well against us in the early part of games? It's not like we don't contest. Seems like every game they start out shooting insanely and then regress to mean 
We've come out here sloppy as fuck. Wtf
Oh baby that was nasty
Harris with 29 pts already? wtf mang
What a terrible foul...
Every shitting on Kyrie like he’s not about to pull some fucking wizardry to close this game out smh
Smith is filthy
TERRIBLE 
Celtics look mentally tired.
Moreland is fucking killing us. I don't even know who this guy is. But I hate him.
We have 15 turnovers and they have six steals. Half of that is Bradley. Even when he isn't getting the steal, he's forcing us to make bad passes with his lockdown.
Detroit's been allowed to get away with some real shit on defense tonight
These refs are so corny this game. 
Our defense hasn't been that bad, they're making everything calm the fuck down
When Al has a bad game we REALLY struggle
Hopefully we don't waste this crazy Marcus shooting night
Dumb fucking mistakes are you serious
Pistons defense is very tough gotta give credit.
WTF IS HORFORD DOING
This team is so frustrating to watch when we're losing
Needed that transition bucket from Tatum. Brutal no call there
FUCKING BULLSHIT
That was a fucking flop
That call this late is horrific
Every game i watch is worse in worse in terms of officiating
I get that Marcus is hot and all, but pulling up 6 feet behind the line is just stupid fucking basketball. 
Turnovers killed us this game.
what the fuck is wrong with these refs
Horrible shots on the last 2 possessions
Well you can thank our trash FT%, poor defense, inability to rebound, and the refs for this one.
FUCK THESE REFS FOR BAILING THEM OUT WITH 2 SECONDS ON THE SHOT CLOCK
So sad I can't watch tonight... Hopefully someone will save the tribute video
We start slow every game.
wtf they are hitting everything 
I'm almost shocked whenever they miss a shot at this point
Semi is the poor mans Crowder. Me gusta
I hate late whistles even when they're in our favour. Refs should just call it when they see it 
SCARY TERRY
Scary Terry showed up today 
Andre Drummons DREB% this game has to be close to 100

They have 15 dRebs and he has 13 of them (he sat for 4:27)
Pistons are insanely efficient today
fucking Harris 
no one can hit a FT this game
Stupid fucking turnovers. 
The Detroit Warriors. Seriously how the fuck are they shooting so well
LATE SHOT CLOCK MARCUS
Let’s fucking GOOOO Marcus
Both teams are shooting ridiculous tonight
Sickest hook in the game 
Harris is like fucking Kevin Durant out here. FUCK HIM!
Damn Marcus fucking blasted off
WTF IS THE SHOOTING THIS GAME
Get a fucking board!
Weak ass foul
Another foul every trip down the court in the 4th game geez
What the fuck with these whistles?!!!!!!! FUCK THESE REFS
Wtf
Even though the game is close, I'm not confident.  We're going to Kyrie time now and so far Avery has frustrated him off his game.  And on the other end, the Pistons are hitting every garbage shot they chuck up.
Late fucking call for Tatum. You could tell they almost weren’t gonna call it.
Boi if this offense doesnt stop doing this shit almost every game
Avery beating Marcus to a loose ball from across the floor :(
Aw man you don't want to give the weak foul there
Wow was that a bad defensive possession.
People calling game in 3... 2... 1...
What a terrible pass...
Kyrie made some BAD fouls... 
Man, Drummond and Harris took a big steamy crap all over us tonight 
fuck this game
JUST LET MARCUS SMART LAUNCH ALL THE FUCKING THREES!
come the fuck on, refs. 
uh wtf smart....INSANE
Needed that one Jayson :(
WTF Marcus. It went in, but still...
SO IF THEY FUCKING TRIPLE KYRIE EVERYTIME, SHOULDNT HE LOOK TO PASS
Pretty bad refs huh
what the fucking fuck
You are FUCKING BLIND!!!!!!!!
stupid fucking refs
I hate losing man. Especially when it was entirely avoidable.
**FUCK  FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK**
The one game Kyrie's decides not to go off against Avery...
Off-night for both Al and Kyrie :(
You know guys, I'm not mad that we lost. Just disappointed.

-Brad prob
What a shit close to the fucking quarter. Play with some IQ Kyrie
What a dumb dumb dumb fucking foul there Kyrie god damn
Kyrie went WAY too soon and that was a terrible foul. 
Fuck that foul 
WHY THE FUCK IS SMART HANDLING THE BALL ON THE LAST POSSESSION OF THE QUARTER. Fucking give the ball to Kyrie who can actually make a play for fuck sake. It pisses me off every fucking time. 
Kylie Irving has been fucking terrible this game
Terrible shot by Brown and no one is giving any sort of effort when it comes to stopping dribble penetration. Quit playing lazy.
Game over.
And that will be the game kiddos 
I fucking hate the pistons
When do you guys think they'll do the tribute video? Heading to the game but might not make it by the start. 
Help me.  chicken salad club or cheeseburger club


Everybody loves Scary Terry
I miss Avery’s midrange game
Damn poor Kyrie 
Tobias Harris wants to be Melo so bad.
"Pistons showed they have come to play" I mean... every team does~
Getting sloppy now..
just tuned in, whats wrong with Tatum 0/1FG does Bradley guard him?
Yes, Stanley Johnson sucks at offense, doesn't mean we should give him open layups though
Ish Smith looks like a random bully on the block that sits on your doorstep with mates asking you for a dollar every time you walk by

I watched Everybody Hates Christ too recently..
wtf is that shot Jaylen 
Jaylen looks frustrated as hell.
Bruh I called Harris a future star back in the day, I wanted him on our team soooo bad. 
Oh bloody hell
Holy shit, Jayson Tatum!
Avery's crazy
I hate to say it but I agree with that call
How do they keep fucking making those?
Can Harris please miss one fucking contested jumper?
This game is so frustrating. I hate Harris.
Fuck you harris 
Piston starters tired
This music is awful
How fucking banged up are we gonna get before we get a call like that
Our pick and roll defense has been bad bad and bad
That was pfect defense fuck!!
Fuck fuck fuck
Crowd literally motionless.  WTF?
Teams are living in our paint game after game :|
PATHETIC 
Wtf are you doing Irving 
what the fuck man
Ugh. Bad passes and no hustle.
Fucking Bradley!!!
How the fuck is that a foul, jesus
What the fuck is this shit
We're getting so lazy
what a soft fucking call
18-4 isn't bad. Sixers get angry Celtics on Thursday.
Horrible call prob shoulda been a jump
wtf was that
This is not winning basketball
D- game from Kyrie
Take your ugly FT form and leave us alone
Still life, but they look very flat tonight, lots of lazy passes and poor rebounding.
kyrie is really had a bad game, the pistons have been poking the ball away all night
FUCKING HOW?
Terrible shot by Smart but I'll take it 
Drummond is our fucking Kryptonite (LBJ doesn’t count cause he’s LBJ)
I feel so bad for the haters and losers who said Marcus shouldn't shoot anymore
Drummond 20 20 game holy shit man make it stop pls
Fucking hell

wtf kyrie
WTF????
YOU ARE AN IDIOT!
We just didn’t play defense :(
fuck meeeee 
what a terrible shot by kyrie he was wide open 
Maybe close out harder on the guy who hasn't missed a fucking 3?
Game 
Terrible shot by Kyrie. Dude played like a clown tonight.
And game. Shut the fuck up about being negative. This team deserves it. 
Wow.  Kyrie.  so, so so bad
what the fuck was Kyrie thinking about?!
Fucking Refs!
Are the refs blind
Horrible Horford (still love u tho)
Can Kyrie wake the fuck up?
I hate basketball now 
FUCK THESE REFS. What a fucking gift.
Kyrie has killed us tonight, very bad game. It happens though. Onto the next one
kyrie lost us that game
Morris needs to fucking pass. 
Celtics ought to be embarrassed.  We can bitch about the refs (and they're terrible), but the team is not plugged in to each other.


What a terrible defensive stretch to end the half. Pick it tf up
*Kyrie is the least clutch player in the NBA*
Kyrie what the fuck man he keeps chucking 
marcus what the fuck
I hate watching Morris play. On both offense and defense.
Game.
Brown is such a bad FT shooter
Pathetic game by Kyrie, bullied by Bradley, something than never happened while he was in Cleveland, I swear he has regressed from his CLE's days
Marcus went 7/8 last game and they act as if he scored 50 and the the previous games were just a slump.

He's terrible offensively.  A broken clock is right twice a day.
Kyrie has the defensive awareness of a fucking almond 
I fucking hate the pistons 
Useless fucking team
Play with some fucking energy holy shit. Deserve to get blown out if this is the level of effort theyre going to play with.
Game. 
This fucking team. What a bunch of fucking idiots. We were sloppy
Give guys open looks and they tend to hit them. Lazy excuse to chalk it up to them just being hot. We're playing terrible defense. 
Another stupid pass. 
Dumb fucking decision by Tatum. 
These fucking morons blew the game with that foul. 
Are these stupid ass refs going to keep allowing that scrub Drummond to keep shushing the crowd?
This feeling sucks, not used to this shit.
You guys talk shit on jaylen but at least we don't have the WORST FREE POINT SHOOTER OF ALL TIME
Horfraud not attacking the ball, and thats game
our offense SUCKS!!!
Shut the fuck up Tommy, jesus
Avery didn’t play that game
I don’t understand this. I got so mad when this happened. There must be a reason, it happens with every game..
Right. Its So fucking annoying listening to that whining all game
poor /u/3ITKH 
Add the bad pass that got them a transition 3 in the middle. 

Monday probably has something to do with that :(
Yeah game thread is a bit slow tonight. Not sure why.
wow thats terrible
Check his stats buddy.. fuck off
Worst game I've ever seen him play period. Fucking unacceptable.
Our game threads are r/nba’s version of the upside-down
My stream did the same, real frustrating. 
Everyone always says this. I don’t get it. I see people reacting to plays and whatnot. What’s so weird about people being stressed in a close game?
He's not that tall and usually attempts layups not dunks so maybe thats why
Yeah, hard not to like
He gets no love from the refs typical rookie
yeah those threejacks were awful
has been? 1 game.
Illegal screens
They're hitting tough shots and we aren't.
Everything down the stretch was bad.  Tatum losing he ball on the break.  Two steals and and 1's for Drummond.  
He fucking should be
It’s sad enough playing against him
Harris has been unstoppable and we are down 4, its really not that bad.
He's been having a lot lately
last game they were shootin like 70% against us in the 1st quarter, its hard to watch our starts
Seems like its every game like that in the 1st qtr
Also they can’t fucking miss
Bad
Dude is tired from all the AB defense
I won't blame them.  But I will call bullshit on them.  This was atrocious.
Chicken salad no doubt 
He seems to make those usually
Velocity raps is tits per usual 
Yea same. Quality is terrible on all of them. 
i'm struggling with this as well =(
They shooting insane and we are not defending that bad lol
I think he provides a skill set we desperately need. There will inevitably be games like this though.
Get the fuck out.
Fuck Embiid
Can you shut the fuck up?
dont act like it was just kyrie, yes he had a bad game but having drummond and tobias on fire for most of the game didnt help things either..
Endless offensive rebounds for Detroit, horrible shooting for us, Jaylen off, Tatum wasn't QUITE there, Horford and Kyrie didn't run their shit enough
turnovers lost us this game, but he was trash tonight.
fuck off
I figured he was trying to draw the foul :(
Fuckin watch another game.
I like to think you’re trying to reverse-jinx us by saying we’re gonna lose in every game thread
Hey Ivan, your daughter know you support a guy who supports a man trying to fuck 14 year olds? Parent of the year 
And the worst comment award goes to...
Just shut the fuck up
Would you rather them get blown out every now and then or be in every game?
why can’t you shut the fuck up
there’s 3:00 left you fucking idiot
No one does the guy hasn't missed all fucking night
The lead changed like 20 times you dumb animal
Horford not his usual self tonight. 
You already called game. Get the hell out of here for the rest of the game.
Harris just hit a tough fadeaway....
I hate seeing your comments. They're all negative trash. Fuckin 3 point game.

edit: kyr0thegreat said "well we lost", promptly deleted his dumbass comment when we took the lead.
Get the fuck outta here
Fucking leave 
This is the 1%. I'm serious.
It was right fucking there!
What the fuck?
Yeah little disappointing
A career of being a fucking baller negates the fg%
I've never had the chicken salad from this place but that's kinda hard to mess up.  Cheeseburger club it is.
Yeah that's who I always go with, but it's really slow and buffering tonight. Maybe it's my internet
6-19

6 turnovers

5 fouls

Missed every shot late

Can’t just pick and choose which stats you want to see. 
So I'm wrong? 
Idk I’m really fucking stupid
I'm not angry. I'm disappointed I wasted my time watching that. 
>links to twitter

disgusting
I don’t get it :/
I wonder if they will be bad enough for us to eventually get the 2021 unprotected pick.  Memphis probably wouldn't want to blow it up because I think they're content with just making the playoffs and competing, but they might not have a choice if things go south and injuries to Conley and Gasol continue to be a problem.
Mans takin them fake mushrooms
"fake 1 seed vs. fake 2 seed." is there an Arthur meme for that?
They could, and yes they would have to do it 2 months ahead of the deadline to re-trade, but there’s no way that Gasol fits in the budget with Horford past this season so I find it very unlikely that they would get involved even if they could.
I mean, they both went to Duke so....
I was saying this before.  His offensive game reminds me of Z-Bo

Avery's revenge hahah.

We've been hyping up Avery as a Kyrie stopper for so long, idk I want to stop. This screams Tatum game for me
I always felt the eye-test was different than the actual stat-line. In my memory Kyrie had to work really hard and hit some crazy hard shots against AB. Maybe AB has awoken the Uncle Drew in Kyrie's game, it always has been a fun matchup. 

You tell me: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp9Zobdy31s


42Pt Kyrie game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-e8E9CFOqrY

29Pt Kyrie game: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1H_K1TaK0Y

40Pt Kyrie game from 2013: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZO5fEHtTeds


AB with the LOUD block: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3BH1DVkXU4
The NBA is sooo jealous of our rebuild and AB and IT are large parts of that. Why hate?
If you say a guy who played his heart out, through injury and his sister's death and who was so coldly traded away isn't worth a fucking tribute video, I don't know what that says about you.
How was he “coldly” traded away?
False, I believe JJ Reddick got a tribute video from the Clippers
And they gave JJ a tribute video anyway. Don't overthink it, man. Why do you have so much hate in your soul
He did not but Cavs got the rebound but couldn't convert and the Celtics won the game.
We had all the momentum going into the game 6 that year. Then angry LBJ (whom I still have nightmares about) appeared. Sigh. 
whenever Sheed's name gets mentioned I get ptsd flashbacks to game 7 of the 2010 finals.
He made Melo and KD miserable in our games against them earlier this season. Perpetually taking little shots at them, getting in their space when they have the ball. Durant was frazzled by and Melo was a trainwreck. Veteran stuff.
Yup :(
That's just flat out wrong. 
Fuck I'd Fuck both
Tough to guard Lebron when he can take 7 steps for a layup. 
Yeah, the StubHub fees were ridiculous, added almost another 70$ each ticket. 
“Yeah! Avery Bradley won the game!”
Underrated one was him randomly throwing it down on Durant 
The game against the knicks in the playoffs when we made like a 15-0 run or something 
Yes! I will never forget that game, Nelson had no idea what to do. 
The Wade block was unreal. But those game winners can't be matched
Mask on, Fuck it mask ON
Nader just reminds me of the random guy coming to the courts and hopping into a group of friends' pickup game. Looks like he has no idea what hes doing, doesn't play particularly well, but tries hard so they let him keep playin
For a second rounder, I'd take a flyer. Being with Brad, as well as having the Duke connection with Kyrie and Jayson might be the shot in the arm he needs to turn things around. At worst he comes in and is awful, you get rid of him or trade his salary at the deadline. I think you still use the DPE if a player comes available, and you send Nader on his way.
I don't think people realize how big of a liability this guy is on defense.

We're talking, like, worst in the league liability.
1. Colangelo is afraid of the optics. What does it say for Philly if Okafor sucks as a 6er and becomes a serviceable player in Boston?

2. If Okafor becomes a serviceable player in Boston, that means there's a chance the 6ers surrendered a valuable rotation piece to a rival for a 2nd round pick.
A guy of Okafor's talent rotting on the bench? Wtf are u smoking?
That's a huge *if*. Jah has been one of the NBA's worst players since he was drafted. It's unlikely that he will be given minutes.

Then what? The kid is in the same situation he is now. He needs a really long leash.
>You don’t grow by tanking, players don’t develop by tanking, you just create bad habits.

I agree. Losing like that create really bad habits. That was the one condition Brad had for Danny when he signed up as the Boston Celtics coach. He won't tank. EVER He wanted to commit to growing a young roster. They might lose games in the learning process, but they won't tank just for the chance of "ping pong balls." 

EDIT: Link to article on Celtics Co-Owner recruitment of Stevens - [Here](https://nesn.com/2017/11/brad-stevens-wanted-no-part-of-tanking-before-being-celtics-coach/)
Nope he’s just laughing at he libs while America is being fucked over by a guy who is a Wall Street boy 👌🏻
The Brooklyn trade alone was unbelievable, then add all the rip offs Ainge made after that, I truly am so grateful for him.
Going to the game to see Baevery in person! 
Obviously Jayson Tatum’s become a terrible influence to this team
Wizards? You talking about the game winner against the Cavs that kept us from getting swept?
If anyone takes Scary Terry from us I will become a Nets fan.
[SCARY TERRY](https://imgur.com/Wnhczcg). 


Don’t know why I made this. But I did so yeah 
I FUCKING HATE LEBRON JAMES SO MUCH
I'd be pretty disappointed if they didn't do something. He was on the team 7 years!
I love duke and find it unsettling how little hate this sub gives them
I hate Duke so much... But now? Now Im all aboard 
Can someone here explain the Duke hate to me. I've never been much into college basketball and don't know the rivalries etc.
I hate Duke for beating my team in the 2010 Final Four (I'm Petty), but damn do i like the players we get from them.
Yeah fuck Duke
BC fan here. Fuck y'all 😊
[I hate Christian Laettner.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdH2sR0NW58)
Grayson Allen makes me like Duke. That kid leaves everything on the floor every day. He's that guy you want on your team but would hate to play against. 
Smart/Morris/Baynes + filler (3 of Yabu/Larkin/Semi/Nader/Theis) matches financially.

I hate to say I'd consider it.
This is a terrible haul if you are trying to rebuild because none of the players are worth trying to rebuild around. Dont see them just trying to dump salary in a small market.
I didn’t compare them. This sub doesn’t understand logic at all... I just used it as a counterexample to the bullshit claim of “over 30 = dumb to trade for”
Sorry, should I repeat everything I said like you're doing to get my point across? I've typed it out once and I have work to do. If you'd like to read my views on the matter, please see my previous comments.
Semantics aside, your trade sucks. Sorry.
It was weird for me to watch. He would always get to the rim with ease, yet once he got near he would always try to go for these crazy shots instead 
Not really interesting to anyone who's watched games it's a known fact.
What I mean is that he wouldn't be the only one that started every game.
I am afraid of people who end sentences with a preposition
there's nothing wrong with dangling prepositions
Holy shit dude.  All you do is trash Jaylen.  Are you actually a Celtics fan? If not, what a boring time it must be just trolling a random basketball teams subreddit.  
Because you literally just shit on Jaylen for no reason.  It's not that hard to understand why people on this sub would downvote that stuff.  You just come off as a troll.  
League fucked
Yeah I don’t think his selection has been particularly bad, he’s just a shitty shooter.
They're open because teams let him shoot.  He is statistically one of the worst 3-point shooters of all time.  For someone who shoots as often as he does it is simply abysmal.  It's not like Shaq's percentage counts for anything.  Smart averages 4-5 per game.  28% career average.  It's horrendous.  So teams let him shoot.
his form doesn't even look so bad...There has to be something different to his bad shooting. Lock him in a gym with a shooting coach for a month and we gucci
Agreed. I made this point in a game thread against Dallas I think it was and got downvoted and inboxed for saying he'd become a bit of a liability during that game. On at least 3 posessions during a stretch the Mavs layed off him and willed him to shoot. He was looking to move the ball inside but he couldn't as all the passing lanes to the hoop were blocked because Dallas just clogged the key. He proceeded to throw up 3 consecutive bricks on wide open looks.
I could pick out probably 7 instances a game. For example the previous game mentioned, that awful lean in 3 while trying to draw contact and missed the rim entirely. So you’re telling me that you think that Marcus has good shot selection? That he doesn’t put up shots and make poor decisions on offense multiple times a game? We put up with it Bc he has an insane +/- but you can’t tell me you feel comfortable with the offense in his hands.
Because all those lineups also have Kyrie, and the one that doesn’t has been on the court 20 min this year. Also the worst lineup has Smart in it with no Kyrie
Not sure anyone ever denied that
I agree but that’s because defense carries him. Offensively he is worse
Even the offence isn't as bad as you'd expect, given his shooting:  
[52nd of 87 PGs in ORPM is barely below the median.](http://www.espn.com/nba/statistics/rpm/_/page/2/sort/ORPM/position/1)
The stats will probably prove me wrong here but I don't think I have ever seen him actually hit a 3 in a game before 
Took me a long time to figure out this was not a video game
Still mad Boston let him go and kept Young. And on his birthday of all days. 
I watched him DESTROY Northeastern one year. I still hate him.
Sullinger was a legit player for a while, those other guys hardly sniffed an NBA bench. 
Who ever would of thought terry would become this scary
My biggest take away:

Daniel Theis! He always makes plays when in the game! Defensive, rebounds, won't over shoot but when he does, he's money
Don't forget the Duron Harmon interception in the 4th to seal it. Wait, wrong sub. 
Drapes was awful. Sounded like he was eating a bucket of chicken the entire game. Mmm, uhhhmm, ughhh, mmm... 
scal is a moron, don't understand why people respect this guy.
Just an FYI, no one likes shameless self promotion. Your account exclusively posts links to your site, which is incredibly lame 
Maybe cause you're a moron
Relax and stop taking dumb shots
Indiana didn’t have protection if you know what I mean 😉
His sprained ankles haven't recovered. 

Give him time. He isn't the worst shooter in the league. Not even close. 
And when he runs around the court like a bad dog, his shooting legs might be affected
that's how he played with Oklahoma.  He made a lot of difficult shots on the move
There are literal neo-Nazis in America and you have the same amount of hatred you should have for them for a fucking basketball player...
Nope, I’m wrong. It was Draper saying “what’d I tell you, Scal?” We are losing context of what was said before the play.
Well that's a bummer :(

Thanks for the input. Here's to hoping he gets that number up to 45-50!
This made me think about how the very few times IT didn't score 20, he would score 18. Even his off-days were on.
how about in a playoff game 7
Celtics are 2-0 since Jayson looked at the wrong camera 
Was Kyle turned on throughout the game?
If I were a Pacers fan, the fact a couple bricklayers like smart and Rozier combined for 14-17 tonight would drive me insane. 
*Oh and for everyone asking, I am at my parent's so I do not have the Al jersey with me. I will probably wear it for the game on Thursday but it will be in the rotation from here on out.

Shirt | Celtic’s Record
---|---
Al Horford Jersey | 0-1
Paul Pierce Shirsey | 2-1
Gino Shirt* | 3-0
2016-17 Opening Night Shirt | 3-0
Jae Crowder St. Patrick’s day Shirsey* | 4-0
Beat the Heat Shirt | 1-1
Logo Shirt | 3-0
2016 Playoffs shirt | 2-0

Sorry, forgot my glasses.. can anyone tell me whats on the menu?
I'm just sad that we didn't see any Bird.
7 for fucking 8 from the field! Do I smell a turn around?
Ainge Dunn fucked up
Can't believe Mook had the nerve to disappear this game too.
Celtics are 2-0 since Jayson looked at the wrong camera 
Wrong camera, black uni's, "WE'RE GOING STREAKING!", Chum take your pick!
Hey dude uhhhhhhhhhhh


fuck off
Been trying to find the Scal/Grande game from a couple years ago. I remember that being a hoot
Rozier's D isn't that far behind Avery at this point in his career.  He's at least 80% of AB. 
Nader probably not on this team next year...prove me wrong Abdul!
Tom Brady. Wait, wrong sub. 

The Boston Celtics is the answer.
I can't remember! I got it as a gift like 10 years ago from some random website. 
18-1

... :(
Of course he is, and that's why I said in the road. Just would like to see it peppered in. I'm just a fan of Scal and Kyle together. They feed off each other super well and for an out of state guy it's almost impossible to watch any of there post game stuff. 
PLEASE TELL ME THATS WHAT THIS GAME HAS ALWAYS BEEN AND WILL ALWAYS BE ABOUT
oh i understand now my bad i'm an idiot
I didn’t catch any mention of a reason why mike wasn’t doing this game, was he sick or something or is this a permanent thing?
I hate that he’s trying to make a catchphrase for himself. 
Pre game the both said they were going to be trashing each other.
Poor take 
#THIS GUY IS RIDICULOUS
Yeah my bad, sorry I don’t like listening to “Ohhhhhh COME ON! THATS A TERRIBLE CALL!” homer bullshit after every single foul call. Home team announcer are fucking trash, I want to here neutral commentating not whining like a 5 year old.
Impossible not to.
At least you have the self awareness to recognize that the fault is yours.  It's something you can work through and grow out of if you put some time and effort into it.
Got him floor seats for the game 
He sat out for Friday’s game because he hit the floor hard during the Miami game, flat on his back. 
Nader only plays in blowouts or weird games like tonight where we are missing 3 wings or our superstar breaks his face. 
Kyrie’s popularity is outrageous. He brings so much people to the away games as well as people just want to see him play. He belongs to the Steph/LeBron caregory in terms of popularity. Merchandise sales are skyrocketting as well with him. 
holy fuck they showed that clip again LMAOO
I miss JB already :/ 
Wow can't tell if it's the comcast feed or what but this game looks like it's being played in a high school gym. The lighting is horrible. Kyle's mic sounds terrible too. A team must still be on vaca
WHAT A SMART PLAY. FITE ME IRL IF YOU HATE MY USE OF THE OVERDONE PUN.
Jabari Bird got called up for this game! Lets go!
Spent all day sick as a dog so I hope the Celtics pull this out to cheer me up
kyle is making me anxious listening to him
This production quality is so distracting I can’t even get into the game.
I don't doubt that we'll come back, but it's frustrating that we always start off slow.
Oh my god I forgot Kyle and Scal are commentating the game. We're reaching peak goofiness levels.
Jesus this game is a fucking blur
Shut the fuck up donnie
Kyrie is the king of getting rocked in the lane and not getting the fucking call
The quality looks terrible on CSN
Is every Indiana game like this? What’s wrong with their camera?
Im not trying to hate, but i just dont think nader has a place on this team. Id rather see Bird out there at least he can shoot
I miss blatant homerism.
Our rookie shot creator can't create a shot if HE DOESN'T GET THE FUCKING BALL
Kyrie is a magician insane
insane jab from tatum
Jesus this is a faced paced game.
How the fuck is that a travel
"Fuck white guys wearing green" -Refs
Kyle with the "bang bang bang" reminds me of Tanguay that one time he was allowed to call a game
Kyrie is unfair
Feels like I'm watching a game from 2002
we playing at Indiana's pace. Gotta slow down the game
Nader is so, so bad
Ever since that one bastard made the post about our opponents shooting below average on open shots I don’t think our opponents have missed an open shot. I officially hate that guy
How the fuck is that a travel
i can’t wait till brad gives em cocaine or whatever his secret is and they come out of the half swinging 
I hate this "hover" phase where we are within a possession or two for way too long. 
What the fuck do the refs have against Theis?
Why do they always cut it when they introduce the starting lineups :(
Is this game a fever dream? the colours are weird and the voices are all wrong
Aggressive Al, we need his offense badly tonight
These cameras are so bad every black guy looks like Noob Saibot.
SCARY
Nader is absolutely horrible.
Why the fuck is Nader posting up
Bench is awful again so far bummer
And now we go to Indiana's sideline to talk to basketball guru Donnie fucking Whalberg for 10 minutes, what universe is this??
Sabonis annoying like his dad. 
Marcus is insane tonight 
Now I remember how much I hated Bojan from that Wizards series. 
TIE GAME. AND NOW WE PULL AWAY AND BLOW 'EM OUT!
Holy shit look at us, this is fucking basketball gore. This is Boston Celtics basketball!
My sincerest apologies, Marcus. This is your game.

https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7fjff3/game_thread_boston_celtics_173_indiana_pacers_118/dqcax4y/
aight Drap gotta slow down with the bangs now
# Why Terry So Scary?? 
I agree... Kyrie is not fair!
Game fellas gg
SCARY TERRY
Wtf Lance thinking he’s MJ and actually playing like MJ. 
I think I've seen enough of Nader.. I'm sorry to be a jerk.
Tatum missing 3’s :(
Maybe I have been too tough on Jaylen and the impact he brings on defense...We're clearly not in rhythm today. 
Without Jaylen and Morris we needed Tatum to hit 3's, sadly he's just off tonight. 
I like that Kyle tells us what Brad is saying. I have a hard time parsing out who's saying what with the crowd noise. 
Horford has been INSANE this Q
Damn these refs hate Theis
Fucking of course Marcus 
What the fuck Kyrie?
Al just doing them dirty now
DONNIE SHUT THE FUCK UP!
Please someone tweet at Kyle to let him know “bang bang bang” is an awful catchphrase 
I’m gonna miss Kyle a bit tbh :/
Kyle and Scal calling the game? Call me curious 
Color me stupid. What does Brad mean getting it to the 3rd and 4th side?
Sup everyone! Just finished up making myself a mean steak... WOOO!!!
pacers fucking ridiculous on offense wtf
Theis got demolished :'(
Jeez we are thin right now. Might be an ugly game.
Why is the line up so weird today? Why is Morris and brown not playing??
lot of celtics fans at the game
SERIOUSLY WHAT IS THIS CAN THEY MISS SOMETHING????????????
This lineup is bad
Someone put Donnie in the game
Yo Imma bout to fuck up these refs
Semi WORKS, man

Dude has an insane motor 
Man, is anyone else frustrated watching us go down by 12-15 so often??
Miss Jaylen :(
No Hayward 
No Morris
No Brown.


That’s 60% of our starting lineup.

If you think Daniel fucking Theis is gonna cut it, you’re out of your mind.
Not sure how I feel about kyle’s “bang bang bang”

Edit: idc I like what happens before he says it and that’s all that matters 
SCARY TERRY 
SCARY TERRY
oh look when nader isnt in the game we're scoring
SCARY
Who woulda thought that Pacers can't sustain their 80% shooting throughout the game...
Marcus' FG% gonna jump like 5 points after this game
AL SAVING THAT 100 POINT GAME
Wow it must feel bad to root for a team with 0 NBA championships
Is this game going by really fast? Maybe it's the lack of weed but I swear this game is flying 
Kyle is giving us bad luck with his commentary /s
How was that not a foul?

Nvm I’m blind 
Crazy how explosive Lance looks...
terrible shots right now
SCARY TERRY
Lance fucking Stephenson of all people
Not so bad at away game.   
Deeeefense!!!
Marcus hitting shots in the 1st, Pacers fucked
They are making everything holy fuck. 
Nader is useless.
JT off :(
Donnie was just jealous of Kyle getting to call the game so he tried to take over. 
Ngl I forgot Tatum was in the game. 
Brown does a lot of work in that unit. D, rebs and scoring. Difficult to replace. Also length for the position :? 
i can't watch this halftime show, I'm afraid she's gonna slip and break her ankles on any one of these jumps
Man lame foul on Smart :(
Where’s the fucking foul?
Kyle is so lame hah
Al is a fucking monster 
SCARY TERRY ALERT 
Scary Terry bro
fuck you Pacers, fuck you Miami, fuck you Hawks, fuck you Orlando

shit teams tryharding against the Celtics and then being trash against everybody else. We're #1, y'all suck dick.

/rant
Tatum shot is back, League fucked 
SCARY TERRY HAS ARRIVED 
Why is NADER IN THE GAME?!?
Scary Terry is here and Scary Terry is here to stay BITCH
Uhhhhh fucking travel come on now
Hows Nader in this game? He got 15 minutes of playing time? Waive material?
Holy shit no one cares about his opinionion. SHUT THE FUCK UP, DONNIE
Can Semi hit a fucking shot for christs sake
Man I miss Abby in the stream :(
*edition 

Fuck my life
Lance needs to stop acting fake tough before he gets hands from Marcus and Rozier.
Lance is gonna go off. Fuck.
Semi is a fucking wizard defensively 
Our bench is not good...
Terry just tried to do Avery's wrong hand steal  :')
Grinding games out is gonna be hard without Jaylen "DPOY" Brown
perimeter defense is atrocious right now
our rebounding sucks again
I'm honestly frustrated with these shit 2nd quarter lineups.. They dig us a hole every game
Slow whistle
Have they fucking missed?
Weak ass 
How can a team play such ugly basketball and be #1 in the NBA? They just score at will, we try to pass to a PG through 3 Forwards. We have a mismatch and do nothing, they have a mismatch and score. Like... How? How how how HOW
This is probably an unpopular opinion, but Semi is a bad shooter. He'll probably have a worse percentage than Smart after this game. 
That call was fucking BS
Has Brad ever been ejected from a game whilst coaching? 
BAD CALLS REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Get that euro shit the fuck out of here bogdonovic

Anyone else streaming? The Indiana arena feed is ... sad
Nader is so bad defensively
Those bad threes and made buckets on the other end really infuriate me.
Got invited to the jay z concert tonight. Told him I got 99 problems and this Celtics game is one. 
heartbreaker game next game when we embarrass AB and the Pistons :(
Weird to keep saying it for a 17-3 team, but — I’m tired of them playing (and shooting) like shit
Donnie on something? Guy won’t shut the fuck up
What the fuck Brad, you took Tatum out?
Wtf baynes 
What's worse, the offensive decision making or the defensive intensity?
Semi is the worst shooter of all time 
That is one ugly chick
I'm skeptical about Jaylen's star potential, but there's no doubt we are missing his defense today.
Theis is playing horrific 
Just tuned in and it's jarring as fuck
Yeah. I always hate Indiana games for bad camera quality, but this is a new level. 
Yeah no kidding.  He is doing nothing wrong
Terrible 
Agreed it’s really fucking awful
Is it bad I didn't even notice Morris is not playing?

Like, I literally forgot he was on our team... I feel embarrased now.

Where is he tho?
He's unbelievable. Looks like it takes zero effort to get a basket 
Fuck ...Go India tho 
It's not even that, like we play our regular defense, they're just balling out of their minds right now. It's stupid but I can't wait to beat them into the ground seriously
Marcus has chucking bad shots for years just from here on out defenders have to respect the shot fake. It's the long con.
Oladipo was killing it to start the year and they have been playing really hard. Also Turner is legit
Hows your jimbo game?
Its one game glas hes playing insane tonight lets see what tomorrow brings
Audio sounds fucked too
Does a chicken taste like the woods?
I don't mind Donnie, fuck Mark for leaving the SB though.
It wasn't bad but it cut too far into the game. 
Finishing is usually his problem
Man I would be sad to lose Mike.
When you're as woke as he is, you don't see the basketball court in a mere two dimensions.
That's a little harsh, I'd send him to the forest of evil.
It was mostly bad defense, we can't always rely on luck.
Worst is the clippers announcer "Bingo"
It's worse than Hitler. 
wait what do u mean
Be afraid
Yeah the picture showing all the shots is crazy
He's way too slow footed to play in the league
4 makes doesnt make a game
The GE One is so tasteless
We’ve unlocked the secret
He has a thick jacked frame so yes he does 
Doesn't matter any shot would've been behind the three. No one was in the paint
Nah. I feel sorry for the dude with all his physical injuries and now mental issues. But he’s done really sad.
Wrong they arent a shit team
I fucking hate you
The Pacers are shooting lights fucking out.
I mean at least they gave us Larry Legend 
Mine usually has a rash when he plays...
No it's fucking terrible
TO THE GAME?
You're an inanimate fucking object!
Every stream I’ve tried is a little bit too dark. Pacers broadcast is brighter. I miss Scal though :(
Thank goodness I thought I was going insane 
I hope not, I don't think Drapes is built for play by play. Then again, everyone will pale in comparison to Gorman. 
I mean they're 13 down in a game they're watching, doubt that's what's on their minds
I missed that too. When I first put the game on I was assuming something was wrong with the feed and Kyle was filling in temporarily while they got it working.
I missed the Orlando game yesterday because I was at the Gabba to witness the day 3 carnage
Your blind hatrid for jaylen maybe is why.
Not sure because we are going to London 
:( 
Scary Terry dropping 300 tonight*
you’re like an awful version of fongos, stop being a cock
>Yes!

You're a moron.
What a fucking G, buy some expensive ass champagne and spray it all over his face
Being an all star is hard bro
I'd be shocked if Tatum doesn't become an allstar.   Brown might not get there. 
why is this downvoted to oblivion? y'all can be annoying
bad bot
Impossible not to
I only know that oladipo is out for them and Jaylen is still questionable 
He stayed in ATL wont make the game, via celtics twitter
these couches are too uncomfortable
Depends what size you need. Footlocker has small and medium
I saw that but it appears to be Boys sizing, not mens. So if you're REALLY small or want it for your son/nephew, footlocker has size S and M in kids for $75. 
Bird was ridiculous 
Not sure who downvoted you.
that on Marcus taking poor shots and about it half of them being 3s
Don't we usually play 4 out? Sometimes even 5 out. 
Maybe I'm wrong, but when we play horford and Baynes, horford is usually on the perimeter 
@Mods can we find a way to sticky Timi's highlights after each game?
I wasn't trying to blame them. Sorry if it seemed that way
Curry is a douche? There's fuck KD of course, and LeBron is a bit of a 14 year old in the body of a roided Greek god, but I didn't know anybody hated Curry for anything off-court related.
I can see that being the case as well. My guess is that is at least part of it. But Lebron has always seemed a bit clique-ish. I could see him being tough to approach. KD too. 
Durant seems mad cool on Bill Simmons podcast.  The dude loves the shit out of the game.  
Whoever doesn’t call him Scary Terry is an imbecile.
He'll always be Scary Terry to me 

> ... bitch
Sam "Jam" Packard is going to be one sad fellow
Fake news!!! #Tito3Sticks 
Maybe the Tito thing is because of Terry "Tito" Francona?  People misheard "T-Ro" as Tito, and just assumed Tito was a common nickname for a Terry
He fucked her.
Whoever doesn't call him Scary Terry is a BITCH 
So he took 14 shots and made 8. So the other 20 seconds he's even worse than his season average.
He's worse from three in catch and shoot situations than pull ups
Which now looking at it, I misread it. I thought it was all shots. He's taken 7 fucking shots for this stat and made 4. How is this even a post? It's such a shit stat.
Missed the post game thread so heres the table. Also I just bought a green Kyrie jersey for myself so that will be added soon enough!

Shirt | Celtic’s Record
---|---
Al Horford Jersey | 0-1
Paul Pierce Shirsey | 2-1
Gino Shirt | 2-0
2016-17 Opening Night Shirt | 3-0
Jae Crowder St. Patrick’s day Shirsey* | 4-0
Beat the Heat Shirt | 1-1
Logo Shirt | 3-0
2016 Playoffs shirt | 2-0

I mean I know it’s so beneficial for Kyrie to sit out half the game to rest up for tonight but I just want the whole load :(
Not great
Hayward :( 
Did that post get removed? I saw the link to it on here but couldn't find it after the game.
[You never have to miss a game again, friend.](http://nbareplaytv.com/)
It was just yesterday that Bagley was a tweener with no offensive game. People were starting to wonder why he was a consensus too 5 pick and even a few threw around that "b" word 
With negative hesitation. 
Take out his 4 minute game and he’s avg like 26 a game. He has an offensive game and it is glorious
That's not a good comparison 
yeah that was it wtf dragic
I️ hate how his injury game sags down his stats. He played only 2 minutes before leaving because of fracture and that big 0 drags him down everywhere 
That place is just bad in general.
Tbf they are wrong abiut almost everything.

Except KD being a bitch 
Have you ever been in an /r/bostonceltics game thread? Talk about overreacting.
it's just not fair
So it's a record every game from now on out. 
I mean, neat 
This is stupid
Jesus these posts are annoying 
I hate parties. If you need to be around a crowd of people you don’t know just to have fun. You’re a lame. 
I can see him arriving an hour before game time, and dropping 30 tomorrow night
It's a regular season game in November. Basically the equivalent of an NFL player missing a practice. nbd
Respect for the team for giving him this time. JB you do whatever you need to, basketball is just a game. 
why do you guys give that moron your time 
"Jaylen Brown has no passion for the game, he's missing a game for a funeral and he wasn't even related to the kid. I bet he had it coming too." - Felger tomorrow probably.
And? Funeral in the morning, done by afternoon, plane ride to Indy is a few hours, game is at night. It’s not too difficult 
[If they hate him, why do they listen?](https://youtu.be/9G6xu-J_Dmc)
Sporta Radio host and TV guy in Boston. He had a thing last year where he criticized Horford for missing a game because of the birth of his baby. He's a Boston Skip Bayless 
its bad
Whenever you see him dip the ball below his knees before he shoots, probably a miss.


If hes tight mechanically and got his arm 90-degrees already, 50/50 he makes it.

Same issue, fixes mechanics preseason,but goes back to bad habits when he's not thinking about it in-game.
Why should Bradley get a special tribute? For his horrible handles passing and court vision?
GOD DAMN, these tributes are getting ridiculous. 

Lose their meaning/specialty when given to EVERY player who has walked through the garden

...doesnt take away from anything AB did/brought to the table while sporting green (how do you note admire a player who brought 100% whenever he stepped on to the court)
Your flair reminds be about Baynes, I hated on him a lot last year but his absence reminds me about how big of an impact he has.
This is what i hate about casuals...you started watching the celtics last year.  When rondo was injured bradley was the worst starting point guard in the league.  Even as a shooting guard he cant get his own shoy
Knee soreness can actually be serious
Scary Terry bitch!
Even though he had been in an extended slump I still feel awful about releasing him from my fantasy team for Denzel Valentine two days ago. For shame. I feel like I should change my tag to "Cut Rozier for Valentine" and wear it like The Scarlet Letter for doubting SKarry Terry aka Rozzay aka Tito Three Sticks aka T-Ro (even though that's not happening, sorry Austin Ainge the movement has too much steam).

I won't but I should.
why am i laughing so hard at this
Yay, our streak of stressful nailbiters that sucker me in to not doing my work has ended
Scary Terry baaack
Dancing Bear with no points and a plus minus of -14. Was he that bad or was it garbage time? Just stands out versus all the other plus minuses. 
Does anyone have a clip of that filthy Jaylen spin move?
Scary terry just put the entire league on notice!
Scary Terry = GOAT
Scary terry approves
I want Al to make the first team all defense so bad
Fuck that
Wtf are you smoking
#THIS GAME HAS ALWAYS BEEN AND WILL ALWAYS BE ABOUT
He was pretty bad.
He about to play this game tho!!

my body is ready
Hes terrible mate.

Im sorry., but at this point in time, dude is just straight up garbage.
He’s clumsy af 
Agreed dude, I can see that too now that he's in the game
Add Hayward and the league is fucked
Lakers have the ugliest by FAR. Lonzo and Ingram are fucking aliens 
Not better than:

Rozier-Smart-Ojeleye-Morris-Baynes
I don't hate Kyle but I feel him doing play by play is going to be a trainwreck. He just doesn't seem to be a guy who has the pace for it
As long as there was split screen so I could see both the game and her 
:( I hope not. If so, Grande and Scal should do it and Wallach can take over for Radio
Weak ass title by ESPN. I'm assuming/hoping Forsberg didn't have anything to do with it. 
Fuck ESPN
Fuck you ESPN.
Crowder gets no love 
Espn blows, fuck them.
He's so butt hurt. I feel bad for the dude.
It's the editor. That's what I hate about any articles anywhere. The writer has his name next to the "By:", but the editor who can put a ridiculous title goes nameless
I'm not saying I love ESPN by any means. But still, encouraging the Celtics Cavs rivalry isn't evil.
i hate these games sometimes bc Kyrie will sit all the 4th
AL HORFORD HAS 6 ASSISTS 7 MINUTES INTO THE GAME 
I bet Kyrie loves getting the MVP chant instead of Lebron every game 
Kyrie is insane.
Brad reading the diabetes script is never not hilarious.
I have never before seen a coach adjust the entire team, each and every player with just one day of rest. Wtf is this shit, what is Brad even?
79-3 isn't that bad guys, sheesh! Told you!
160 pt game incoming
nooooooo jaylen bb noooooo :((
Jaylen's gotta look for the poster there. Worst case you get to the line.
Up by 32, and Brown is playing some serious hustle D.
A tech on MY HUSBAND? FUCK YOU REFS BALL DON'T FUCKING LIE
That girl's wearing a bra and leather pants to the C's game.
Tatum is literally the last to touch the ball wtf
Holy fuck Jaylen
not sure Kyrie was fouled there but i'll take it
Is Theiss hurt? I haven't seen him play lately
Post Game???????
Celtics are a bad offensive team my ass 
Didn't score 100 in 3 quarters. Might as well break this team apart. Weak!
Marcus' three was a fuck you three. 
The second unit needs a veteran badly.  A Posey or House esq guy.
“Orlando getting fucked by the refs”

-r/nba, probably 
I deserve this for cutting Rozier off my fantasy team for bum ass Denzel Valentine. I'm sorry for doubting you my sugar, ranch spaghetti eating savior. 
Hand down man down!!!!!!!!
Kyrie is so efficient it's absurd.
This unit is terrible
Now you go to the replay center but didn’t bother when the game was on the line? 
The bench is fucking garbage.
I just played a game of 2k and I dropped 31 with Jaylen it's a sign of what's to come 
Tatum? They hate him cause they ain't him. 
Someone please clip that entire sequence, that was hysterical
You know those mentor guys who let their students dominate until they fail and then once they fail they're like "I let you fail on purpose because otherwise you'd never learn what your weak point is" and then the student gets even stronger because of it? The Celtics weak point was them losing leads early on and then having to make a comeback in the end. Now they have a big lead. Think about it. 
Can this be the blowout game we've been craving for?
Omg that Jaylen steal. Cold blooded 
Jaylen’s on ball defense is suffocating 
Wtf is with these refs
Big game Drapes!
KYRIE DID HIM DIRTY WITH THAT GODDAMN
Guys my bad. We lost against Miami cuz it's the only game I missed this season. Won't happen again. 
Marcus found the trick to not get his 3pt % worse : shooting it like it's a pass
Wtf was that
Its crazy watching this celtics team getting all of these rebounds so used to being out rebound every game
BAYNES JUST PUT THAT SHRIMP ON THE BARBIE. no? okay. :(
That guy is fucking nuts
Payton's hair is so dumb
Holy fuck boys
Jaylen that fucking steal 

Assist to Rozier 

Oh my goodness 
Scary Terry has arrived
You know the ref fucked up when Mike says something 
We are a scary team.
73 points in the half, Jesusemilore Talodabijesu "Semi" Ojeleye Christ what a game!
DRAPER CALLIN THE GAME TOMMOROW?
Marcus should just only take exceptionally stupid shots, forget the marginally stupid ones
God damn those jerseys are mean af
This guy's hair is distracting the fuck out of me.
refs hate semi
Brad looks like he's worried we're going to lose this game.
Wtf wheres the call?
Geno gonna be exhausted from all this dancing.
This Terry is hella scary
SCARY
Faith, Consistency, Hard Work Pays Off.
I'm all for ball movement, but Al, take the fucking layup
“What the hell is that Marcus” is way too common in my vernacular as of late
Is this the game when Smart and Nader drop a fuck ton of points to prove the world wrong. 
This reffing is already poor 
Do Troy or Val even game thread though?
That fan has some OG Celtics gear. That's pretty sick.
Orlando is bad
Wtf no call
Tatum got rooked so hard on that no call
Refs really fucking putting the whistle away for fouls on us
Give the fucking ball to Tatum.
So everyone wanna keep freaking out about how bad our offense is?
How the fuck does Elfrid Payton play with that stupid haircut 
i really hate these calls
Fuuuck can't watch the game but that score is redic. Any nasty plays happen? Jaylen Brown poster? Kyrie spinorama? Tatum pull-up hesi jimbo?
Just turned on the game. Looks like the L against Miami was the spark our offense needed. This is fucking hype 
Also I couldn't take my eyes off of Payton's hair. The fuck was that? 
I'm been meaning to say. The GE logo looks worse on the statement jerseys.
Heard someone make a “Boston Rockets” joke. That’s blatantly disrespectful to us. 
Abby trying to jinx Jayson....you're on thin ice Abby.
This game is kinda sorta getting out of our hands. At least Scary Terry is here.
Ojeleye is so bad offensively
Fucking Marcus 
Marcus is clearly not satisfied with his 25% from 3. He’s aiming to hit 15% by the end of this game. 
> When Marcus shoots us into a competitive game 
GET THE FUCKING SCRUBS OFF THE COURT 
I feel for Marcus....

Probably worked so hard in the offseason, and has become even worse

And then he falls flat on his ass.
What if Smart weirdly shoots well in black? Fuck, we can hope. 
Elfrid Payton’s hair is so ugly. I feel it would get so annoying with the way it flops around 
Can these refs fucking chill
Woww late whist le
Al has 7 assists already? Wtf
Jaylen a shooter now watch out the jays with be a crazy combo in the league 
I've noticed that Baynes is often very heavy handed when he attempts lay-ups and close shots
Scary Terry MVP

If they shot 45-50% theyd put up 110 a game eeeeeasy
Tatum has taken upon himself to help our offense.. He's usually a slow starter but today he's been fire 
just started watching. these jersies are sick!
Feels weird rooting for the team in black.... gonna take some getting used to 
IIIIIF JAYSON TATUM HAS A GIRLFRIEND THEN I'M JEALOUS OF HER

BUT IF HE'S SINGLE IT'S HONESTLY WORSE
Why do they always pick such awful songs for the cheerleaders?
Wait... Doesn't Tommy usually do home games--not Scal?

Edit: please ignore I'm dum
Only hope is that somehow someway Smart shoots himself out of this historically awful slump 
Smart is always terrible on offense.
Why is Brown giving help there fucking damn
Missed it :(
only respect for IT fucked at a club but still on it with the Celtics 
FUCKING SERIOUSLY
He's still figuring out his offensive game, with time!
I'm sorry, I have only one upvote to give you
life is hard for us Celtics fans
Mad lad
I want Hayward so bad :(((((((((
I think he was afraid he was gonna get undercut
It was a dangerous close out. Foul after the ball leaves the hands like zaza/kawhi
Wtf O.O
all of his 3's are fuck you threes... just when it goes in its a fuck you to the other team.
If it ain't a fuck u three, it ain't goin in
He tired, bruh.
I️ agree. They look terrible right now
Aaaaand that's why no one should have taken that one kid seriously when he was yelling in the Toronto game. 
YES!!! DONT LET ANYONE TELL YOU YOUR JOKES ARE BAD
No!  I need him for my Letter C  and Blackout Bingo boards.

Maybe that's a bit selfish though. I'll take one for the team.
I like them from afar, but I hate how they accentuate the GE logo
Idk how the hell he can see with that floppy shit in his eyes all game 
Already annoyed seeing that shit flop around 
Never doubt scary Terry, bitch
Yeah, even though the officiating is terrible.
also known as SCARY TERRY
Me too. Ridiculous how late this game is.

You a 'yarder?
Wtf is a designer backback?
Worst possible scenario is he doesn't progress any further and I don't see that happening. 
scary terry
It looks bad everywhere 
I think they made it even bigger wtf
It's odd, I never feel like I see Terry brick anything terribly. 
It's hard to control all of Australia, ya know
It’s an away game 
Gonna have to go with Smart sadly :(
Fake news!
Something to do with how they stream the game it's not picking up the feed from the studio that goes out to local viewers (and NBC Sport Boston's stream).  They don't usually pick up the halftime show from the studio either - instead you just see whatever is happening on the court.
 maybe he had a bad practice 
An expensive ass backpack.
CHICKEN THIGHS!
Lmfao seriously ditto
Did I say anything wrong or false? That's how our team should be.
Oh I'm talking about the current game!

Edit:. I guess I was just hearing scal do some color commentary and was confused
No love for Mickey?
No love for Scal?
Ray Allen, I mean Allen Ray, I mean Ray Allen.
I still call Larkin "Pressey" at least once a game
KG played that game. Perk was out 
wtf are you talking about. The Steimsma team very nearly went to the finals. He was a rotation player for us in the playoffs-- he played in game 7 of the ECF!
That was in 2010. We def couldve used Perk in the finals in game 7 over a very past his prime Rasheed Wallace. Celtics also went 7 in 2012 against Miami and their peak so no, I dont think it closed the window. 
I’m going to be sad when this annual tradition ends. 
Refuse to allow myself to get hype for these guys. Lakers aren’t a bottom 5 team unfortunately. Maybe we’ll get some crazy luck in the lottery, but I doubt it.
I was shocked when I saw him run the ball up the court
They're probably not that bad this year, but then again, last year they started close to .500.  There's some hope.  
They’re terrible. They’ll finish around 25 wins, max.
Doubtful, but with new league rules we will have an answer sooner instead of later, as opposed to past seasons.
They absolutely hate Kyrie now that he's on the Celtics.
fuck /r/NBA
R/NBA can't comeback at our 17 trophies so they'll look for anything to jump on.

HATE CUZ YOU AINT BITCHES
Just decided to take you up on your offer— went on r/nba 

Holy crap, that’s a lot of salt. 
If the 'Engine' keep having those single digit games, then hes definately not the mvp of our team. Our offense is bad because Horford can't even have ten points a game.   
It's not so much Celtics haters but Kyrie haters. They hated him the same when he played on the cavs.  He's the Rodney Dangerfield of the nba
> Our offense is bad because Horford can't even have ten points a game.
 
Thats why our offense is bad? Try again
Ur whole logic is just ridiculous. There's a reason our offense is bad, because Horford, our max player,only averages 13 points a game, which is one of the worse in his career. Horford struggles to score even 10 points in recent games and that makes our offense bad.  
We are not winning because of defense, we win because almost every single game, our player including Horford can't score, and we are down over 10 points in the 4th, and Kyrie showed up to save the game for us.  
Behind Kuzma I guess, Tatum has to be the steal of the draft even at #3. IMO
Sorry princess
Add Bagley in that group - his offensive game is so polished (he'd probably put up 15 a game in the league rn) and he has a ton of defensive potential
Not sure why you have Bagley as the fifth pick..
I'm not saying we should draft him, just that's it idiotic to rank a prospect lower because he's too short when he's oversized for his position. 
Worst center in US history 
The pro shops inside the area don't but I'm not entirely sure about the one on level 2 (the official pro shop) 
Ughhh dammit, wish I went this past week. Any discount?
Jaylen losing the ball when he tries to drive through traffic is frustrating. Smart’s shooting is annoying. The ice cold shooting from the bench streaks. The fact that we keep giving up leads and having to claw them back.

The worst thing this season is the injuries though.
Inconsistent bench scoring. Hard to know where the points are coming from each night.
The missed rebound last year were so fucking infuriating probably would have boosted our defensive rating a couple points if we could hold down the boards 
Whoops, meant to say it's NOT as bad. 
He's just bad thats all
Yea don’t think nervousness is an issue for Marcus...he just gets tired from chucking sometimes.
I want Julius Randle but it might be tough to trade for him
fuckin yesss i was wondering when they'd break these bad boys out 
Based on his YouTube videos, Jaylen's been working hard on his handles. It will definitely improve over time. He could learn a ton from Kyrie. Another area of his game that needs improvement is passing. Gotta learn from Kyrie, Gordon, Al and Marcus.
He's talking pre-injury, though i agree that PG is in his prime and i wish we had traded the peanuts he required, and had said fuck it, lets convince him to resign. 
Melo sucks and Tatum is nothing like him 
Jaylen is number 1. 

In Browns ...that search sucks.
ROTY will be competitive as fuck this season.
We're both wrong, there are 26 all-stars. They expanded the roster from 12 to 13 a couple of years ago
Sorry bud, I was wrong
I learned a long time ago you just have to not expect any type of offense from Marcus at all and just be grateful for his defense. This is why he’s meant for the bench and maybe a saving grace is that performances like this will merit a less expensive contract 
Hes like a blackhole in the post when i see him post up i hope the ball gets swung the other way cause once he has it a bad shot brick is coming
I think the reason we are seeing these atrocious offensive possessions from him every game is Brad wants him shooting. If by some miracle, he finds his shot and he starts getting buckets, this team would be *unstoppable*. If he doesn't, well who cares its the regular season and we won't be seeing that come playoffs
People have been talking about his offensive game a lot, so yes, you can continue talking about his offensive game.
He has no driving game anyway. He’s worse at layups than open 3s. 
Maybe not every game but close enough. Other C's shooters have off games but Marcus' shot is off *every game*
All you do is bring negativity. We get it. You hate the Celtics. Thanks for telling us. 
I’m surprised brad hasn’t told him to tone it do. Even Marcus’s mom knows the man can’t shoot. In the one area we desperately need improvement on, he is a detriment to us.
He can post them up but it's worthless if you commit an offensive foul or can't finish.
Bad shooter in high school too. 
Not sure why you’re being downvoted for this. 
tbh he is missing open shots a lot too but at least im not that mad at them
Sorry I forgot you can’t use hyperbole with dumb fucks
But if he drives on open 3s there is no reason to guard him at the line. I’m disappointed with how terrible he is from 3, but he still needs to shoot open 3s if he can get them. 
####**Rondo Throwbacks**

* [18pts 17reb 20ast vs Knicks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ef9RB7KMXc) (Near 20-20-20 game)

* [44pts 8reb 10ast 3stls vs Heatles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4q5nqIRdBc) (2012 ECF)

* [29pts 18reb 13ast 2stls vs Cavs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfnSuVCoazo) (game with the infamous behind the back pass to Tony Allen w/ LeBron in the air)

* [21pts 8reb 7ast 6stls vs Lakers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9d2mSuCFRE) (2008 NBA Finals)

* [19pts 15reb 14ast vs Mavs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Neqfmwm644&t=90s) (very low quality but only footage I could find on YouTube)

#####Bonus Moments

* [Sneaking into the Heat huddle](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn-R8kbcFVg)

* [Hustle dive for ball vs Magic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32MjBkENi3M)

* [Passing Mixtape](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPQtu1C12v8)

* [Ball Fake Mixtape](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onbMF3WV6Mo)
Scary Terry
Thats my deepest fear-- first round exit. :( 
We can’t complain about illegal screens when we have Horford on our team.
Yeah but he’s also actually statistically the worst shooter in NBA history
I should have said worst shooter who actually plays and shoots
Just tuning in, the black unis looking sick!
We had to lose at one point. We shot poorly again, but onwards and upwards. We’re still 16-3.
FAKE 1 SEED
The bench is a black hole offensively. If we can get one cat to spark it, washoutnao!
You cold fam. Ice cold.
Got eem! I was worried about this and the Pacers game. Hopefully we smash the Pacers meow.
Need to bring in a shooter for the bench its been downright awful lately
You know what, I see what you mean, I'm not happy we lost, and I thought losing this streak would suck, but its not all bad. Like you said, our guys started to form bad habits and just not playing together. If they keep winning maybe the problems don't look like problems and they don't go fixed. The bad habits perpetuate until its difficult to get out of that mindset.

I hope this loss really humbles our guys and makes them want to improve, everyone can improve and that goes for coaching staff as well. Hopefully the sour taste of losing inspires these guys to play together again, like they were at the start of the streak. 


I’d rather have lost against almost any other team. Fuck Miami
I wish we lost to a team like Dallas though. Not Miami. Hate those guys 
You're dumb
It could have been worse. Would have been terrible to lose it to the Lakers, Sixers, Cavs, etc.
Fuck Miami
Maybe he should give the team.more credit?  It's a young team that went through an awful injury to start the season.  Why continue to downplay what they've done?  
I’m fearful of this
Brad did so this game and a bit in the Dallas game but he's gonna have to seriously stagger minutes so that one of Kyrie and Horford are always on the floor. There are some units that we're throwing out there that seriously cannot hit basic layups.
I'm actually disappointed with Smart's play this season
I mean. I wouldn’t. 
Hayward injury fucked us so so so hard. Our bench offense is an atrocity
Mix of poor bench shooting and missing Hayward. 
I disagree because every time we go on a run I feel it starts with Marcus on the defensive end of the floor. But the man needs to learn how to make a floater or something because all he does is waste time running pick and rolls that end up with bad 3pt shots or a contested layup/postup
You keep being wrong. 
The problem doesn't lie with the shooting, it's with broken plays. We need a facilitator off the bench who can initiate offense, or hit a shot if everything goes to shit.
Yet in the game thread yesterday I was told he's overrated and *anyone* could play like that under Brad.
It's no coincidence that our offense has slid while Horford's game has. Not sure why they have gotten away from the Kyrie/Horford 2 way game because it was fucking unstoppable.
He looks tired. His legs aren’t there on his shot. He works so hard; might be a guy who needs a game off here or there at his age.
LeBron has been in the negative 6 times this year

Curry 4 times


Plain and fucking simple: we can’t keep up shooting ~30% fg’s for the entirety of the game 
Huh. What do we do in a post game thread after a loss? I don't remember. 
Al hasn't had an edge in his game lately, looks kinda lost out there.
‪what does it mean when you have less points than the other team? i’m not used to this..? ‬
Al has been kinda ass lately
Al Horford can't have games like that. When he's bad he is so frustrating to watch.
Deserved that loss, can’t keep going down 18 every game 
At least we lost it to Maple Dick
Let me just say this: fuck the Miami Heat and I hope Pat Riley enjoys this moment until we eliminate them come playoffs. 
My grandparents just went into a home, my parents are divorced, and I realized I️ have no where to go for thanksgiving, just going to work. Fuck man, what is this feeling.
Jesus that was hard to watch
Hopefully this convinces everyone on the Celtics to up their offensive game
Fuck this trashy offense
That was brutal
My first celtics game i’ve attended :(
I knew it was gonna end eventually, but this game was so goddamn frustrating to watch, especially down the stretch.
our offense is fucking ballsacks. 
Didn't watch the game but not surprised at Marcus smarts stat line sadly. Seems like al had an off game but was +8 and theis was -14 in 9 minutes???? I know +/- is an unreliable stat but I guess al is just an anomaly of a player
We just shit the bed early in the game. How the fuck do we get down 18 so early. Just a really weak showing, but it was bound to happen. I hope our team looks at this game closely and adjusts moving forward.
Al was sick? illness? yips??
He was bad at last 3 games
Fuck, now we gotta listen to Stephen A. brag about this shit.
Yep now that the streak is over I’ll wear it again but not until at least Monday because I didn’t bring it with me to my parents for thanksgiving 
Somehow the heat still find a way to be absolutely irritating despite being so irrelevant.
I’m not sure what to do with my hands.
That loss was a long time coming. We can't keep trotting out a Rozier/Smart backcourt that shoots *that* badly and expect these double-digit deficits not to kill us.
Man I don't care what anybody says, our shitty offense was not the main reason. Heat fouled, traveled, stepped out of bounds, got weak ass fouls. Our shit shooting was the reason we were behind but the refs just gave them this game. 
Fuck the Heat and fuck Dragic and fuck the refs but we played absolutely fucking horribly and deserved to lose, yet still made it a 1 point (or tie game because Morris' 3 was a 3) game. Good loss. Let's start a new streak. 
Marcus Smart is just so bad for our offense. 
my bad
what is “lose” mean?
I :((((
People giving up on this team after a 16-3 start are a fucking disgrace. 
flare them all and they don’t get to celebrate our wins with us. worst type of fans. 
the word toxic used to mean something...
Why the fuck does that matter? 
Pfft, what do you mean playoffs?
Anyone who loses faith because the team went from 16-2 to 16-3 is somebody I don't want as part of the fanbase.
People were losing faith in this team last week during the streak....

There's a lot of stupid people out there.
They said he was yelling out the sets and positions during  the game because he knows the plays.  I guess that’s what it took for them to lose.
not to mention Morris had a three that was well behind the line that was called a two.
Hes been cold lately. Hes just like Brook Lopez in LA now, really hot to start the year, now cant hit anything. 
I think we're one of the worst teams in the league in shooting %, like high 20's? I'm on mobile and don't know how to look it up
Same here :( we can share the guilt at least.
I had the Fucking gamecast on NBA app on my windshield while I drove from Columbus to cinci. God damnit. 
Jesus Christ those were bad..
I haven't seen that at all, just a lot of people pointing out that he is statistically one of the worst shooters in the league right now. Which is why he should be getting a lot less minutes. Anyone else on our roster can get a clutch rebound, and all of them can shoot over 30%
Compare that to the second game thread when we were 0-1 and on our way to 0-2.

That thread was freaking radioactive with multiple mass suicides. And it would be IMPOSSIBLE to predict going 16-1 over the next 17 games... 
Fucking traitor!
I mean a lot of NBA players can make that pass. Jaylen's just not a very good passer. 
Yes :(
Who? Show me a legitimate fan who gave up on this team. If they did, they're retarded. And we have been playing with a lack of energy on offense
I think he meant rank, not %
I think he/she is just referring to raging fans for the poor effort put up tonight alone and then using this to judge where we stand now. Overreactors are nothing new. Please don't call anyone retarded too, sometime we are so in love with this team we are stupid and say stupid shit.
those people are idiots. you don't ever need to lose. obviously you will sometimes, but you never need to
Um....I'm not giving up on this team at all. I'm just not proud of how they played this game.  And I've been a fan since like 03 or so, so not sure what you're talking about. You need to stop thinking so highly of yourself.
I don't really pay attention to them. They usually tend to have extremely shallow analysis. They're the same people who criticize the Jaylen Brown pick and try to make it seem like Ainge makes bad moves.
So sloppy. We should have taken the lead during that run.
4th game in 6 nights.  2 road games in a row.  This shit was inevitable.
I hate Dragic. 
man we fucking HAD EM on the ropes
Tyler Johnson's face is unfortunate.  He looks like Delonte West's Amish son.
Flagrant.... are you serious. How is that a flagrant
Frustrating to watch a team just make everything. No way that continues though. 
I hate the Miami Heat so much 
Al’s been a mess shooting these past 2 games, we need him to find that stroke again
When al plays bad the whole team plays bad.
Reminder: Heat have the worst 2nd half offense in the league this year...
What random shit is gonna save us this time? I'm gonna guess Daniel Theis hits two 3s, gets a big block or two and gets the team going 
Fucking foul on Tatum and no travel smfh
That was a hard foul
What a stupid ass fucking foul. He had no chance of making htat
SCARY TERRY YES
That 3 is such fucking bullshit
Mad because they got it close and teased us but we 100% do not deserve this game
Is it time to panic? We're 1st round exits! 
Faith. Consistency. Hard Work Pays Off. 
oh shit tatum that was nasty
We haven't gone on a run one time in this game. Come on defense 
the crazy thing is, our team sucks at shooting.
Seriously you watch this offense and you see 3 guards randomly running around into each others, into opposing players, into the crowd. And Theis with the ball like "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING"
Let's fucking get it now.
I can't believe this is a close game.. we have been so bad.
Jaylen the fuck.
We deserve to lose this game the way we played
Miami fans just showing up for the game now. 
I WOULD HAVE RATHER LOST TO ANY OTHER TEAM THAN THE HEAT.  THEY HAVE STUPID ASS FANS
Whiteside scares the fuck out of me everytime we play Miami. 
Jaylen can finish at all sorts of crazy angles
I am annoyed that everyone besides Kyrie and Jaylen can't put the ball in the hoop.
God I hate Marcus Smaht
Kyrie angry
Horfords been kind of awful the past couple games on offense 
Brown just gave him a nasty elbow damnnnn
Fuck you dragic
Kelly o with 2 moving screens no call wtf if he was a celtic he would have got called like last year
Fuck Larkin landed so hard fuck fuck fuck hope he's OK
kyrie please just take the fucking game over. dont pass, just shoot 
Rozier is the worst player in the league tonight... :/
Kelly's salty that Ainge replaced him with another lanky white guy :(
Angry and sad but I believe. 
SCARY TERRY BITCH
I’m so mad
I'm slowly beginning to remember how shitty it feels to lose. 
I hate to say it but I have a feeling this is it. Too much Smart. He should be snap benched for that 3. It's a disgrace. 
semi hasn't hit a 3 in his past 80 mins on the floor. rooting for the shemi colon tonight!!!
Oh shooting 31% why? Worst shooters on team keep jacking up shots
That’s a weak flagrant
I hate when Mike says "Let's hear from Abby" and I don't get to see.
Tatums coming out game let’s go 
Sorry Kelly, but we're going to destroy your team in the second half.
Half court alley oop to Baynes? fucking why
Don't fucking touch our man Kyrie the fuck
Bring on angry Irving 
Fuck the refs
Warriors are getting blown out at least
I hate that they wait for the basket to be missed or made to blow the whistle. If it's a foul, blow the fucking whistle
Wtf was with Kelly’s face just now 
Dragic you fucking pussy Tatum would rock your shit
This is the stupidest fucking way to lose a game.
Wait wait wait! Is that mother fucker that has not watched a game watching the fucking game!!?!!! Lmao 
Why is Terry in the game?
Kyrie has officially found his groove. League is so fucked.
Give the fucking ball to Tatum
so frustrating they can make all these crazy 3s and marcus can't make a fucking bunny at the rim
If our bench doesn’t figure out how to score a little bit we are fucked 
Sometimes i really miss Hayward :(
There's going to be a game ... and perhaps this is it.... where we fail to make a comeback and the team just steps on our throat. 
Holy fuck missed 3s u serious 
God the bench sucks
Rozier is taking atrocious shots 
They got the lead now but there’s no way we lose to this weak ass heat team fuck Miami!
Morris with the pussiest foul in the history of the game. If you're gonna touch him fucking slap his wrist hard for fuck sakes
God, we couldnt hit water if we fell off a fucking boat. 
It's just a normal foul move on. Fucking stupid that these are considered flagrant
FLAGRANT? WTF 
That is fucking bullshit. 
Horford has been ice cold 
This could be worse
Business as usual
That was a really unnecessary alley oop attempt
brad's not happy.
Welp. I was wrong. Gonna need some suffocating defense and moving the ball on offense to get back in this. 12 minutes is a long time.
Bad day at the office 
This is a weird lineup..
How the fuck isn’t that a moving screen on Kelly?
They've been doing moving pin down screens away from the ball all fucking night
Can we hit some 3’s and get a stop? Please? Fucking PLEASE?
BALL DON'T FUCKING LIE!!! Spike that shit Tatum
Terry is too damn scary
Dear fucking god, was mentally prepared to hang this one up
How the fuck did that go in
what the fuck horford tho
Al what the fuck??
What in the fuck
What a terrible pass
WHAT THE FUCK JAYLEN
These calls are bullshit, that’s just some hard defense by Jaylen
Jaylen baby what the fuck is you doin
no luck fuck
FUCK IT BANNER 18 BOOGIE
Tired of this “dig ourselves a hole” fucking shit
What an unbelievably pathetic performance all around. 
Ah well.

Least there was an effort at the end there.


Blame of the game today: Jaylen Brown and Al Horford. 

Oh well. We were bound to lose anytime. I'm not pissed, just dissapointed.
Smart makes it very difficult to like him. 
Every time they show Gordon on the health report :'(
Kyrie and that wrong hand lay up is like IT and them reverse lay ups
Kyrie is fucking wizard 
Slow start as usual? Still otw home, fucking train is so slow. I'm aging as we pass each stop. 
If any of our guys bite on a Kelly pump game after watching him for the last few seasons I’ll die laughing
Shoot the fucking ball
Can someone explain to me the decision making of the last few minutes?

Shit is fucking terrible
This team commits an absurd amount of turnovers.
Not even bad luck, the team just looks straight up bad tonight
They can't keep shooting this well and we can't keep shooting this bad for a whole game. Not worried 
Kyrie and sometimes Jaylen are the only reliable scorers we've got the last week :(
COMES UP WITH A STEAL THEN GIVES UP A THREE! THIS IS WHAT MAKES ME MAD
This shot selection is fucking terrible, jesus christ
Can we have games where our health is not put at risk WTF
If this becomes a three-ball shoot off with Rozier, Smart and Morris on the court that bodes *very* badly for us.
Why we do this every game
this bench is weak. Our offense is eventually going to start affecting our performances 
Every postgame I complain about Marcus' shot selection and someone replies with something like "but he's only taken 5 contested 3s". Was that 3 contested? Because that was a terrible shot with 13 on the shot clock. Earlier he took a 3 and Gorman said "has to take it to beat the shot clock" but there were 8 seconds left when he shot it. Plenty of time to find something else. Am I crazy?
**OUR BENCH IS SO BAD**
Our bench is so bad.
Terry has been fucking awful
Fucking sloppy jesus. 
watching the celtics do stuff that makes them go down by 16 is really really hard. 
There we go! Fucking drive to the paint and get the fouls. Don't always need to chuck 3s
terry is so stupid with the ball. 
I think I’ve figured it out. If horford is cold our entire offense goes with him cept Kyrie and brown. Needs to change 
Wtfffff are u serious 
Where'd the tech come from?

EDIT: THAT'S A FUCKING FLAGRANT NOW?! GTFOH 
Flagrant 1? What the fuck. 
Couldn’t watch the first half :( but here’s my nephew!!

https://m.imgur.com/gallery/xcFA10Z
I don’t know the last time I saw a horford airball. He’s ice cold
Tatum...breakout game incoming
I mean we couldn’t shoot any worse so there’s that 
Guys, we gotta have our mental health checked. These holes are making us crazy!!!
Wtf
Man, we just look so slow everywhere. Team is probably gassed.
Rebounding has been terrible tonight
looked like he had his foot on the line to me unfortunately.
Killa C’s look tired
seriously when's the last time we didn't come from behind by 15+ in a game? Brooklyn a week and a bit ago?
Reminder that Marcus and Tatum are both 3/9 this game
The worst part about this is that Miami fans suck, they're one of the last teams I want to lose to 
Boys look exhausted, and rightfully so... Hope Brad fuels them with his words.
Wtf Theis
:(
God fucking damn it Maple Dick. 
We are really lazy tonight. Some tired legs out there. 
The team is shooting bad once again, but this time the defense is lacking too =(
Game plan: stay in front of your man. put the ball in the basket
Those are big FTs from a cold terry...and BS foul on jaylen 
TATUM DOESNT WANT THAT WEAK SHIT
JESUS CHRIST CALL A FUCKING FOUL
What a fucked up sequence.
Let's do this. Lets fucking do this. Suck my dick! 5 point game
2 POINT GAME
SCARY TERRY MOTHERFUCKERS
We're boxing out Whiteside so well, wtf
Tatum :(
Looks like Brad is sitting Kyrie the rest of the game?  Weird
ITS GETTING SCARY 
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
I don't even understand. Hard to comprehend this team
Tatum aint having none of that shit, bitch boi!
Hahah Dragic is a fake tough guy talking shit to a 19 year old 
This happens every game
My poor heart, my poor poor heart.
Fuck outta here Dragic
DRAGIK YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT
Dragic is just mad cause his team is getting dominated in the fourth
Are you fucking serious Al?
Fuck dion waiters
I may suck at basketball, but I can make my FTs :(
This hurts so bad
#FUCK WAITERS
WTF
Just don't make stupid mistakes guys c'mon
Just horribly played game by the Celtics. Going through the motions and they still have a chance
FUCK
Tough game for big Al 
The Clippers situation is making me want to overreact so bad.
We need to strenghten our bench badly
Waiters and Dragic basically singlehandedly beat us tonight...I’m sad
What a fantastic half of basektball we are playing. I know we have won 16 in a row but man...we play some stretches of some of the worst basketball in the league.
Would be genuinely shocked if we won this one.
Man i fucking hate the heat
On a side note fuck the Heat and Miami
Here’s your reality check, Celtics + staff: the number 12 team in the east is exposing your fucking 30% fg shooting.

Something. Has to. Change.
This is probably how the warriors felt that one night. Refs have been pretty bad imo
Jaylen just lost us that game 
Al Horford gonna break out tonight to make up for Mondays game
we don't run any offensive plays successfully period. This offense is horrific. No wonder we rank in the bottom on offense. Kyrie=Offense
Another game, another 18 point deficit to overcome. Let's go.
These are terrible shots. 
CAN WE PLEASE FUCKING NOT GO ISO 47 MINUTES OF THE GAME?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Where is the fucking rotation
 clear fucking travel
IM REALLY FUCKING ANGRY RN
Fucking hate that call and all calls like that. If you're a little man guarding a wing/big, get your head out of their fucking space. What do you expect????
well thats the game. we just aren't playing defense or offense tonight i guess
Shimmy shoulder fake!
Horford is pressing way too hard. 
Frustrating 
Winslow with the dumbass play of the game 
Dat fake tho
I think Horford is tired, but playing through it.  Shooting looks off.
Defense has bene bad
Holy shit this is madness.. Wtf are we doing
Why is every single pass being thrown behind people? C'mon guys
 horrible quarter
Damn that quarter was ugly. Heat getting to any spot on the floor at will.
Can we just run the “Kyrie in the 4th” offense all game?
our offence is getting worse and worse as the season goes on...what the hell is happening?

Mooks defense has been painful to watch so far this game tbh.
I just noticed Theis doesn't have on his usual compression shirt this game. 
Might be the worst bench showing all year to date
This game will ruin thanksgiving 
Terry needs to step up he’s been terrible past week
Is he that hard to defend?
This second unit has been playing god fucking awful these past few games.
Terry has been god awful. 
Why can't we shoot. Like ever. :(
Eesh another crazy bad night for our bench
I'm home!!!.. Wtf is this score?!
Jesus Christ guys, they play a bad first half and suddenly they are the worst bench in the league? Chill, ffs
i love this team but we are truly horrific offensively 
We shoulda considered bringing Jabari bird for this game. 
Fuck me man I really fucking hate how we are playing 
What a ridiculously bad angle by Smart on that screen. 
I understand why that is a foul, but I hate that it is. 
I hate that foul, offensive player can't even move if the defender sticks his face there 
Horford's shooting has gone cold
The worst thing is that we can't even blame this on Smart. This is just the entire team playing god awful apart from Kyrie who is carrying us like he is carrying the '14 Cavs
Holy crap horf 
Just turned the game on....uhh what tf is going on?
Dragic if you don't get yo flopping ass up. How does your slow momentum lead you to bounce five feet away from the guy who's contesting the rebound?
They're getting us with their pace, either got to beat them at it or force them to slow it down
This has been a frustrating game 
Kyrie having his worst game for us
Seriously?
That was a bad execution or my TV just broke 
Seriously can they miss something
the celtics offense should not be this bad 

i don't get it 
Why are we playing *AT* the Heat twice in a row before they have to play an away game against us even once?
Our worst games this year have been when Terry and Al have been cold. Marcus Smart is nearly always cold, so I don't consider that out of the ordinary. 
Miami just can't fucking miss tonight
"I've got a bad feeling about this."

- Han Solo and me
MAKE A FUCKING STOP
Tough when the Celtics can't get a bounce but the heat get every bounce basketball gods don't like us tonight
What a fucking bullshit bailout call. Christ almighty.
I hate Tyler Johnson.
Pathetic. Where's the communication
weak
=(
What the fuck is Marcus doing tonight?  Christ
What the fuck horford. WHERES THE HELP
Can we please get a fucking bounce tonight basketball gods
That last foul called on Jaylen was annoying...
Smart begrudgingly passed that to Tatum. He wanted to take it so bad, but knew that wasn't his job. 

Looks like Brad was going with the defense and rebounding small line up. I like. 
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
PLAYER 2: THE MASKED ONE , Enters the game
SCARY
LETS GET SCARY
SCARY TERRY OMG WE GONNA DO THIS
WHY CANT WE FUCKING HOLD THE BALL WHEN WERE DRIVING TO THE HOLE JESUS FUCK
2 point game baby. This is the one game so far where I had my doubts. BUT WE GOT THIS BOYS
Fuck am up Tatum 
Dragic you weird looking fuck stop it
IMPOSSIBLE IS NOTHING - MUHAMMAD ALI (BRAD STEVENS)
Tyler Johnson is one ugly dude
The fuck was that 
Marcus just outrebounded fucking Justise Winslow and Hassan Whiteside. 
Really wtf
Fluke fucking bounce 
K every bounce has gone their way I mean come on.
Game
Waiters just goes crazy sometimes
Why is waiters so clutch? We got so far :(
Mmmmmm fuck that might be game 
WTF JAYLEN?
Game
Need a 3 badly
Just kept shooting themselves in the foot this game.
tough...
Ball game. FUCK FUCK 
That’s game
To slow 
Well at least the Wizards and Raptors have lost/are losing also
We need a fucking miracle 
Kyrie is the shining light in this dark game. We played bad. 
Pathetic. 

And Marcus yelling at anyone is hilarious. Make a damn shot and then talk. 
Fucjing trade Marcus smart.  The team is already struggling making shots why keep the worst shooter ever around.  He insists on taking a ton of shots.  At this point I wonder if he hates the Celtics. 
Bad shots, bad defense, bad rebounding.

Bad fouls now too. 
Absolutely terrible defense all night. 
Our offense is so ugly 
That's so badly a shot that rookie jaylen misses but 2nd year jaylen knocks down
So frustrating.
FUCK THE REFS!
Fuck off Kelly
I really won't be mad if we lose. We were bound to lose eventually. But let's keep our hopes up!
God damn Kelly Olynyk is so frustrating to watch for an opposing team. 
Kyrie padding his crunch time stats

Don't hate it
wait someone actually think we can go undefeated like wtf?
Sucks losing to a dumpster team
What the fuck Jaylen. What a stupid fucking pass, oh my god. You lost us this game. Fuck.
What the fuck are you dong Marcus. Play some fucking defense. 
Al done fucked this game up tbh
Abby wearing an ugly ass blue dress.
Game over. 
Were losing this boys, least hopeful we've looked this year
Someone just please teach Rozier how to fucking play basketball
This is fucking sad. 
We lose this game. 100%.
If Jaylen can takeover the rest of the game and give us the W, my respect for him will increase. 
End of the streak. Fucking hate this team.
this is the game we lose
Scary terry is the least scary person. He’s been atrocious 
Dirty foul by kelly!!! I wanted to say that for a while 
how can the celtics be such a dreadful offensive team?
Jaylen got maple dicked :( 
Why the fuck is theis playing
Al what the fuck was that. 
It shouldn't be possible for someone as athletic as Terry to have such bad instincts finishing. 
Fucking Waiters.
Can you blame either Brad or Ainge for having a team that sucks at shooting year after year? 
Terry lost us the game
Wow what a terrible game. Just zero effort for most of the game
I don't wanna be pessimistic but we lost this game. This is shameful offense, no system, no idea what we're doing, just give it to Kyrie to go 1v4 because everyone else will just pass it around and create nothing. 
fuckin jaylen horford rozier choking hard
Baynes is so bad offensively
If Jaylen can average 18 PPG+ from the Warriors game until Christmas, then I will admit I was wrong and that he can be a future star prospect. He is definitely not like the beginning of the season.
Idk what to make of Jaylen's shooting. He takes bad shots with confidence... When you miss those, it's stupid. When you hit those regularly, it's "oh shit he's a monster, he can hit that"
20 points at the half by goran fucking dragic... how are we the number 1 defensive team
Fuck the refs
Game 
Seriously, why is he going under the screen? And 54 points in a half to Miami? where is the defense
Well, we were bound to lose a game eventually. 
Fuck this team. Fucking garbage
I'm so sorry
It’s 2.30am in Estonia, my girlfriend didn’t give it to me tonight and I got to be at work at 8am, but fuck that, LETS GET THAT STREAK TO 17 BITCVHES
I swear it was never this bad last year, it feels like things have shifted a bit. 
Yeah I'm confused by the negativity. We haven't even losslt the game hahaha
At the game. Can confirm, very uncomfortable. 
Yep. Fuck this fucking fuck. Brown with the worst turnover I've seen in a long time, just now letting the rebound bounce out of play to essentially go ahead and lose the game.

Anyway the game would be six points closer if the free throws were made and that lucky three didn't go in.
Yeah when hes was a celtic he would get 1 or 2 a game called on him now zilch
I went to game 7 of the finals in Miami in 2011, and they were without a doubt the worst fan base I had ever seen. Let alone it being a championship game.
I think people are just sick of going down 15 every game. It's stressful to watch.
"Regressing to the mean"
Disgusting
those people are the worst.
i dont think he’s cold, it’s just he doesn’t get enough shot attempts 
Because the folk on reddit aren't from Boston, and they're typing rather than watching the game. In Boston, fans don't give up.
Guilty as charged 😘😘😘
If only we still had Jonas :(
why do sharks swim? Terrible, contested 3s are just what he does. 
Well we got marcus taking 15 a game. There's a limited amount.
And fake af
i mean dion getting 2 threes in a row helps too
Dude, horford makes two of all his misses like he usually would and they would have won. This pathetic loss to a shit team shows how truly bad our bench is
he’s so fucking annoying in 2k 
Do we think he might be hurt? Off game a couple nights ago too.
League actually fucked
He moving screens all the time. So annoying.
Bruh, it’s just a game like any other down here
#LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Horford needs to fucking figure out what the hell he is doing too
Lule them into a false sense of complacency. Just like how you throw picks in the end zone to pin teams deep. It works
and a couple broken legs on miami
I've noticed this a lot lately
I can. Dude isn't afraid of anything. 
That's not really that unpopular. I know a ton of people defend him but his offense is easily bad enough to have never liked him.
Bad couple games, he will bounce back. 
Jaylen Brown for the dumb turnover. 
this is happening like every game now
Yeah lets post up our worst off player yupe trash again
A million reverse layups, approximately
Ya wtf was that shit
Except they moved their hate onto Baynes 
Probably make some awkward and forced conversation with family members I rarely see.
I'm not sure we have pilgrims in Serbia... Although our form of Thanksgiving is January 6 I guess? 
Hard to do without practice time. 
Ends the game with +20
She was at the Dallas game.
That was basically the Warriors game, but I know what you mean, the rockets are literally all offensive. 
Getting hit by the law of averages hard
I think they need a practice really bad. They have been playing every other day for a while now.
For once I'll agree with you. That was really really dumb. He'll learn from it though.
Rozier has been exceptionally disappointing this year 
How salty are you LMFAO. It's one game man don't be a sore loser.
Tatums wasn't bad albeit it was early and no pass.
Considering he’s already 0-4 tough
Ill take the under
Looked like a foot on the line. Fucking sloppy.
game of his life. what a bum
And a few late turnovers are hurting too
You've been shitting on Jaylen all game. Chill
You said that in the Warriors game so I hope it goes like that. 
Oh shut the fuck up
Really? You hate this team? C’mon man 
That's a weird way to spell 'Al'
You consider "turning it off" every game and then stick around anyway. No one cares to know if you do or not. 
Weak af
You're probably an idiot. 
get fucked
That's a bit of an overreaction after a 16 game run.
Fuck off 
It’s not even that, it’s hard to watch him play at this point 
It's an 82 game season. Who gives a fuck.  We were extremely due for a loss. 
I am dumb 
Those are "cold shots" Oh? I missed my last 5 shots? Let's see if that will change this time. Nope"
I think that his shot hasn’t somehow gotten worse like Smarts, and he doesn’t have mamba mentality
Over throwing fast break passes, repeatedly giving up DEFENSIVE rebounds, taking terrible shots, letting players go by for open layup/dunk  and having ridiculous amount of turn overs. That doesn't need practice. It seems they let their streak and the few games where they came back from 18-point deficits get to their head.
shit thats unfortunate 
the team have to lose someday... but i hope i'm wrong tonight.
ya dude fuck this guy
o shit i meant to say not lol
just that if there’s another bad team our Lakers pick is toast
Am I not allowed to come to this subreddit? I don't understand, you were on a 16 game winstreak and yet you're still salty.
disappointed =/= salt sore loser

Salt = "Well at least this Heat team can enjoy watching the playoffs from their fuckin living rooms"






Stevens could probably coach him up to horfords level on D, but yeah he's untouchable. Basically missing haywards contribution on offense and taking my frustrations out on horfords poor scoring as of late    
I'm not sure I fully follow. What does this accomplish that college doesnt? It seems like it just sorts out the busts but now you're stuck with them before they even play for your team
Much worse because of the defensive upside of Horford. If Blake could defend it wouldn’t be a question.
You can pay him...just not much more than 5 mil
He also did get a ton of guys with injury issues in the past
The worst has to be Tanguay 
If we didn't get Hayward he wouldn't of been a terrible plan b. We were going to be capped out so we had to get somebody 
All I know is Deandre Ayton on this team would be fucking N A S T Y. Imagine him in the Baynes role 
The fuck? No? Doncic > life
Looks like a clumsy thon maker
Money and Hinkie have both praised Zarren and said they think he should be a GM somewhere. So at least he gets some recognition for what he does.
Does this track team shooting or individual shooting?  If the Celtics defense is forcing passes to the worst shooters on the team (e.g. Lonzo), who then take uncontested shots, then that might account for this.  
Are defense is wearing teams down and the mentality and confidence is also taking a hit. Try shooting when you are tired it can get a bit harder. 
Unsettling!
>If the Celtics defense is forcing passes to the worst shooters on the team (e.g. Lonzo), who then take uncontested shots, then that might account for this.

Now that's a cool point I wonder if there's a metric for that
let's not forget Asante Samuel's dropped INT :'(
I compared each team to their average shooting. So *on average* we obviously can’t be better or worse than our average. But it could be that in games where the other team shot poorly we also shot poorly (eg maybe it was cold in the arena that day).

But on average that would cancel out. So it might affect the hypothetical 11-7 record (eg if all our bad shooting games were the same nights as the opponents’ bad shooting games then we could still be 16-2). But the fact that we go from +8 to +3 doesn’t change. And being +3 with a 16-2 record would be a real anomaly.
In a seven game series it comes down to adjustments and I believe Stevens is turning the corner on his ability to outmaneuver other coaches. 
It deserves to get downvoted because you're extrapolating that every team shoots the average every game
Maybe don’t try and tell Tom fucking Brady how to live his life
After the Warriors game I said they did not defend the perimeter that well and Klay and Steph will not shoot like that every night and got crucified for it.
Welker had to turn his body around and fully extend to get his hands on the ball.

And Brady could have take a little off the ball to make it go lower which is a much easier catch. 

Stop with the horrible excuses. Welker played well in both SBs. 
Idk.  I've watched that play a million times and it looks like Brady thought he had a touchdown or at least a situation where Welker would have one man to beat. 
Both hands is a tough catch when you have to adjust your body position severely to get your hands on the ball. 
That doesn't mean he shouldn't have caught it. You're just explaining why he didn't.
Oh Im sorry. Are inaccurate backshoulder fades caught at 100% now in the NFL? Especially to slot receivers? Damn. Things have changed. 
Pathetic.
I mean, we’ll have to give them something for Randle. 
And like a medium 5 behind that
But we just lost to the Heat =/
ah thats what i mean. we get it if its 2-5, they can get 1 or 6-30

my bad
Doubt we get the Lakers pick this year, unless by some miracle the ping pong balls the C's way. They'll be around the 7th worse team in the league all year 
You guys seriously think the Lakers are gonna be a bottom 6 team? Stop it and put away the drugs 
That spinal surgery is a litttttle scary though. Depends on how he recovers.
It was always going to be a struggle to make the Lakers worse than the Bulls, the Mavs, the Kings, the Hawks, etc. but it wouldn't require a ton of luck to make that pick convey. This is why Danny put that bottom protection on the trade. 
Holy shit!
The Jazz, one of the worst offenses in the NBA, is going to trade away one of their few offensive sparks? Yaaaaaaa, no
Once he adjusts to NBA refs, he should be a scary defender for us.
Some buddies and I have been working on a podcast called Celtic-Side Chat and currently have a few episodes if you wanna check it out : [Celtic-Side Chat](http://bostontolasports.com) 
I like the CLNS post game podcast. They take in calls from fans which brings color to the show. 
I'm with you brother fuck these clowns
you act like the internet isn't already fucked beyond comprehension
Fuck it why not. 
What would make it even more insane and unpredictable is if the Lakers Pick convey - especially a Pick 2 - however unlikely that may be
Fuck it mask on. 
3 1sts for old stars. Yup my memory is bad, fuck you. 
You’ll probably get shit from drunk people sitting around you but it usually doesn’t escalate 
See you there buddy my first nba game too go Celtics !!!!
Al Horford, who art in Boston, hallowed be thy game. 
You fucking jinxed us
This is fucking stupid.
I think you mean Gordo will rise and bring us banner 19, friend. 
As long as we don’t become annoying like the Lakers sub. They literally just posted a “highlight” of an ugly ass layup by Ingram on the front page of r/nba and it got upvoted like crazy by all their 12 year old fans. 
Is this a Game of Zones synopsis?
for fuck sake I have chills.
At least that's what they told me. 
He had a very dangerous and fearsome 17% 3t shot.
You can't ever go wrong when you got the stance of Scal Himself.
And deliver us from loses
Never had a bad experience at the Garden no matter where i've sat. I prefer loge myself but i've sat center-ish balcony a bunch of times
I am just going to believe that he is talking about Paul Pierce. Still makes little sense, but that is the truth I want it to be!
What confused you? 
That's heavy for a cbb game. Can only imagine the producers had to take some swigs from the flask after they got through the segment. 
Btw that shit tastes disgusting 
Oh shit Terry responds to fans. I’m gonna send him a dick pic!
I’m actually a little salty. I was at a philly preseason game and I sent him a video of him shooting around and told him to give philly hell. He didn’t open it yet :(
Some accounts require that but Scary Terry ain’t like others 
This just in: Roddy White believes the Celtics Dunn fucked up.
I'm not sure about Lamelo. At least we know LiAngelo can rack up them steals
Nate Silver seriously named his metric Carmelo. What the actual fuck
I know we hate Ray around here, but god that must suck. I can't imagine how embarrassing this has to be for him.
As KG once said, fuck Ray Allen
I don't hate Ray. Sucks how things ended but 2008 will always be special.
I don't hate Ray. Go UConn!
bad for an NBA players wife
Send anything private on Twitter is idiotic.
or he's just an awful husband
Don't worry, Gordon will fix all that on 3/23. Stay woke, it's gonna be crazy G.

*neatly places tin foil hat on head*
4 consecutive games of sub-20 point bench production is not that small of a sample size.
ESPN are just blatant sleepers
that's not true....THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!!!
:(
That story about him shooting some hoops with a random kid in Cambridge after he had parent teacher meetings at his son's school solidified me rooting for him.
I hate thay they are teammates.  When we inevitably meet them in the playoffs ill be hoping for IT to brick every shot and it will feel bizzare
I want to see a Smart/Morris PNR with Semi weak side corner and Terry/Theis working off ball to create vacuums.
Just use per-36, you don't have to worry about excluding that game:

|Season|Age|Tm|G|MP|3P|3PA|3P%|2P|2PA|2P%|FT|FTA|FT%|ORB|DRB|TRB|AST|STL|BLK|TOV|PF|PTS|
|:-|:-|:-|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|-:|
|2011-12|19|CLE|51|1558|1.7|4.2|.399|6.4|13.0|.491|4.0|4.5|.872|**1.0**|**3.4**|**4.4**|**6.4**|1.2|**0.5**|3.7|2.5|21.8|
|2012-13|20|CLE|59|2048|1.9|4.9|.391|6.6|13.9|.474|4.4|5.1|.855|0.6|3.2|3.8|6.2|1.6|0.4|3.4|2.6|23.3|
|2013-14|21|CLE|71|2496|1.8|5.0|.358|5.9|12.9|.458|4.2|4.9|.861|0.7|3.0|3.7|6.2|1.6|0.3|2.7|2.4|21.3|
|2014-15|22|CLE|75|2730|2.1|5.0|.**415**|5.6|11.3|.491|4.2|4.8|.863|0.7|2.4|3.1|5.1|1.5|0.3|2.5|**1.9**|21.5|
|2015-16|23|CLE|53|1667|1.8|5.7|.321|6.7|13.3|.502|3.6|4.1|.885|**1.0**|2.4|3.4|5.4|1.2|0.4|2.7|2.3|22.5|
|2016-17|24|CLE|72|2525|2.5|6.3|.401|**7.0**|**14.0**|.505|4.2|4.7|.**905**|0.7|2.5|3.3|6.0|1.2|0.3|2.6|2.2|**25.9**|
|2017-18|25|BOS|17|536|**2.6**|**7.0**|.375|6.6|12.8|.**518**|**4.5**|**5.0**|.893|0.5|3.2|3.7|6.0|**1.9**|0.4|**2.4**|2.5|25.7|
Thank you Timi! What a rollercoaster game. It's all about eighteeeen!
for some reason, i can recall a memory i had in the second grade.... i was in the cafeteria, and i had the choice between egg meat and chicken corn cakes.... i thought to myself, if i choose the egg meat, 19 years from now the celtics might lose to the heat on november 22nd, 2017. unfortunately for me i was yougn and chose the egg meat so i'm sorry but the celtics will lose tomorrow boys. sorry
Gavin ffs don’t you DARE watch that game.
We don't have any game in the damn bag. We nearly blew the streak against the worst team in the league on the back of 80% of the team forgetting how to shoot while shitting themselves for 2 quarters.
I flew on American Airlines yesterday and when we were down late I figured I must have fucked up majorly, as I forgot we were playing in Dallas. But alas, our lord and savior Kyrie cares not so I say do as you must and watch them beat the heat.
Just watch. This is superstitious bullshit.  You watching has no affect on the outcome of the game.  


I just can't quit it man, I've been itching for a game. Just one quick game, s'all I need man! And then I'll be done!
It's so hard!
I'm so so sorry
Well that's not very nice!
I'm sorry
That's insane. Magic era?
pshhhhhh. Nah its totally all him. Get out of here with that crazy talk.
We need players on the second unit that know how to hold a lead and that can score Bc this is getting absurd. Rozier isn’t the guy I thought he’d be.
agree on the bench. Scary Terry disappeared and Ojeleye has been gun shy lately. Was Theis maybe a little dazzled by Dirk, too?
That this game
Yeah 3 out of 4 with thanksgiving between going to be very tough to get all 3
You mean the Jae Crowder who hit 40% of his 3s?
Fucking do it
Srsly tho, Marcus Smart looked fucking Ray Allen in that game!
 Yeah smart is the worst shooter I have ever seen.
Thats awful jfc
Sorry mate, a gentleman doesn’t suck and tell.
Seriously...so bad.  The Mavs were literally letting him have any shot beyond the arc because they knew he would miss them.  The pacifist version of Hack-a-Shaq...

But that +/- and those hustle plays down the stretch...mmmmm
ew Anna's is disgusting

edit: love how I'm just getting the hard downvote for this. Yeah, fuck this kid, he doesn't like Anna's! 
And his defense was sub par which made him frustrating to watch. Little value on the court in the post season. 
Smart takes tons of shots despite being the worst shooter in the league.  Wouldn't call that being afraid to shoot
Which is unfortunate 
Hes not taking it away,  4 of those 3s were open shots. 

Stop hating blindly.
YOU DIDN'T WATCH THE GAME. I actually thought you had a point. But this confirms it. I was worried i might be in the wrong. Ahahaha

TIL The Rockets had a 22 game win-stream in 2008, came in to Boston and got blown out.
Doing the math, 75% of the time that a team won 16 in a row, they won their next game!
  
(There's 7 other 16 game streaks and 21 longer streaks on the list.)
Ah shit, we play the Bucks when we would be at 22. They are streak killers!
It's a tough job lads
Ya, the Bucks have ended the 2 longest streaks in history. They stopped the Lakers 33 game streak and Warriors 28 game streak.
I'm just saying the celtics should have gotten credit since they tired them out /s
IKR it's exceptionally scary to think that Brad isn't unleashing Tatum to his fullest capacity
53/4 in that Wizards playoff game
[Bird dropped 50/13/7 on 19/25 shooting \(17pts in the 4th\). Needless to say, it didn't go to overtime.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lva27LFgsrs)
Brad is riding them hard ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Can confirm.  Was at the Brooklyn game and there was so much green it felt like I was at the garden 
Oh shit!!! He's my dad too!!! Hug me, brother!!!
Ive seen you hoop. Jaylen would probably consider that a failed test.
Huh. Google lied to me then :-(
Warriors forfeit after game 2 losing 184 to 35
Kyrie Irving game statsbot

Kyrie Irving season statsbot
been reading those stats still pale to IT.  anybody have a stat comparison analysis?
I think in last 5 min within like 10 points, that might be wrong but it’s something like that
dude can’t see past his anti-Boston bias, had to unfollow, got no time for unprofessionalism like that
>After fighting his way from the grips of the bald King


Say no more. +1
The Green Prince has woke!
Well put! Look up to the stars! Witness the rise of the green prince and rejoice! 
Sorry I may have jumped on the Kyrie MVP train
Same. I was one of the people thinking it's a little crazy he was number 2 and now I'm here asking myself who this Harden fellow is.
The articles aren't bad, but I tried the NBA podcast the other day and thought it was awful. Seemed like a bunch of indecipherable Brooklyn hipsters, which isn't my cup of tea.
This fucking team man 
Kyrie saying fuck you to Cleveland and LeBron and ending up in Boston makes me hard AF
This fucking team man 
Fuck it. The earth is flat. 
Kyrie is a mean, mean man.
The amount of people in the game thread who said the celtics were going to lose when they were down late in the 3rd/early in the 4th... jesus...
#ITS ALWAYS A RACE TO POST THE MEMES IN THE POST GAME THREAD 
Kyrie's ball handling skills are unbelievable
Hate watching Smart play ball.   Bricks.

Horford 5 shots.  Smart 15 shots.  WTF????
Kyrie is a fucking goat
kyrie knows this game has always been, and will always be...

ABOUT BUCKETS.
FUCK YOU ROUND-EARTH HATERS CALLING GAME IN THE 3Rd. 
I WANT THE GOLD 
What these young bloods need to know this game is and always will be about buckets !!!
WHOS FUCKING WOKEEEE
They won that game despite literally never having momentum on their side
Phew tough one. Gotta say these games have been getting increasingly difficult to keep the streak alive. But damn I'll take it. Kyrie carried us. 
INSANE = Kyrie's 88% true shooting this game
That was a frustrating game. Kyrie is so clutch. Mavs showed they really wanted it, but fuck em! Dirk and all you mofo Mavs, suck my dick!
HOLY FUCK KYRIE IS MY DAD
This game was too close for comfort.
Celtics tried their hardest to loss that game and still won. Kyrie Irving has ice veins!! 
Does anyone else's angus clench when we dig ourselves into a hole? Props for doing clutch stuff to save our bacon (aka Kyrie) but our offensive inconsistencies are scary.
tonight  BOS was in danger, but KI#11 was unbelievable~
I haven't watched the game, Kyrie goes berserk 
Celtics escape another game narrowly to bad Lebron is coming to father the Celtics once again #kingjames
GIVE ME THE FUCKING GOLD!!
You gotta be racking up some serious karma lately my dude ☘️💃🏻
My God am I a Marcus Smart fan. I never questioned him until tonight, that bricking was painful and endless. But hell, I knew he'd make game-winning plays...
Seriously! These are the plays we have Marcus for, but his shooting is bad news for us 
We let him shoot to have false floor spacing. Make people think he's a threat.
How can Marcus get any worse as a shooter? It is seriously unbelievable. That said he still makes critical plays down the stretch.
Unless it's from 3 feet behind the three point line
47 fucking points tonight. Unreal.
I'M SORRY DO YOU KNOW WHO SET THE PREVIOUS RECORD!?
There's no player in the league I'd rather have with the game on the line
Well obviously that was his fucking plan
We didn’t for the Atlanta trap game, apparently. No reason to learn our lesson this time.
at least the second time he's heard this during an away game
Tragic.
Fuck. 

I am in a hotel you guys. With my wife and kids. They are sleeping and I am reading this fucking thread and my gut hurts so bad from trying not laugh out loud. I’m crying it hurts so bad to laugh this hard. 


it's seriously getting to that point.
Yeah I would like to be a reporter for a day and ask Brad why he lets this continue game after game. 
Kinda same, was just frustrated to not see them drop
It is turning into a problem. Anemic offense from the bench is the reason why we've played several tight games against bad teams.
Kyrie sits on the Fucking Iron Throne, man...
The plus minus is a lie. 

This game is about buckets. 
Yeah, if Pierce and Walker were playing with Kyrie, Hayward, and Horf equivalents your statement might make any fucking sense at all.
I’m sick of just getting a taste. I want the whole gold.
#THAT THIS GAME#
Do not bring in that bullshit +/- crap. 

WHAT THESE YOUNGBLOODS NEED TO UNDERSTAND

IS THAT THIS GAME ALWAYS HAS BEEN

AND ALWAYS WILL BE

ABOUT BUCKETS. 

It took Marcus most of the game to achieve understanding. 
uhhh it could've been the sequence saving the ball from going out of bounds for the Kyrie three or the huge three pointer he hit when he was smothered. He was awful from the floor, but he made the plays when it counted and we got the W. 
Wrong. 
After the streak, brother (so yeah sorry never gonna happen)
yeah I mean Marcus shot like shit, but we also had an absurd number of turnovers too 
Seriously, he had a bunch of them rim out. 
Just beat the Eagles in the playoffs and I wont feel bad about the intentional grounding call and our defense sucking. 
Tonight he shot bad 3s, but it’s mostly him finishing in traffic that bothers me. 

Another problem I have is his positioning behind the line. He’s sometimes 1-3 feet behind the line, and changing the distance can’t help. He needs to find a spot or a distance to shoot from to cut down on some variables. 
Please explain, this is an open dialog, am I wrong. Youre a fan, Im a fan, were all fans, please lets discuss, what do you think? 

The problem is there's a sect of Cs fans who are obsessed with defending this dude for some reason
Bad shooting life 
WE ALSO COULD HAVE WON BY FUCKING 40 POINTS IF HE DIDN'T TAKE A SINGLE FUCKING SHOT IN THIS GAME
With how god awful he was shooting that game, I was hoping the ball land to anyone but him
but Tatum can create for himself, so give Smarts shots to Tatum. Ill take a Tatum in the post shot over anything Marcus shoots. 
This kid is so damn solid it’s crazy. 
Ugh I hate it when they don't just drive into the paint on these game-winners. I know there's nothing to lose by missing but no need to settle for a tough step-back jumper that will be defended. 
He looked locked the fuck in
Still can't believe they didn't give it to Dirk for his signature fadeaway game winner. 
Chris Mannix is so fucking annoying I swear
Gotta be that guy, but Kyrie with the terrible initial pass.
You gotta respect Dirk, he's still playing, contributing... but is so slow now, and such a liability on defense. Just watching him in this sequence kinda makes you sad. 
You guys are silly. That's how they drew up the play.
That dumb fucking powerstance hes always in behind the desk makes him look like a giant douche. That and the hair
It's getting very hard to watch 
It’s all in his head. You can see it in post game interviews. Down, down, down. 
I think Brad doesn't force his players not to be someone that they aren't and Smart has just bad shot selection. Except when doing hack-a-player though
As a coach. You tell him to stop shooting. Looks like he just lost us the game because of his terrible decision making on offense 
I'm so sick of Marcus Smart spam
I dunno - I thought that a lot of the threes he took tonight were open and within the offense against that weird zone.
If he was an average, or even slightly below average, shooter he wouldn't have to make these hustle plays to justify his playing time. The game would have never have been that close if he made just 1 additional 3, making him still an awful shooter.
I think what's tough is that he SHOULD take open/in rhythm shots, but missing them is at this rate is not helping the offense
glorified pick up ball for the pro's....and their getting paid. 

basically the life besides the living in china part(i know its not THAT bad when you're well off)
What does that mean? Were they debating who to pick? Referring on trading number 1?
Still mad that the kid doesn't want to play for the Celtics and stood up Danny and Brad. What a tool. Now, look at Tatum killing it while he still sucks at PHX. 
I hope Jaylen gets over his yips from the line - giving away probably 2 points per game with misses
Wait he’s shooting 40% from 3? Jesus Christ I knew he got better but that’s insane
I'm still going to be mad. 
I'm not that we didn't get him, I like Tatum right at the bat. What I hate is him being disrespectful towards the organisation. 
I mean he has to compliment his game too, they seem to be friends
What is wrong with his knee? It hasnt healed since preseason...
wtf where did this come from
Nader might be the only player on the team that is objectively bad
How the fuck do they not look at the clock or call that foul? WTF
Marcus Smart does so many things well but this is getting ridiculous. Is this the worst cold streak in NBA history?
It’s so hard for me to not love Marcus
Marcus is one of the worst shooters I've ever seen
Nader is terrible. Why is he playing? 
#AL Y'ALL BITCHES IN HERE WOULD GIVE UP ON A PIECE OF CHICKEN IF THE CENTER WAS A LITTLE PINK.

#DONT YOU KNOW WE CAN THROW THAT SHIT BACK IN THE OVEN?

#GAME'S NOT OVER
**BRAD IS MAD.**
Theis looks so weird without a tshirt underneath his jersey
Abdul “fuck it” Nader 
WHY THE FUCK IS BROWN OUT OF THE GAME!
To all fans that doubted us, there is the fucking door.

We don’t deserve this wholesome team
Damn...got a bad look and didn't leave enough time for the 2 for 1. Carlisle is a magician too. This looks bad.
Ohhhhh shit. Angry Brad bout to draw up some plays. Let’s gooooooo!
was tony allen as bad as marcus smart offensively?
I feel like Al could do with a rest, he's been uncharacteristically sloppy the last few games. 
sloppy turnovers. not winning 50/50s. really bad effort tonight. 
Game's not over fellas, time to dial up the defense and grind this out.
Barea is mad because his attempt to drop a shoulder on Brown didn't do shit and all it ended up with was Brown going the other way with the ball because of trying to sell a non-existent foul
wtf refs, that’s literally one of the only times when it makes sense to check the time. 
Lost the 3rd quarter by 11 points to one of the worst teams in the league. That's embarrassing
16

fuck you Marcus Smart, it took unreal effort to beat THE WORST TEAM IN THE FUCKING LEAGUE BECAUSE YOU PUT US INTO THIS SHIT

16
Kyrie and Jaylen gone fuck around and drop 60 each 
Death, taxes, and Jaylen Brown falling for a pump fake, still the goat
holy fuck kyrie
Nader is fucking awful

Came here just to say that
These refs can kiss my fucking ass for calling this ticky tack shit
Brown tripped, he didn’t flop. These Mavs commentators are awful. 
Marcus' with one of the worst combined performances I've ever seen tonight. 
IT'S A GAME BOYS
wtf my fellows
LETS FUCKING GO
#Kyrie is clutch as fuck
KYRIE HANDLES HOLY FUCKINGN SHIT AND 111111111111!!!!!!
Kyrie holy fuck
I hope kyrie goes off for 50 and makes /r/nba shut the fuck up
Why didn't Jaylen throw that down? I wanted it so bad....
"OHH SHIT!"
We'd be up by 20 if we had a bare minimum mediocre shooter taking these Marcus shots
Nader look so scared. And he runs weird
Feel like there hasnt been this frustrating a stretch of marcus games in a looooooooong time. Man this is bad
TERRIBLE CALL!
Fuck, we're getting locked up by the Mavs. What is this
Technical foul? Did that stupid ref get his fucking feelings hurt or something? It's sports, not a fucking tea party. 
Fuck this game so hard right now

JUST GIVE IT TO KYRIE
Powell blatantly slaps the ball out and tries to argue? gtfo
This is an exceptionally frustrating game.  
I’m so confused why Al is invisible this game...seriously hurts us
I fucking hate Barea. Wants to play physical but either flops or gets pissed when there isn't a foul call when he's beat.
Morris has been atrocious
Why the fuck is Jaylen not in the game. 
Tatum nasty in transition. 
Jesus fuck
this game is going to fucking kill me
This game is gonna give me a hemorrhoid 
IF YOU SAID THIS GAME WAS OVER EARLIER GET THE FUCK OUT. YOU DONT DESERVE THIS TEAM
Fuck u refs
Just give Kyrie the fucking rock 
MARCUS CAN U FUCKING NOT
I'm about to heat up some Pizza Hut and remind everyone that this is, in fact, NOT a trap game
ITS A FUCKING 2-3 ZONE THIS ISN'T DIFFICULT
Welp. I mean, I'm not saying we cant make a run at it but Rick Carlisle has got Brads number tonight.
God-tier trap game.  Trappiest of all trappy traps.  Let's not let Retro Dirk appear.   They just beat a quality Bucks team - don't let them get momentum.  Keep up the defensive aggressiveness.  Build on the efficient offense we saw last game.
Holy fuck somebody told the offense we had a game today

And they showed the fuck up

Mama 

There

Goes

That 

Man 
Kyrie’s handles are just absurd.
#I'm hard
Holy fuck, Kyrie is nuts
KYRIE WHAT THE FUCK
THEIS VS DIRK WHAT DO I DO WITH MY HANDS

But seriously I hope Dirk works with him in the summer helps him grow his game
Jaylen's defense is just fucking obscene. The Kawhi as his star comparison are legit. He's fucking EVERYWHERE. 
Wtf were those two turnovers Brown
If Jaylen and Kyrie can’t miss shots, Marcus and Terry can’t make shots. Both have been shooting bricks for quite a while now, second unit is literally unable to score the basketball. And they never pass the ball to the open Tatum. It’s so frustrating. 
This is beyond pathetic. Put the fucking starters in. 
Can't wait for the Limbo Queen during half time!
Wtf is this circus mavs shit ? 
Seriously, I'm done with Marcus 
Did Marcus place a bet on the Mavs?  He single handedly destroyed the team out there.  The bench is suffering because he insists on forcing shots.  Marcus needs to not shoot  again this game.  He's hurting the team
Holy shit this girl has got talent. I just went rock climbing before the game and fucking sucked! So unathletic :'(
Holy shit I just realized it was halftime, just zoned the fuck out with this limbo and music.
Why is Kyrie not shooting the fuck out of the ball?
Why does every single game have to give me a heart attack
Our bench is our Achilles heel can't buy a fucking bucket 
Down 15? Guaranteed W
Up 15? Fuck me 
Fucking shameful officiating.
Smart, 1-9; 0-7 on threes.  This is simply inexcusable for an NBA player.  Shoot, it's inexcusable for a high school player.  And it's not like this is an aberration.  I don't care how much he adds defensively.  It can't offset his horrible, horrible, horrible shooting.
This is beyond pathetic 
That beak-nosed chinless motherfucker Nick Wright will probably take another shot at Kyrie after this game despite the bench guards shitting diarrhea all over the court.
Smart is fucking atrocious tonight 
So WTF is going on here?
Does barea piss anyone else off? Instead of trying to draw the foul all the time just play the game, then he acts like he should get calls because he’s small, fuck you jj barea 
Take Morris out of the game please 
I can't even watch this shit. What the fuck are these turnovers?
Dirk illegal screen wtf
What an absurd sequence
that might have been the most insane 15 seconds of the season 
the fuck just happened
Wtf that play with the two saves was nuts
Go home game, you're drunk.
Brad is cookin up somethin vicious
#TATUM WITH THE ROCK HARD D BOISSSSS
Nbc sports app is utter shit it just froze as soon as they threw the ball in. FUCK 
Holy shit Jaylen with that ridic shot, breaking down Dirk too???? mmmmm!!!
Kyrie putting the team on his back for this game. What a beast!
this. FUCKING. TEAM. 

THIS IS OUR TEAM.

NEVER DIE.
47 points on 22 shots. Thats insane.
Kyrie is on his game rn 
This is the masked Kyrie game we been waiting for
KYRIE IS FUCKING INSANE WHAT
Why is Marcus legit so bad at shooting lately 
Can the Celtics recover from a devastating 12 point lead? ~ESPN probably 
"OH, SHIT!"
Dallas have missed BAD on a few shots
Is it wrong that I want this to stay relatively close so Kyrie and Jaylen can come in and score a ridiculous amount of points. 
Sorry guys, as soon as I started watching we've hit 1 shot.  I'll turn it off.
Oh my God Abdel Nader is so so so bad
Man, what an awful second quarter.  Seems like Marcus forcing shots and being a brickmaster ruined the teams flow.  The guy needs to stop shooting until he learns proper technique.  It's embarrassing for a professional to be this bad
We have a horrible case of playing down to opponents. 
This shouldn’t be a one point game at all 
Marcus Dumb
PASS THE FUCKING BALL MARCUS DUMB
We are just not used to leading the game in the 1st half. 
Silver linings:

Kyrie fucking Irving
Smart's shooting is terrible. What he needs to do is passing the ball.
Guys, its a fucking 2-3 zone
stop fucking switching the barnes pnr
Slow it down and grind it out baby. Thats our recipe anyways.
Kyrie and Brown are a combined 15-20. Rest of the team is 7-29. Wow that's awful.

Edit: Mainly the Marcus brothers at 3-17.
I guess the worst team in the nba isn’t going to miss?
16 turnovers wtf
Plain and simple: the team that isn’t missing and getting offensive boards *will always* beat the team that can’t fucking buy a bucket 
Looked like a shit call imo. Weak very weak 
That wasn’t smart that was just a terrible call
Remember when we tried rebounding. Not sure why we stopped.
Out of everyone Powell and barea are the ones fucking us in the ass lmfao
BAD turnover
Jesus fucking Christ Morris.
Fk u harrison barnes. Choker in the 2016 finals. Fuck you
7 pt game cmon!
LET'S GET IT BOIS WE IN THIS GAME
WTF??????
HOLY FUCK
WHAT A FUCKING SAVE BY TATUM HOLY Fuck
Bad shot by Jaylen...
Terrible shot. Just not needed at all. 
Dumb shot by Jaylen
Are you fucking kidding me Marcus...
HOLY FUCK SMARTTTTTTT
Not pretty but we some how got a tied game.
HOLY FUUUUUUCK THAT STOLE TO DIRK AND PASS TO TATUM HOLY FUCK
Marcus fuck you for doing this to me
Was a bad play imo
That was not a good inbound play from the inbound play god.  Risky pass to a 3 sprinting off of a screen.
Fuck I'm so nervous.
There should be 1.2 seconds on the clock 

NBA needs a fucking coaches challenge on this pathetic shit by the refs.
Jason Tatum just locked that down to save the game. You don't see rookies pull that off on defense, what a stud
What the fuck is that bullshit from the refs. You have the ability to review the time, you market the shit out of the "Replay Center in Seacockus, and you're not gonna look there? Fuck that. 
Wtf is als problem? Dunk that shit 
Holy FUCK. We did it again!!
Goddamnit fucking idiot Marcus Smart is shooting the Celtics lead to shit. Fucking stop shooting you dumbass
Marcus sucks on offense 
This is tough to watch. Our shots aren't falling, we are getting no respect from the refs, and we are turning the ball over. Recipe for disaster 
We need to stop defending Marcus' offense. He is the worst volume shooter in the league and kills any momentum on offense.
Game trappier than 21 savage
Late ass whistle
The way the mic the rims in the Mavs arena, is so annoying. Sounds like my head is behind the backboard. 
Detroit is getting fucked wrecked
17 for Kyrie, what’s the over/under on an 100 point game?
Semi on dirk is a weird sight
Is Marcus trying to set a record for missing shots? It's not really hurting the team at all, but this shit is crazy!
If there were a game for Marcus to find a little groove offensively, this is the one. 
Marcus single handedly keeping these mother fuckers in the game 
You gotta imagine some of our guys get frustrated with Smart continuing to chuck up terrible shots
Jayson Tatum has crazy moves wtf 
Boy we've gone ice cold
Fouling seconds after entering the game. Justnaderthings
The bench is fucking brutal 
This is weak.. Why not just curbstomp them and put up a 20+ pt lead and then rest starters
Why is this game this close?
Takin a lottttttt of bad shots
Shades of the Nets game smh
Thank God Kyrie is back in, wtf was that stretch.
Convinced that we need Yabu in the game
Nader is not good.
Why is Nader in this fucking game
Jabari Bird > Nader wtf
Al with 0 shots and both Marcus combined for abt 12 missed shots.. This is ridiculous
I'm not watching the game. What on flat Earth happened?
What a horrible quarter hahah
Kyrie is on fucking fire!
KYRIE WHAT THE FUCK
Holy fuck ky
Kyrie making up for his 0 point game 

Fucked up his averages 
Guys, I still can't believe we have Uncle fucking Drew on our team. This motherfucker is on our side. 
Why are we letting all the worst teams in both conferences fucking play us?
Shitty teams playing with confidence is the worst..
What a fucking pussy ref.
That Dallas chick behind the scorers table was /r/mirin kyrie 
I want 20 in the 4th from Kyrie so bad
this is sad
Damn that was Smarts worst shot of the night from a selection perspective. That one hurt to watch 
these fucking bricks are killing me 
They're really going to lose this streak to fucking Dallas, unbelievable 
Dirk is nasty...
god damn, I hate the turnovers. 
REBOUND THE FUCKING BALL
**WE SHOULDVE WON THIS GAME**
Celtics at this point just don't want this game.
Yep enough fucking around with our bench
WHERE THE FUCK IS KYRIE??? 
Fucking Christ Marcus
Atrocious lineups from Brad tonight - didn’t utilize Theis nearly enough and let some terrible guard units stay out there for extended periods of time
u/thegavin must be watching this game. Please turn it off bro
I hate Marcus so much
This is depressing to watch
Both Marcus' have been atrocious 
no more marcuses
With how bad Marcus is shooting it's also overshadowing how bad Terry, Morris and all our secondary options have been.
NUMBER FUCKING ZERO
CELTICS PLAYING 4D CHESS WHAT THE **FUCK**
If only smart could make all those hustle plays without being the worst shooter
Terrible decision by Jaylen. Take it to the basket.
WTF MARCUS JESUS
What the fuck is life?
holy shit that little girl's high-pitched screaming at every play that you can hear on the broadcast is so fucking annoying
Of course Marcus was brick all fucking day till last minute 😭
that gamble toss across the floor to kyrie was not wise
Why am I so jittery for a November game
At least we're getting OT.
Dude we should have like 1.2 WTF
I feel physically sick
Fuck I get an aneurysm every time we miss.
HES HALF YOUR FUCKING SIZE AL WHAT THE FUCK
Kyrie is a fucking god
WOW FUCKING KYRIE 
Seriously dude fuck jj berea. Thanks for beating the heat in 2011 but now you can fuck off
WTF KYRIE IS UNSTOPPABLE
The fuck I tell you. Kyrie's boutta drop 50
THERE IT FUCKING IS
ThIS gAmE iS OvEr!
Kyrie fucking Irving icing another game with 8 points in OT man is a fucking machine. 
LETS FUCKING GO
Marcus throwing bricks as usual.
Nader wtf man
Fuck you Marcus Smart you’re so fucking trash
This team is fucked without Jaylen Brown
If your friends understand the NBA but don't understand the EA controversy, just tell them that when it comes to shooting, Steph Curry bought loot crates and Marcus Smart is playing the base game.
If the offense is gonna be this dull just put it in Kyrie's hands jesus
I am so fucking sick of Marcus jacking up threes and bitching to the refs after shitty fouls. Just stop already 
I was at the last game the Celtics were in Dallas! Crazy how time flies by... Our boys Jaylen and Tatum are growing up so quickly :'(
That's a nice shirt Dirk had on, too bad he will have terrible memories of the night he wore it...
Anyone worried about our slow starts? 
Go Celtics! A little late to the party, please forgive me
Angle was an awful play 
Holy shit Barea was legit like "where did Kyrie go?!"
We are just automatic. Kyrie pushing some serious pace.
That rim is clanky as fuck
WTF Mcus
I wonder how drunk you would be if you took a shot for all of Marcus missed shots.
Not sure if Dallas is shooting or passing to us...
Marcus aint shy tonight 
Holy fuck he will never stop shooting
did I fuck your mom
What the fuck is Marcus doing
The Mavs are so bad but we're only up 9
Our bench is bad 
That was a stupid shot by Morris 
We gonna have a new arena inside this arena with all these fucking bricks.
5 pt game wtf
and an atrocious block out for Nader
Abdel Nader signed a 3 year / $4,164,095 contract with the Boston Celtics, including $2,067,333 guaranteed, and an annual average salary of $1,388,032. In 2017-18, Nader will earn a base salary of $1,167,333, while carrying a cap hit of $1,167,333 and a dead cap value of $2,067,333.




Holy fuck have we been trash this quarter 
9/9 wtf
Guys the teams just keeping this game close so Kyrie can play the whole game and get 71 points
Just a weird low energy pace to this game...idk how to even describe it, shit just feels off
Kyrie holy fuck
We'd be losing this game solely due to Marcus if Kyrie wasn't a god
I have a bad feeling about this game.
This is pathetic. Shouldn't have gone to the fucking bench for 8 mins. This game should be over
Very poor body langauge from our guys. If our bench isn't showing up either, this will be a very tough game.
Yo what the fuck
That call is weak as FUCK. Jaylen was getting that ball whether he tugged on Dirk's jersey or not
If you are 2 feet from the rim, go up and shoot the fucking ball
I don’t fucking get that travel call. Been getting called all year. Seems to only come when we fake people out of their shoes too.
Can al please just fucking shoot it when he's a foot from the basket 
Fucking Barnes
Regardless of the result of this game, it’s really fucking annoying that we aren’t beating these teams outright. The bench has to be better.
Hey Barnes fuck you 
Warriors fucked up by not keeping Barnes
This is fucking embarrassing 
I mean when that shot goes you just tip your hat.
That was an awful quarter.
The bench is awful. They just do not score at all
Still a horrible shot
why does larkin ever play he's almost as bad as smart
Why the fuck is kyrie not out there
Rozier with some stupid silly turnovers
Fucking shots aren't going in.
Fuck distributing minutes put in Kyrie and the starters and get this W
Forget offense, defense and effort has been poor this game. 
It happens.  But it shouldn't happen to a packet of shit stains like the Dallas fans.

Fuck these hayseeds.
I dig the team-first motion offense, but this game is "hero ball or lose by 20." Your call, coach.
I still have faith but STOP FUCKING SHOOTING SMAHT
21-0 run to close the game coming up.
Bad call
#YOU LITTLE FUCKING MIDGET THAT'S NOT A FOUL
YOU MADE BRAD SAD MARCUS LOOK WHAT YOU DID!
man fuck off every possession they're getting a call
at least Jaylen still a legend 
This game is thoroughly ass 
These sorry ass calls..
THAT is the unbelievably bad call that lets you know this is bullshit.
Maybe I’m blind or don’t know the rules as well as I think I do but some of these calls against the Celtics are fucking softer than charmin ultrasoft.
Game ain't over yet let's get it
 I think I hate barea more than I hate LeBron. And I really hate LeBron.
Mavs in-game music is awful
I hate everyone named Marcus. 
Huge awful turnovers 
These turnovers are driving me crazy
Everyone keeps calling for a Kyrie takeover but they're​ just gonna double him and make it impossible.
Another bad call. Go figure
Morris quietly having a terrible game.
People blame smart but the turnovers have been devastating 
Fucking brutal game lmao
Horrific call on Baynes. 
Fuck yeah, Morris.
Stop fucking turning it over wtff
Jaylen didn't look that tired just leave him in brad...
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
Smart... WTF was that, YOU DAWG!
WTF
WTF
how the fuck did kyrie keep control of the ball there? what?
HOLY FUCK 

BELIEVE THE HYPE PEOPLE
Horford having a shit game.
awful shot by Brown.
OF COURSE MARCUS MAKES THAT FUCKING SHOT.
#TIE GAME
Oh Tatum finish that hard baby!
This fucking team just does not die.
Kyrie is finally starting to put up the crazy numbers we knew he could..we just need the rest of our offense to fire on all cylinders 
Yo am I supposed to be hard rn?
A little amateur lip reading: Brad told Kyrie we wanted the two for one
fuck
That was a really bad shot.
Mook said "Gimme that shit weak boy."
Should be like .9 at least
we lost like half a second wtf..
my heart wtf
I'll take overtime at this point this game will destroy my liver
refs are beyond incompetent
Fucking refs review the fucking clock you dumbasses
Regardless of the outcome this has been an absolutely atrocious game turnover-wise
This is ugly
Barea is like the NBA equivalent of Marchand, at least on the offensive end. 
What the fuck Barnes 
Kyrie Fucking Irving.
Is Horford sick today? He's playing with no energy at all
KYRIES SUCH A FUCKING BADASS AS HE JUST STARES INTO THE FUCKING DISTANCE AFTER THAT AND ONE
KYRIE IS A FUCKING GOD
Holy fuck, that Tatum wingspan.
KYRIE "BALL GAME" IRVING
Tatum's length is crazy
Guys, we were never gonna lose this game
**Kyrie is the fucking man!!!**
Oh. Let's fucking do this
Why Tatum at the line? i wanted 50 from Kyrie :(
This team.. this game... ridiculous. I say that every damn game 
Fucking crazy 
thank god Smart didn't get that T, the comments would be flooded with hate
I have Morris and Tatum on my fantasy team and I sat out Barnes... Why do we have to keep having close games with bad teams :(

JJ fucking Diarrhea 
I'm sorry, who?  You Peabody dwelling pussies.
Guess what fuck you Texas
Smart gets torched and then turns it over. Absolutely worthless. 
STOP FUCKING SHOOTING MARCUS WTF 
Not a fan of this national anthem :/ 
Stop fucking shooting marcus
This is why you don't play with your food and put fucking Nader in in the second quarter
That was by far one of the worst quarters I have ever watched. It's like they all forgot how to play ball and at this point Marcus really does just need to not shoot. 
wtf is this marcus hitting the 3, i don't even want it
Fuck these refs.
Kyrie Irving is a fucking god
I fucking hate first quarters
Kyrie “fuck a pass” Irving 
marcus pls no more of this
Or not what the fuck was that lmfao
Those passes were worse than Marcus' jumpshots. They gotta give Brad something to be mad about.
Ugly last minute, Marcus 3 bricks and Jaylen 2 confusing turnovers
I hate these offensively challenged lineups 
U mad bro?
Scary lineup.. Hope mavs dont hack down the lead
How can an NBA guard be that bad of a shooter? It blows my mind.
No more for the quarter Marcus, relax...
We should be up by 20, this is annoying 
CAN WE MAKE A FUCKING SHOT PLEASE.  This is just ugly.
Tatum and brown switching roles lately. Tatum is the highlight guy and brown the knock down three point shooter
Fucking Nader over Yabu come on now that’s just disrespectful 
fuck i wanted him to make that!
So without looking at the boxscore, I'm guessing Celts are at 31% and mavs at 28% shooting for the game. 
WHERE THE FUCK IS KYRIE AND AL
our bench don' fucked up
no more nader
why is Jaylen so bad at FTs
Ah fuck
Jaylen's gonna shoot worse from the FT line than from 3 at this rate.
I swear smart was never THIS bad on offense
No easy games I guess.
what the fuck Kyrie
Anyone know what the fuck's up with the rims tonight? Even the makes are clanking like crazy.
DADDY STEVENS IS MAD!!!
I start watching, the team start sucking. Wtf guys
Celtics playing some seriously careless basketball 
Jaylen grab this game by the balls please. 
Touch fouls are stupid 
damn, bad quarter. 
I mean, Brown had his hand around him. I can understand the call. Probably could have had that steal without the hand on the waist looking like a pull.
**MOOK IS REGRESSING TO THE MEAN FUCK FUCK FUCK**

Edit: **nvm**
Are you serious that I should fucking turn off the tv rn?
Ahh now the refs are going to fuck us too
If I was getting fucked this hard by officials I'd just walk off the court. 
Fucking refs.
Poor hustle there
Possibly the worst 2 quarters of shooting we have had all season
How the fuck do you go 0 for 7 from 3 point range.

Edit: Spoke too soon
FUCK THE PREDICTION MACHINE
Terry has played terrible past few games 
Weirdly clutch Marcus is back
Another turnover by a brick brother :(
Al has been terrible tonight 
These turnovers are fucking ridiculous
Can Kyrie please play the rest of the game
this teams offense is sad
our bench is really poor. along with some questionable effort i feel like we deserve to lose this game

the team im watching tonight is who i was afraid they would be every night without GH
I’m not sure if this sub is prepared for a loss
This game is taking years off my life
Well, this streak is going to end against a terrible team, which should feel okay, I just hope to god they don't start playing like this often.
this is bad
Fuck you Marcus now you're just being shit on purpose
Trap game.
stop fucking shooting 
What are these atrocious fucking shots. 
brillinat game plan by the mavs. Zone and force marcus to shoot
carlisle has been working these refs all game... 
Already in the penalty. Not good.
these careless turnovers are insane 
That was a big fucking play by Morris 
fuck
Tatum just fucked up on D
Marciis are not through blowing this game
What the fuck was that possession?
HOLY SHIT! JUST LIKE HOW BRAD DREW IT UP!
awful call
Let’s fucking gooooo
Wtf did I just watch?
Being a Celtics fan is not healthy for my well being
Ok that was insane 
I hate life 
Oh my god wtf did I just witness
Yabu was so confused by what just happened
What a fucking roller coaster
FUCK YES 
all those marcus haters then he saves the game for us
I can't breathe! Holy shit this is a game! 
Also, still can’t believe you fucks decide to hate on Marcus. When will you ever learn? 
Tied game!! 
MARCUS SMART YOU BAD ASS MOTHER FUCKER
Time for an ATO game winner.
man how unlucky that the rebound took like 4 seconds to come down so we lost the 2 for 1 there :(
Ughs fuck
Brick after brick all game and then hits from 3 feet behind the 3-point line - Marcus things! 
Play for Barnes all attention on dirk fuck
Looks like Barnes missing shots with the game on the line is still a thing
I don't usually subscribe to conspiracies, but seriously, those reffs were told to take this to OT. Nopt even using the replay to check the clock is frankly ridiculous 
This isn't a playoff game? My heart seems to think it is.
Kyrie OT about to be Crazy G.
fucking refs
i leave and wtf happened to this game?  Celts choking hard against a bottom feeder 
Al is too slow to react to Barea's drives 
Fuck we can’t lose after kyrie just dropped 40
Fuck everyone else on this team. Just let Kyrie cook
Jaylen Brown has fucking balls man 
Ooh Kyrie and Jaylen doing the Mavs dirty
Tough to watch the legend Dirk with no legs left underneath him late in games.
65 combined holy crap
KYRIE AND JAYLEN FUCK
Our late game offense should be get it to kyrie and get out of the way. He's such a clutch scorer.
Another team we've kept under 100 in regulation. Crazy.
Get that weak shit out JJ

- Kyrie
THROWING YOURSELF AT THE OTHER TEAM WONT GET YOU A FOUL CALL BARREA PASS THE FUCKING BALL
KYRIE MOTHER FUCKING IRVING!!!!!!
Kyrie is so fucking clutch!!! 
GG No more shot clock

I WANT THE GOLD
Kyrie = fucking filthy 
Marcus, you’re shooting at a historically bad rate right now dog
The second the ball leaves Smarts hands I get sad. 
Al has been TERRIBLE 
Oh my god, Smart today has been plain awful. Even 2 of his 4 assists have been from Kyrie driving and Marcus making extra pass. 
We would have been +20 if not for Smart. I hate myself for hating a Celtics player.
Tatum traveled lets fucking run his name through the mud.
Smart is almost as bad at shooting as Lonzo
I’m gonna fuckin lose my shit if they lose to the damn mavs who’s 3-14. Smart is so so bad on offense. Just stop shooting! 
We might be forced to rely on Jaylen this quarter. Goodness.
Disgusting
Anyone also watching the thunder vs pelicans game? At least if we lose tonight, we're still not as disappointing as OKC
Jaylen has not played like ass fucking user that says that he’s not the reason why we are losing 
Just a bad game overall.  Terrible shooting and turnovers. A reminder that this isn't as good a team as its record indicates. 
Bad timeout imo, had momentum 
Fucking Horford looks older than his fucking #
This is one of the worst efforts of the Stevens era by far. 
Marcus with a terrible pass to Jaylen...
This might be it guys. Hate to say it.
3 turnovers by Jaylen. Oh my fucking  god. 
Marcus is literally cancerous on offense. In the sense that he's been really bad and is spreading it through the entire unit.
This game is over. 
Thank god we have Tatum. He and Kyrie are keeping us in the game.
jesus fuck this offense is dreadful 
FUCK EVERYONE ON THIS TEAM IM FEELIN THE RAGE
Is Morris fucking slow in the head
Jaylen is out because of his dumbass turnovers. As he should be. If I were coach, I'd bench players too for making dumb mistakes. 
Game over
No more fucking around.  Time to cover that -7 spread now.
Hate to say it but we should put in Morris for Tatum for defense
smart could actually be the worst NBA player of all time in all seriousness. Danny should cut his ass after the game if he can't do it before the 4th
Well, Jaylen lost us this game. Dumbass shot.
The "smart misses 3 nowitzski rebounds" sequence was annoying.
I don't know where he gets the confidence man. He has been bricking non stop.😅. Kyrie is shooting lights out. I sense a 40+ point game from him.
Came here to say this.  It's become an unhealthy habit.
Could be. 3+ years is a REALLY long cold streak
Code cannot be broken
Sorry bout than man
Just wack it to Jaylen Brown like the rest of us scum
Me too. :(
It was sick
Don’t worry, every time I’ve tuned in late this season they’ve comeback and won and I just got off work.
No one who's shot as much as Marcus has been as bad why we keep letting him shoot is beyond me.
He looks lost tbh. But can't blame him. Hardly gets any minutes.
Not sure why he'd have the fucking scrub squad in when the Mavs start to build a lead and get the momentum behind them. I know the guys need rest but he should have called a TO when the deficit was 7 and get Kyrie/Jaylen/Tatum/Horford on the court together to stop the bleeding. This is hard to watch.
And I thought the 2nd quarter was one of the worst in a long time
This sub treats any equal rationality as disgusting Smart apologist behavior.
Please. We've had plenty of chances. Poor effort and poor shooting killed us.
Yeah.. But hes doing other things that lots of guys cant do. Would be sick if he could shoot tho.  
He runs like a teenager that just got tall and is still really awkward about it.
Fuck it!!! If Kyrie says it's flat, than it's flat
So sick of people apologizing for this scrub 
This. I hate his shot selection. I understand that he needs to take those open 3s earlier in the game. But that shot and the one he made in traffic he shouldn’t be taking. 
I mean.. Last game was pretty sick
Miss Hayward so bad
It's bad but that's not why we're losing.
So it's not just me seeing this horse crap. Some soft ass fouls all over the court
He's totally irrelevant
Everyone sucks at shooting other than Jaylen Brown and Kyrie Irving
I was shocked he didn't have a FG attempt until the end of the 2nd.
His body language has been terrible lately. I have this weird feeling he won't be around by the end of the season unless something drastic happens.
Fuck ESPN
People think you would end up dying playing that that game. I'm going try it on Wednesday. May switch to beer after like 5 bricks though.
Me and a buddy do a swig from a Celtics flask everytime he takes a bad shot.  But with how horrible he is at shooting every shot is a bad shot
we have a finite amount of players/lineups to put out there, I fully support experimenting against the worst team in the league in the middle of the second quarter
I turned the game on about 10 minutes ago and I've seen like 5 offensive boards for the Mavs. I've seen us do nothing but shank 3's and get caught in horrible mismatches. So frustrating
Harrison Barnes fucked us
ridiculous * ?????????????????????????? Stop
Horrible game, but not on him completely. The celtics had A LOT of turnovers they usally dont have and the shots have not really fallen for anyone except kyrie and brown. But i agree Smart should re think some shots
It looks like they put a pad underneath it, that must make it less irritating and sweaty
Why can't we have him play his defense AND keep his shots to 5 a game instead of the 10 he takes now. I don't understand it
If yabu doesn’t get a chance this game I will riot 
Every single thing he does leaves me saying "What the fuck were you thinking?"
Dont get it, either.  I'm not going to question Brad Stevens but some of his substitution patterns are weird.  
Probably kyrie too but Ill let him keep shooting
Bucks fans were mad at JKidd because of this. Who do we get to be mad at?
the problem is the second unit not giving the ball to jaylen every fucking offensive possession 
Yeah, Terry's been awful too.
Seriously. It's fucking awful 
He's behind this shitshow 
Just a guess, Carlisle is an elite coach and gameplanned to take Horford out the game, similar to when BB game plans to take an offensive weapon out the game. It just seems like getting him the ball is extra difficult tonight and their must be an emphasis on him. Also from time to time we do underutilize Al and he comes a little timid getting the ball so it could be a mixture of the two. 
Eye rolls, hand holding - I'm missing everything!
I mean everytime Marcus shoots it’s a turnover so
Add 7 offensive rebounds from Dallas and some god awful shooting and here we are....
That wasn't a foul, refs fucked up
> could of 

 Did you mean could've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
I wonder how ~~drunk~~ *dead* you would be if you took a shot for all of Marcus' missed shots. 

Ftfy
Marcus firing up bricks and general horrible play by the second unit.
Yeah they really fucked up by replacing him with Durant
We got out-hustled which seems way worse than being outplayed. Our guys just look like they don’t care. 
When have they lately?
Everything about the Mavs is awful minus Dirk
Somebody’s stream is behind
are you a blind man?
I have watched maybe four games all season where I say "these refs aren't bad". NBA has to do something
Correct.

This is a horseshit weeknight tank job by crap refs.
I think the logical fans of the Celtics are done with Marcus.  This is year 4 and he still is terrible at shooting. 
I don't like the NBAs worst shooter taking 7 shots in as half = "moron who doesn't understand basketball"?
Fuck off boi
Marcus Morris has also been very unimpressive. Bad lineups by Brad as well
Yeah for being the worst shooter in the league 
Please don’t jinx us :(
Eh I blame it on Brad. That unit with Nader was fucking terrible and should've been switched four minutes sooner
Not watching the game yet but is it that Mejri dude?
And we played terrible this whole quarter.
Can a stipulation of that contract be having him limited to 5 shots a game?
Even if we somehow snake this W, this was a horrible game.
yo those late shots used to be automatic.
do you mean tomorrow???????
People have been saying this in game threads for years. 
Lonzo Ball is statistically a worse 3pt shooter... shooting stats are everything too...
He's worse.
Forced? He and kyrie are the only ones who have done anything this game. 
Boneheaded turnovers and poor defense. Yes he is a reason.
He's been bad since the first quarter ended. 
Sloppy sloppy 
Horribly is the only word I can describe it as 
He's been awful though. 
I mean, there’s no better time to test out lineups than against bottom feeder teams that you can crush with your core. Trust in Brad
You can't be serious
because he fucking sucks on offense 
Maybe because he's played like complete ass this game. 2-12 FG, 1-9 from 3, and 4 fouls. One of the worst nights I've ever seen from him
Go fuck yourself? 
Don't try and defend someone shooting 2-11, it's a bad game point blank. Also you wished us to lose 20 in a row because we were too mean to Marcus so as far as I'm concerned you can get lost.
U just hate jaylen 
He made two bad turnovers toward the end of the quarter but was stellar the rest of his time out there. 
12 points in 12 mins idiot 
I don't think his game merited to be benched. I believe he was gassed from the effort towards the end 
The fuck is wrong with you
Worst offensive player maybe... definitely.
HORFORD NEEDS TO DONATE HIS GAME CHECK.

Got bitch slapped by Barea.  Has a brother no pride?
Dude you are pathetic.  Go back to being a Cavs fan boy.
It isn't. BUt it's just creating a vibe of "what the fuck is this evening?"
A fan who tries to justify literally the worst offensive guard on the league commanding a 10million+ per year extension
I mean he is shooting career lows tho
I'll floss with it.  Not sure I can get it all the way down.
the crazy thing is probably 5 of those were wide open
Its not that bad guys.. Its just very very bad
I haven’t played a pickup game in 2 weeks but I think I could score 1 point on 37% in an nba game 
Eh there was like 5 or 6 seconds between shot and game clock at the time? Definitely felt unnecessarily rushed to me
damn :(
:( Always 
yeah i mean he's killing it but i've never heard MVP chants for a player in two away stadiums within a couple weeks
I almost am. Anger.
moron.
fuck dude I guess I didn't do my research
At least Roberson only takes 5-6 shots a game.
offense as a team has been awful too
he has, I love Al but this is his worst game of the season
False
he wanted jaylen to bust, but now hates him because he was wrong about jaylen, if he talks about jaylen ignore him
That's the fucking point! I'm calling out the Smart haters thats it. Fuck you, I'm no victim.
he's said before that he hates jaylen because he predicted him to bust, but didint and hates being wrong, so you can just ignore what he says if it involved jaylen
I'm a fucking idiot man, you were 100000% right 
That’s ridiculous, he’s definitely not a Celtics fan if he’s hoping one of our biggest pieces fails. 
It's like all sad bitches from Billerica.
I don't ask for the goods for people I can see myself somewhat serious with.

I do for people idgaf about 
stfu, keep lying... don't try and compare the amount of hatred Smart gets on here before he does anything, to when JB does multiple things wrong... I don't want to hate on either, or any of the C's I only want to encourage everyone. 
TL;DR Small sample size leads to statistically improbable result
Not really, defense was a very small part of what he wrote about 
They’re 14th in assists per 100 possessions, 18th in points per 100 and a woeful 26th in made FG per 100 (tied with Utah; only Chicago, Brooklyn and Dallas are worse).

They’re 9th in assists/FG. So they’re top-1/3 in the league in assist rate, which isn’t really anything to worry about. Their low assists are basically because they’ve got one of the worst shooting offenses in the league. It’s hard to get an assist if you’re not hitting shots.
Because Marcus wastes 10+ possessions every game with his horrible shooting. If he was even quasi competent, it could add 4 apg to the team average. 
Didn’t he say he sustained ligament damage? the type of injury makes it hard to believe that he didn’t.
Oh fuck yeah he will. 


Im all for it. Shit is just crazy
We've done a really bad job of taking care of Gordon so far
We hated him now give him back so you don't have to deal with him. 

Please give him back :'(
He was the fucking goat
OP is fucking insane. 
As an offended Jerebko fan, let me remind you of his heroics in Game 3 of the 2017 Eastern Conference Finals: 10 points, 2-2 from three point range, and 5 rebounds in 13 minutes of play.

Source: http://www.espn.com/nba/player/gamelog/_/id/3998/year/2017/jonas-jerebko

Damn! Sorry Timi. Gotta respect the guy that sacrifices his time for my masturbation material.
Yeah I mean could you imagine how beastly the bench would be with Tatum being the number one scoring option
I was thinking about going to the game but it’s a 4 hour drive for me and I think we’ll blow them out. 

What do y’all think?
It’s about 3 hours but Dallas traffic is a bitch, and then you gotta find parking and their roads are terrible around the arena.

Lower bowl tickets are like 125-ish
Because r/NBA/ is a meme and not to be taken seriously that's why.
I fucking have never liked that gorilla 
At least 5
I don't want Lamelo on the Celtics. Besides, he will be awful and his dad won't ever let his sons play for any team other than the lakers 
Many Celtics fans hated Lebron already in Cleveland. I remember the juvenile Lebron hate back then.

Some people just become unreasonable with regards to people in opposition to their group.
Bol Bol will be a freshman at UofO in 2019. Replied to the wrong one earlier.
Bol Bol will be a freshman at UofO in 2019

Edit: whoops. Replied to the wrong comment 
I said at least 5 so that could also mean 9 or 10 
Goes to other teams sub, rants about player being a baby, then gets mad when somebody responds.

Sounds like a troll to me
His shooting form is worse than his brother's.
The past few games has definitely changed my perspective on Jaylen. I thought he was a bust because he couldn't dribble, shoot, or finish, but he actually has improved quite a lot. He's been up-and-down, and although I don't know if he can ever be a star (or even a NBA starter on a championship team), I'd say there's a 20% chance. Worst case scenario, he's good trade bait for a star. People in this sub dislike me for some reason, but I want Jaylen to be a star. I just base my beliefs on evidence and game footage, not memes.

Tatum, however, is just a god. No explanation needed.
You think Sacramento makes it to at least the 9 seed in the West? Not a chance.
Just googled it. Such an absurd situation.
I don't even count the Brooklyn game. Bush league shot at the end. Westbrook squared levels of stat padding. 
If the Celtics and Warriors were playing tonight at a neutral site and you were forced at gunpoint to pick the winner, who would you pick?
Then I guess someone should tell everyone making power rankings that they are doing it wrong.
I’d like to apologize to people sitting in section 111 Saturday night... after the game I was screaming “suck my dick!” Way too loud. This guy had his kids with him looking at me like come on man... Was just way too drunk and jacked up. I said sorry and got out of there as fast as I could.
Tonight's the first game I'm gonna miss so far this season. Tip for diehards, only date people who's parents are dead so you don't have to miss the Celtics for her mother's birthday.

(I'm kidding that would be horrible but I hate missing games)
I truly believe Jayson Tatum will get a 5x5 game this year.
I am sick of Brian Pighorst. Fucking lbj shill
feels bad man
It’s rarely as bad as you remember it being, don’t beat yourself up. 
I could careless of what he says. He even admitted on his show that  he doesn't watch basketball so he asks his scouts for their opinions. 
Hate us cuz they anus
Rather disappointing. 
Yeah I’m not proud of myself
That post was for the Dallas game. 
Dress warm. It is always really chilly after the game. Go to Halftime Pizza before the game! You won't be disappointed!
yeah you gotta line back up after they make you leave tho. my sister had to do that and she ended up missing a bit of the game spending like 10-15$ or something
When we didn't care about rebounds, we made it to the ECF.

With our improved rebounding, I bet we make the ECF twice and the WCF at least once. Boston vs Boston in the Finals.
Crazy turnaround.

Edit: the numbers in the table don't add correctly! I haven't had any coffee yet, but still....
Probably what has been missing all these years for Brad's team. The defense has always been there but unable to rebound defeats the purpose.
I still have flashbacks to last year just BEGGING someone to rebound the ball. Seeing this stat just blows my fucking mind.
“might fuck around and grab a rebound”
You're underestimating how terrible Johnson, K.O., Zeller, and Jebko were at rebounding.
GET THA FUCK OUTTA HERE RAY
career bests in:

* FG%, 3P%, FT%
* rebounds and blocks per game
* points and FTA per 36 min
* fouls per 100 possessions (lowest)
* ORtg, DRtg, PER, TS%, WS/48, DBPM, BPM
Wonder what's gonna happen when that fugazi tough guy Oubre tries to pick a fight with Marcus.
That 1.1 assists is SHOCKING
It looks to me, within the offense, that often when he gets the ball he's supposed to shoot. I say 'often' because there are times when the ball stops with him unnecessarily. But if he's going to score this efficiently, why not shoot?
I should've clarified that I'm shocked at 1.1 assists cause he never passes and bought he'd average less 
Put the bear in the fucking lineup.
Hmmm weird autocorrect. But I hope that name sticks! He seems like a Jim to me. 
doesn't answer your question at all....but [this](http://i.cdn.turner.com/drp/nba/celtics/sites/default/files/styles/main_gallery_photo__480_tall/public/getty-images-875101400.jpg?itok=vf_9wy2V) has been my desktop background since that GS game.
We must be getting bored, if we're talking about style points. 
> Also, I want to point out that I think Stevens, not Isaiah, was responsible for Isaiah's 4th quarter heroics last year. 

That's insulting.
that last clip, drive by Kyrie is soooo nasty. so nasty
I like how there are no highlights vs the 76ers. God that game was a disaster. 
fucking whistles being blown every 10 seconds
Internet will be broken by then 
I vote we sticky this post. Seriously. I want this jersey so bad. I bought a fake one off DHGate but the fit was terrible. Acquiring this jersey is my biggest short-term goal currently in this woke reality base.
Ray Allen is probably the wrong answer but i feel like his shooting would be a major addition.  
Kevin Garnett.

Then it would really be a 

#MEAN GREEN MACHINE
Larry Bird staggered with the bench would be insane
fam :(
Too soon :(
But, we could never win a seven game series agains them.
Maybe u/henryisyourbitch and u/henryisyourbos can join 

Edit: my hater accounts get deleted :(
I feel dumb
>.469/.407/875

Holy SHIT Morris is an insane FT shooter
It annoys me how bad Jaylen is at FTs
The dick is in the toaster, I repeat, the dick is in the toaster

^^can't ^^believe ^^nobody ^^said ^^this ^^in ^^the ^^game ^^thread
I️ hate to be that guy but I️ can’t find that one. Do you have a link?

Edit: Google is my friend https://offthemonstersports.com/2017/11/espn-30-for-30-suck-my-dick-the-story-of-the-80-2-boston-celtics/
Hahahah naa fuck fultz... /s????
This bloody mastermind.
doesn’t have to do with the tweet itself but brian robb and his two brothers were counselors at my summer camp and it’s so crazy to see his stuff in this subreddit all the time
I think Pop got to be that way after dealing with stupid questions from the media for as long as he has.
I’ve seen Pop respond like a sarcastic asshole to question that definitely weren’t stupid, but I wouldn’t have it any other way.
I’m gonna be sad when pop retires
What do you mean "stopping" them?
a broken ankle
3 all stars, and two young number 3 picks isnt bad at all 
You know your Hayward addiction is bad when you need footage of him clapping 
**TRIGGER WARNING:**: They play the “Hayward has broken his leg, Hayward has broken his leg” call by Harlan.
That is forever disturbing 
I think people w those experiences can recognize context. We’re in r/BostonCeltics. Nothing too too serious going on here. 
It’s legitimate trauma for Hayward, but it isn’t for a random fucking Celtics fan... come on
Is saying “Holy shit I just had a heart attack!” offensive to people with heart disease?
Today I learned heart disease induces PTSD.

You can try to draw whatever trash analogies you want but people that have had traumatic experiences literally say all the time that hearing people use the word ‘triggered’ casually offends them and belittles what they’ve had to go through. But fuck mental health, MAGA!!! Amirite??
There’s probably like a 95% correlation between people that don’t give a fuck about others’ mental healths and people that voted for Trump.
Source?

Also none of these people are saying they don't give a fuck about mental health, in fact I would bet that if I said I was struggling with depression, PTSD etc. I would receive sympathy if not empathy from a lot of the people you are attacking for "not giving a fuck" about mental health. I think you're hyper-inflating your outrage to the point of ridiculousness 
You’re*... you should sue whatever school system let you get past 5th grade.
And the fan goes crazy!
Idk how the cap space is for every team but if Lebron could find a way to go to, sixers, rockets, or Spurs, that would be scary 
As a Celtics fan that would suck, as an NBA fan that would be so sick. Simmons-Fultz-Covington-LeBron-Embiid

Edit: I obviously still wouldn't want it to happen
I don't know anything about Wizards cap space. That's why I asked.

I keep seeing random comments about the Wizards trying to get Boogie Cousins for example.
or really really bad
Wow that's brutal. 
I'd hate to have to choose between death and Kwame. 
If i downvote him he will have negative karma, wondering if i should do it or not

Edit: i did it
Just checked the post history. Believe me, it is well-deserved. The guy is a fucking bigot.
I think it's unlikely they'll finish worse than Phoenix but the Clippers should pass them. Clippers point-differential is barely negative. We also have to worry about the Nets finishing worse. The good news is, the Kings have the worst point-differential in the league. So whether it's 2018 or '19 we're likely to get a top-5 pick at some point. Insane to think about adding another top-5 talent to this team.
Yeah, there's a big cliff from 5th worst team to 6th worst team, because at 6th worst the pick can't end up top 5 without winning the lottery.

Kuzma kind of fucked us and seems to be killing the chances of the Lakers being a bottom 3 team.
Yeah this would be brutal
How is Dallas bad, they have Matthews and Barnes.
Is he wrong about those 3 though?
I mean where else do you see him going if not Boston?
Agreed. But if this season and next go well, and we offer him something crazy like a 4 year 160M extension, I hope he'll stick around.
And there is no actual photo of Kyrie looking unhappy in Boston 
Lost in the infamous Geno Auriemma podcast is Kyrie saying his move to Boston was “preordained” because of those reasons.
*obscure sorry I'm drunk
After 4 years the luxury tax will be so expensive that one of the 4 will be let go unless somebody takes a serious pay cut
He really wants to play :(
feel bad for him. really looked sad
These PG and melo comparisons are shit. 

His movement, ball handling, shot selection, iso game, and defense all look like KD. He does not look like PG at all imo and he certainly never stops the ball the way Melo always has. 

He's like Durant but 2 inches shorter and maybe a touch slower. 
I think he's at least 6'9" now, but there's a chance he gets to at least 6'10"
Damn that'd be insane
Yo this is an extremely common misconception. 

Paul Pierce was pretty fucking athletic coming into the NBA (check some of his rookie dunks)

And then there is this:

https://www.celticsblog.com/2013/3/23/4137310/paul-pierce-is-an-athletic-marvel-no-really
It ain't bad 
Too soon...

:'(
I went to a Cavs Celtics game in like 2011 and it was Kyrie’s rookie season and he hit a ATHLETIC go ahead lay up and Pierce missed the GW from his spot. Was so pissed but respected Kyrie’s performance.
Pat Riley: “If the game was on the line, I’d want Michael to take the shot. If my life was on the line, I’d want Larry Bird to take that shot.”
Kyrie co-closed that game with LeBron James, and I missed the part where that happened in a Celtics uniform
Sorry, I’ll stop.
I hated it last season with IT

It is grotesque, yet nobody seemed to mind. Zooming in on a guy's crying eyes is just about the most exploitative shit ever.


It was horrible last year with IT. It's still terrible with Jaylen they are trying to exploit a young man dying. 
>media is evil

Google Translate says DUUUUUUUUURRRRRRPPPPPPPPPP
She was disguising it by asking how he was doing, dont be dumb, any fool could see what shes trying to do. She couldve asked him basketball questions then pulled him aside to see how hes doing. 
Not sure but i will say after 2 plus years streaming the celtics the nbc sports app is the absolute dirt worst.  constant buffers and connection issues. 
Yeah idk wtf is so hard about getting a celtics stream through an ethernet cable into a roku in Boston. But there's Xfinity/Comcast for ya.
Before the season started I thought this November would be a tough stretch having no more than 1 day off for a long time but we've proven up to the task and then some
Be gone evil spirits 
I heard you fuck your dad
Holy shit, my lazy ass just checked the schedule. We play Wizs (as you mentioned), Hou, Cavs (IT might even play), and Minnesota all in a span of two weeks. 
And a single game out of 9th
Weird, that's not the "Holes" video *I* saw.
That SLOW grind (RIP IT)
There was a game where Harrison vrable and teddy were all dancing when they were up 39-0 something like that. And the jags scored a touchdown, bill was mic’ed at the time and he lost his shit on these hall of fame players for not giving 60 minutes. 
Bazemore looked so sad dribbling out the clock there
Jaylen Brown is a god. Fuck r/nba
Fuck you Charles Barkley
KYRIE DID EM DIRTY 

MY GOD
Where are the highlights :(
Paging u/FeversMirrors, I miss your quick highlights :(
Dang feel bad for Smart after hearing the post game interview. Hope he gets his groove back on the offensive side.
That Warrior game might just have been Jaylen's coming out game.


He is on another level.
Shout out to all those weak fucks in the 1st and 4th quarters calling it game with no faith.

Suck Kyries dick!

#15inarow
u/thegavin did you watch the game pal?
Are we allowed to switch from the Tatum hype train to the Brown hype train? I think I chose wrong. 
*SCARY TERRY*
At least not twice!
did you know the NBA is on a 15 game losing streak vs the boston celtics?
THIS GAME HAS ALWAYS BEEN
Shocked they didnt shoot it
fuck i wish they kept the hayward injury out of there i hate seeing that
Fuck did they have to put Gordons injury in there though?
We were so close to calling it in for the season if we allowed the Hawks another 100 pt game.
omg and the hawk noise every time they do something, that arena is annoying af
He was so wrong about the warriors game
Look in the game thread apparently plenty remember in there and yeah it’s sad
JB started every game this year
Get your 2 team having ass outta here. I hope Mike Gorman does terrible things to your mothers butt 
Too bad he was talking about Embiid.
~~Just wait until you see OT Kyrie...~~


Who am I kidding we'll never let a team get that close to us at the end of game
I’m sick if just getting a taste, I want the whole gold.
**IS THAT THIS GAME HAS ALWAYS BEEN**
Believe me I really hate rooting for the scum shit city of boston  but I cant ignore the Indiana connections with brad and gordon and I also cant ignore the fact that your announcers sound like fuckin flinstones
Reviving this just because OT Kyrie showed the fuck up
I believe it was the 2017-18 Boston Celtics, with a 14 game streak after an 0-2 start
Didn't we lose a game in preseason?
Ball Game
Has been for the past two years, no? 
I think different people just have an aversion to nba players that are limited in 1 aspect of their game. IT will always have his haters who bring up his defense. Tristan Thompson earns a lot of hate because his skills are in rebounding and defense and he can't do anything else. Roberson gets shit on because he can't shoot 3's or FT's but all these players have chipped out a niche in the NBA and are positive players whether fans like it or not.  But it really does bring out the hate in some people
BUT M'NET RATING

BUT M'PER

It's all I ever hear. I don't even hate Marcus that much (though I don't love him either) but it's the obsessive way his supporters defend him and spam this fucking place that drives me crazy. The circlejerk here is out of control. 
Yeah I get that. He has a nose for the ball, plays first team All Defense. But putting the ball in his hands with the game in balance like what happened at the end with Marcus in the post is unacceptable. He’ll make poor decisions (he had a horrid pass) and he will not score the basketball because he is awful on offense. There’s no way you can leave that game and say he had a good game. He had countless amounts of awful shots and poor decisions - he would tell you as much. If he cleaned that up a little bit I think the fans heat would come off quite quickly.
Well considering that he has the second highest net rating on the team and one of the highest in the league and gets 30 minutes per game from the coach of the year, I'd think that the defense would be a lot worse than 4 points per 100 worse without him.
Faith, Consistency, Hard Work Pays Off.
Daniel theis is ABOUT to go insane on his former player for the second time ... ... Sorry to Dennis but DANIEL "thesis" theis is comign to block a shot and score 5 points probably
Terry just denied the help up from him. SCARY!
I can’t be the only one who is irrationally annoyed by Schroeder’s small blond highlight
That corner 3 by Kyrie was nasty. 
#Never seen a rookie so fucking L O N G
#JAYLEN BROWN CAREER HIGH SHOULD BE FUCKING 40 POINTS BUT 27 wORKS
I was part of the MVP chants for Kyrie. LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
atlanta is so corny always setting up these fake setups with their kiss cams.
Anyone else fucking hate the hawks PA announcer’s 3 call? 
I irrationally hate the Hawks so damn much 
Jaylen's defense is unbelievable
I really do not think the Hawks are a bad team 
There's one post in the /r/AtlantaHawks game thread
when smart is making shots yah fucked, sorry hawks
Dude...these refs are fucking awful. Not cause they're only calling for fouls for atlanta or Boston, but because they are blowing the whistle wayyyyy too much. Like for fucks sake, let. Them. Play.
I fucking hate Schroeder
"I wish this game wasn't so close" - Every Celtic Game over the past 2 seasons.
Jaylen with a casual 27 on 12 shots 
Kyrie and jaylen with 50 pts and 4 missed shots combined.. Fucking ruthless
Oh fuck no, that game announcer when they hit threes, that shit is so AIDS 
They're not gonna shoot like this all game. It's aight
I hate the Hawks ever since that bullshit series a couple of years ago. 
I want these refs to have a bad harvest season 
These refs should go eat shit for real. fuck them rookie fuckers.
Anyone got a whistle count for this game? ugh.

Jaylen shooting at almost 80% wtf
Thart pa guy need to get punched in the mouth damn he is annoying
This lineup is bad
Kyrie's handles are insane. 
This is bad
Of course Marcus makes that shot :(
Something tells me Marcus put up at least 2000 shots after Thursday's game 
Mook is so sick on those pullups!
We're playing shitty but god damn these refs make me want to fucking set myself on fire. Such soft cheesy fouls on every play.
I generally don't complain about the refs, but c'mon, this is bad.  Against both teams.  Slowing the game down to a snail's pace.  A travel on Tatum??
Tatum’s body reminds me of General Grievous 
Jaylen having a game in his hometown
Kyrie that was just insane
This kid is fucking 19. How?
Get the FUCK out of the kid's way
SICK PASS
Someone just shouted 
#FUCK
Kyrie is cold blooded 
watch them keep fouling to at least score over a 100
Alright, ice the game and get Brown to 30.
[Just a picture of Tommy Heinsohn, in no particular relation to this game \(none at all, right?\)](http://i.cdn.turner.com/nba/nba/history/legends/tom-heinsohn/tom-heinsohn.jpg)
Jaylen has been shooting with comfort and confidence, and it's paying off like crazy. Never seen him like this before.
I hate this angle
Regress to the mean please ATL
Hopefully we won't feel the need to go down 17 every game.
Jaylen can't hit his FT's :(
It's like everyone in this thread has their memory erased before each game
what a fucking useless group of officials tonight, damn. We're not playing all that well but we can't get any rhythm whatsoever on offense. 
This is at least the 5th game this season that's been completely fucked by the refs in the first half.
Fuck these refs
Refs are sucking the oxygen out of this game 
These fucking refs
Tough game to watch so far, but I have faith we’ll pull away with the W.
Hawks mascotte is so creepy
Jaylen Brown is unbelievable! 
Must be so awkward to be the guy who dropped a beer on the court 
God the Hawks PA announcer is THE worst in the league. "For THREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeee" shut the fuck up
TATUM HOLY FUCK 
HOLY SHIT TATUM!
Collins is keeping em in this game
Warriors are beating the Sixers again. Weren’t the Sixers up by 22? Sad!
I hate when we do that. We spend all possession trying to get the ball to the mismatch while everyone else stands around, and we end up chucking a bad shot.
Jays are insane this game
The attention Kyrie gets is absolutely absurd 
No one ever finishes Jaylens passes it makes me so sad.
Irving cold as Ice man. This dude is a closer! 
Crap teams like atl get off with moral victories like scoring 100 on the celtics
Gonna need Jaylen to hit a 3 for that 30 piece Chicken McNugget
Sad to think we're going to go 11 days without listening to Tommy :(
Omg that rendition of the anthem sounded bad.
In my opinion the hawks uniforms are kinda ugly
Hawks always show up against us man wtf
Will they every miss? fuck me
Al Horford heated is wrong, very wrong.
40 point kyrie game coming up
We're not rebounding the rock, either becuz we're lazy or the Hawks don't miss 
So Atlanta can't miss and Boston isn't allowed to rebound.

This game sucks...
Me at 7:21pm: we might never lose again

Me at 8:11pm: we might never win again
Officiating seriously needs to get off Atlanta's dick
yooo wtf is going on
FUCK THE LAKERS
this one ref is fucking annoying 
What a horribly called game. On both sides
Hate that "got eeeeem" bullshit
This game calls out for iso kyrie.. Game flow is dead as it is due to turnovers and shitty refs.. Might as well let kyrie make the plays
YOOOO WTF
WTF 
Game is unwatchable 
FOR FUCKS SAKE PUT THE WHISTLES AWAY I'M TRYING TO WATCH A BASKETBALL GAME
I HATE OFFENSIVE FOULS 
Poor Scal, it still keeps saying Tommy is commenting on the game with Mike and Abby
fucking whistle every possession for both teams
Horford cold from 3 last few games 
Yo we passing now!!! Hawks fucked
Schroeder you fuck
Schroeder has silly hair.
Csss are way to casual in this one 
Harry the hawk can get fucked
It has to be awful playing in front of the Atlanta fans 
All the hawks fans are silent now… that’s awkward 
TIE GAME MOTHERFUCKERS
Kyrie seems less annoyed by his mask tonight.
OHHH FUCK ME UP L O N G B O Y E
JAYSON TATUM IS A FUCKING MONSTER!
WTF IS HAPPENING
Oooof they failed those trick dunks HARD
SCARY TERRY YOU STUPID BIRDS
Fix this fucking lineup 
LARKIN STOP FUCK
That was awful by Kyrie, just lay it up.
games like this are why I hate it when people call to cut Smart.
TRAP GAME 
My buddy is at this game, he says its all green where he's sitting.
Fuck schrooooder
This is insane
What the fuck is going on
Seriously though, who put a lid on the basket?
Ugly start 
is it me or does anyone else think the celtics should change their offense style? im not basing this off the bad start tonight but the other games too
Jaylen casually hovers in the air the puts it in
Scary Terry rebounds make me hard
Haha, brutal Aussie 
He scored again :/
These cheerleaders are worse then the strippers at a 10am Tuesday stripper buffet
Marcus, slow down a bit buddy...
Morris is always mad when he gets subbed off
No one wants to watch this crap. Stop calling 3 seconds on both teams. 
I think Jaylen and Jayson need to understand that this game is about buckets
OMG these travel calls are the worst 
This is dumb, traveling is part of the nba. 
These refs hate basketball so much
Terrible travel call, but I feel like attaching a shock collar to Tatum for every time he passes up a wide open three. 
I'm gonna lose my fucking mind 
PUT THE FUCKING WHISTLES AWAY.
These refs gotta be thinking we came to the game to see them. 
All things considering down 6 aint bad
Has al lost his 3 point shot? wtf is going on with him 
Al Horford is ridiculous
I mean how are players expected to play if the game stops every possession? And how are people expected to watch this? I get that it's the refs interpretation of the rules but they have to put out a product here.
Tatum doesn't have a bucket yet, but he's been active defensively.  Having a Smart-esque game.
looks like morris' shorts got shorter, looks weird
I really hate Shroeder.
fucking Schroeder 
Poor hawks fans
they’re playing fucking Darude- sandstorm
Dudeeee, Jaylen Brown is fucking going OFFFFF tonight
 Brown is on fucking fire
i hate hawks fans.
Imagine if this happened late in the 4th quarter of a game 7. Lifetime ban I say.
Also the fuckin trap music during each Hawks possession is super annoying
HOLY FUCK
Holy fuck
Wtf is this lineup
Get this lineup off the floor.

Already pissing away the game.
collins is fucking killing us
Semi has been cold for a month 
Bring in our game savior, Marcus Morris
Scary terry bitch!
This doesn't even feel like that close of a game.


Larkin doesn't have it this game
Brad trying its hardest to see us lose the game by leaving Larkin on
“Since his 16-point game against the Hornets, Shane Larkin is 1-for-16 FG.” -Washburn just now on twitter
My streaming is not working fuck
Wish Al finished that Kyrie was going crazy
Who the fuck is Kyle?
Holy fuck Kyrie
Was that Dominique Wilkins behind the replay booth???
He called game.
We have won every game I have watched at my house this year fwiw 
Our defence is not good and we really aren’t moving the ball at all. Worst of all ther is zero atmosphere in the arena
They are hitting everything. Hoping this isn't a trap game.
We're not even playing bad defense but they've only missed 1 shot
This is fucking garbage
What the fuck is this game
Why is everyone suddenly panicking I mean its the fucking hawks
Atlanta is 3-12.  WTF is up with this shooting?
It's insane how little we actually utilize Kyrie
How can I listen to this game on my phone? 
I meant this game in his hometown. [Don't @me](https://reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7b380n/_/dpexyff/?context=1)
fuck comcast for not giving me the celtics feed in hd every goddamn week even though i pay for league pass.  idgaf if they change their name to nbcsports, how tf is the station not part of league pass
Atlanta announcer is Michael buffer level annoying
Ups game day ball delivery segment is awkward

Hope we still come out with a sense of urgency this game
Im feeling trap game
Shane Larkin casually talking to his body double
I still hate German rondo 
Kyrie having the mask back on is so sick. It's like, "I had to take the mask off to take care of the Warriors, let's see if I have to take the mask off on you guys tonight" (Also obv he should keep protecting himself)
Let's get a big Kyrie game!
Jesus fuck 
Jaylen needs to learn how to shoot FTs.

It's ridiculous.
Refs are controlling the pace of this game, not fun to watch
It's just weird. 
Wow, first quarter was awful.
Atlanta united players think they are fucking Messi 
no more off ball team oriented kyrie

uncle drew has to make a cameo and take over 
Wtf is this soccer shit chants?
These refs are bad.
Wait, why can't Brad coach the All Star game this year?
I hate that call so much 
for fuck sakes
That was a rough travel call wtf
Is this the most boring game in the history of basketball?
I want some Kyrie iso takeover :(
Wtf is going on man, these refs...I can't even watch this 
Game's ours
Nasty spurs 2.0
I wonder if that beer is as expensive as the Garden's.
Terry :((((
That's a bad call
HOLY FUCK MY BRAIN
Holy fuck
TATUM IS RIDICULOUS
tatum is insane
Offensive. Rebounds. Fuck.
That’s just terrible 
Collins is a fucking freak Jesus Christ 
Fucking Larkin
This bench unit has been trash lately
Why is there an ad in the arena for the game that we're watching...?
But yea.. Our lineup is terrible 
Wtf
Marcus is so bad on offense it’s laughable
I mean if theyre gonna hit that bullshit...
Kyle's the worst 
Bazemore sucks
Marcus doing Marcus things late. 
That dribble move was nasty af
Tell me where that foul was on Tatum... fuck the refs for letting the Hawks ruin our defense again
That's game bois 
Game over
Fucking Uncle Drew up in this shit! Ice cold!
That shot was fucking ridiculous....  
Just take the fucking shot Marcus..
I hate to say it, but this looks like a game the Celtics have no intensity. They will need Smart to do something tonight to get the team going.
8 point game.  could be 4 if Jaylen hit his freebies
shut the fuck up talking about soccer
This game is terrible. So disappointing 
our bench is killing us lately 
Seriously... put someone in who can score.  This is an atrocious offensive lineup.
Big Al ruined that highlight :(
#I WANT TO FUCKING DIE
Rondo??? Your so two thousand and late. 
If anyone but Jayson Tatum takes this last shot it's bad coaching.

Period.
Every time Shane Larkin takes a shot while Kyrie Irving and Jayson Tatum are on the floor I cringe. He's so bad.
Horford has been ass this game
I hate to say this but in every professional game I've attended, my team has lost. This is my first Celtics game........
Ojeleye is worse than trash
Fuck Marcus when he flops
I’m truly fucking over Kyrie. Something happened this offseason. He can’t create shit for offense.
No chance Theis will be a Horford clone. Slow your role man.
Can't believe how weak the West is. Just ~~Lebron~~ Harden carrying his team to the finals against weak competition while the East has a bunch of legitimate title contenders. Smh 
I think that’s like division by zero and potentially dangerous to universe stability strictly from the hype it would cause
I mean... Boston must have faith in him if they gave up Avery for him.
Midrange game is a lost art in this league
What do you mean? They're undefeated. 
:(
Omg yes
I hate watching Atlanta home games just got that reason alone
Like why do we need an air raid siren every time? And the hawk screech? Super lame 
It's the Philly game all over again.
get a new fucking job, refs
He's been a monster defensively all game.  The offense was always going to come.
I'm telling you... they have a "down 15+" fetish.  They can't get it up anymore unless they are coming from behind.
Until that fake ass one. 
Was it the philly game that must’ve been like 3 and a half hours long?
Fuck the Lakers now and forever so yes 
I think so. Fifth worst team, Id hazard a guess.

If we have luck it could be a top 2-3 pick.
look who the Lakers play in december. they might seriously go 0-for the month.
Yea it's ridiculous 
Horrible
In my opinion shroder is kinda ugly 
IT :(
People who watch only a few games a year hate Smart because his game sometimes makes no sense. When you watch a lot of game, you notice the impact he makes. It’s subtle, but he’s a key guy. He’s a junk yard dog
wat? losing to the warriors was frustrating? 
"Letdown game"
Same, I think it's league pass not the stream fucking up 
> aura 

darn :(
I mean, they literally didn't cheat at all. Just forced their fans to sit through years of losing and shitty basketball
At least they have some Asians 😍
Can’t repeat coaching at the allstar game
Kyrie's shooting well this game
You said you wouldn’t say anything negative for the rest of the year and that mods should ban you if you did. MODS 
LeBron:(
We usually take the lead after being down inn the 4th
who the fuck even says that anymore 
At least he's not Smart
It's one quarter of one game...
88 to the Dubs, least points given up per game in nba....
Flashback to the raptors game
Maybe he's frustrated for being called for fouls so early
Chill the fuck out, LeBron. 
fuck outta here with that negativity
:/
People are stupid.
You're giving massholes a bad name. Celtics friends>>>
That's a weird way to spell Jaylen Brown.
I don't want them to call it at all, the pump fake there gives the offense the advantage so the travel , which it hardly even is, is irrelevant. It's just a dumb rule. 
Thank God. Missed Jaylen tho. :(
I know that’s what I mean.. if we were up 15 against a team that had won 14 in a row the ceiling would be shaking from the noise

If there was a bit of noise maybe Boston would wake the fuck up 
> could of 

 Did you mean could've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
Don't remind me. Evan Turner was awful.

Brad propped him up. Just look at him in Portland.
Well Jaylen was on the bench at the time.

Shane Larkin took the shot and that;'s just a fucking joke. Scrub doesn't even belong in the NBA>
Because the ball is not moving correctly and the lanes are all clogged, at least give the scorers a rythm and let them to their thing, there are plenty of mismatches on the floor.
Yupe hawks shot well vs celtics crazy
What do you say, triple digits, fractions, or negative numbers?


No, it didn't. BAD BOT!
Oh I'm sorry. Didn't know we had a moneybags over here.

I'm 308.
Worst case scenario a team like the nets give him a big contract and we match and then trade him for something
No chance? All it takes is one team to make him a stupid offer.
Further on your comment, I see him as Evan Turner. Solid impact for us, but when he leaves he’ll be just another player Bc that team won’t know how to use him. Would hate it if he went to like Philly, though.
I'm just frustrated. Don't mind my angst. 
Done I downvoted your lame ass comment 
Scary Terry seems like the chilliest dude in the game 
OMG, I remember hearing that "curry, watch out" and I was so confused. I was like wtf is someone trying to help curry fuck.
I can be your son for one game 
fongos you crazy
Imagine how cool it would be if a stadium had random nights when two random seats get upgraded to courtside? 
Yeah every once in a while I treat myself to buying the game through League Pass. :(
That's some dedication. I get annoyed about there being a 10:30 game once in a while... 
Bruh, he read this before the game 
I'm someone else who stays up to watch the C's, and I'm from england. Sadly I didnt get any tickets to the London game :(
I'm moving to Canada soon, it's gonna be so fucking weird when the game's over and it's like 10 wtf
You say that now and I might feel that way somewhat, but wait until tonight when he’s 4/16. Not saying he’s bad or whatever but it’s definitely hard to watch sometimes. 

I’d hate to watch Smart his whole career and have  that “if only he had a shot” feeling.
You hate Brad Stevens, then.
Oh fuck not again
14 game not losing streak 
My bad!
NSFRONBA

Not Safe For Rest Of National Basketball Association
Are you insulting Jaylen? It's viewable I just wouldn't want to be caught watching it at work or in front of my family 
The end of last game he threw a ball of Durant after an offensive rebound which saved the game for us .
Morris didnt run the clock out vs CHA

And Tatum committed an offensive foul against Toronto by swinging his elbows around

Both in the clutch.

You gunna stay mad at them too?
Paradoxically only those suffering from the Dunning-Kruger effect will feel the need to formally invoke it in casual discussion.
"Terrible coaching" = 14 game win streak with a team that everyone declared done after game 2
And those are the types of plays casual basketball fans just don't see or pay attention to. All they see are missed shots. 
Game 3 @ CLE
No Smart gets open looks because he is the worst shooter in the league.

It's not a slump. That is the most preposterous thing I've read on here. Dude is a career 30% FG shooter. To say it is a slump is insulting.
But much worse than bad is still awful. I'm not saying he sucks, I'm just totally on the 'cut down shooting volume' bandwagon.
It's very possible that they haven't practiced. I mean if you think about it lately they have had a game then off day and then a game. I doubt they are having practicing on that off day since they have to travel. Only way they would practice is if they have a few days in between games but the next time that happens is in December.
I wouldn’t expect the Hawks to shoot 48-50-80 again...that’d make it unreasonably hard to beat them again.
Seriously. I’m a 90’s baby and I️ can’t believe people born in the 2000’s know how to Internet. 
JVG: I'm getting really tired of this defense.

Celtics Fans: I'm not.
That's fine but he needs to 1) stop driving into the paint and forcing bad turnovers because bad turnovers are bad and he should play within himself, and 2) don't knock the ball back through the hoop when our team is scoring. 
Were you the one who made the video? I've been seeing this youtube channel on my feed and is usually a Celtics video. 
Do you guys realize that +/- isn't based on what a player does alone?  It's so ridiculous how that team stat gets used to qualify a players impact on the game.  It's the worst stat in basketball
So it's fine that he pisses away a bunch of possessions each game by forcing up unnecessary bone-headed shots, because defense and HE JUST MAKES PLAYS BRO!!
The frustration isn't that he misses shots, it is how badly he misses.
The frustration isn't that he misses shots, it is how badly he misses.
Our two guys up there also both have the lowest minutes per game usage of anyone on the list. 
Team basketball.
You're friends a god damn idiot. Tell him I said that.
I don't acknowledge fans of teams unless that franchise has at least 5 titles 
> we will add an all-star wing ~~next~~ this season *on 3/23*

stay woke fam, it's gonna be crazy G


So true Celtics hate is unreal. Billups saying Css hadn’t been through adversity yet on countdown  🤔
Lonzo would never get his ugly ass jumper off without it being swatted back into the stone age.
That's some heavy implications that Lonzo and Ingram can even hang with Jaylen and Jayson in a pick up game
Probly doesn’t give a fuck about the Celtics tbh, he never even played a game for them
yeah, probably. the lakers aren't bad enough, unfortunately.
The Lakers are awful... But Mavs, Hawks, bulls, kings, definitely worse. 
We actually don't have a chance for the 4th pick if LA has the 5th worst record because it has to go to one of the top 4 teams. 

Not only do the worse teams get higher odds, but they get a guarantee that their pick won't fall below a certain point.

You can't get the 4th pick if you are outside the worst 4, you can't get the 5th pick if you are outside the worst 5 etc.

You can see the lottery odds [here](http://www.tankathon.com/pick_odds) (although ignore the team's listed, it just has the current standings which are still going to change heaps)
I have mad respek for Curry and think he deserves the accolades he's been given; but he looks like a lil bitch in this picture. I know any given picture can make people look like clowns, but with how Steph looks in this picture; you know Jaylen is the one wearing the pants in that relationship. 
Watch the highlight videos. After one of his threes it looks like he's about to kill someone/wanted to cry. Crazy shit
Hasnt he not played a game this season?
This is dumb 
you don't think you'd rank him 2? he's not even close to 5
They squeaked out some games without Irving. Without him they’re not top 4 in the east. They’d still be competitive but common man. And I’m not saying Kyrie’s in that MVP discussion yet either.
So what's wrong with it? The Bulls in the 90s could also have 57w even without Jordan.  I mean if Irving have injury some day, u expect the team keep losing and losing? 
If the Cavs keep playing him for 80 hours a game, it will
Shut the fuck up
That was quite rude
An argument based around his "meme diving/hustle" and giving up a singular bad three isn't just disagreeable, it's straight bad. Everything you've said is misinformed and not researched
I know what the word convey means, but you're correct I don't know what it mean in this instance? 
"If the Lakers pick doesn't convey" doesn't covey where? To Sac?
Marcus is one of the worst shooters ever in the history of the league.  This will be downvoted as well. Marcus is a terrible player on what half of the court.  He has 5 years of being terrible going on 6 it's pathetic how he can't improve his shooting.  
Well, he's been in the league for 4 years. But also fine. Everyone is entitled to an opinion and even if we disagree, your opinion is backed up by facts. I would never call a professional athlete 'pathetic' for any play, but I have no issue saying he's a bad shooter
He spent 2 years in college I'm counting that it shows he hasn't improved.  His shooting is pathetic. 
Are you 15? Lots and lots of people didn't like my opinion so I should feel bad..? I'm really not sure if you're a female or maybe you just have a low testosterone count? But that whole cucked statement you made was fucking sad, I don't care if 1000's of people hate it, i'm still going to say what i feel lmaoo. How vain are you?
It was a farce, like usual.
This isn't a stat comprising their numbers while covered by Jaylen. I don't even think it comprises their stats when Jaylen is even on the court. It's merely the numbers those guys put up against the Celtics.
You are wrong. 
My gut says AB and Turner had at least one each?

Did KO ever catch fire and go over 30?
Celtics were aggressive and took the ball inside so they got calls. Warriors missed jump shots and didn't take anything inside. That's why the Celtics got calls late and the Warriors didn't. 
Come on you boys in green!!
wtf is a Greenboye? That some weird British slang?
#16...never fucking forget this

http://www.espn.com/espn/feature/story/_/id/20847733/nba-preview-2017-18-warriors-vs-everybody-power-rankings
Page not found wtf
This didn’t link to anything (at least on mobile)
But he sucks. He didn’t even score.

– person who doesn’t understand basketball, probably
Oh Angry Lou
I shit on this guy for so long and I was so damn wrong.
Trade Marcus Smart for a veteran who can make a layup.  I wish we could just cut Marcus and have Rozier step up.  But he's shooting terribly as well.

To all you Marcus wet nurses who will downvote me and quote +/- stats, we are winning *in spite of* Marcus' terrible play.  Not because of it.
Meh might be the wrong word but he’s averaging 20 points on iffy efficiency. He hasn’t been the offensive firepower yet we all thought we were getting but he certainly hasn’t been bad
See broccoli, you cant talk smack on Smart....Ive tried. People see these hustle stats and dont think of the 8 turnovers a game he causes when he shoots. 
should amend to 'terrible play offensively" he's almost unbelievably terrible on offense this year, even for him. his defense has been above average to excellent 95% of time
80

Kyrie's is number 11
Kyrie's dad's number is 11
November is 11th month 
No of returning celtics is 4
The earth is flat 
Gordon Hayward has 1 broken ankle 
Jaylen is No 7 

X

Jason Tatum No 0 
Plus 80 games 

= 

80-2 


At Miami will be tough and so will at Indiana. But I think it makes it 19 losing to Detroit. 
That Pacers game is not only in Indiana but also on a back-to-back. It'll definitely be a tough one. They have been playing well. 
They slid by Atlanta and now have Dallas in a 4 games in 7 nights game. Hope that one isn't the one they drop because Dallas shouldn't be the end of the streak.
I agree I think the Detroit one will be a tough one. But I like it to push past 17
His athleticism is off the chart crazy. 
One thing you can say about Jaylen is he's a fucking killer, he seems to have that Kobe/jordan attitude 
Eddie fucking house, my dude! Bleeding green. 
I like chuck, I don’t hate it when he rambles and he says some crazy shit. We can’t all be right every time in life. At least he’s real and says what’s on his mind.
Yea they had Shaq shopping wtf
I've never seen a fanbase so obsessed with protecting its status as a third-tier also-ran. 
I live in Toronto and I'm surrounded by them. I fucking hate Raptors fans.
PJ muthafuckin Brown was the enforcer and secondary soul of that team behind KG, imo.
"Yeah, you dumb Celtics fans! Our team plays *down* to the competition! How you like dem apples, bitchboi?!"
I mean as your 6-9 guys it's still hard to beat aside from the warriors 
Don't get me wrong, I think Kyrie will be a Celtic for the next decade, but I doubt he gives a fuck about where his dad went to college.
You don't "resign" as a player though, you retire. Resigning is usually used to signify stepping down from a position or office
I guess you don't read the game threads then. There is so much hate on him there.
Tropically not the game threads no.
Well, of course not, but the Smart hate didn't develop overnight. As a Sophomore he wasn't so reviled by that subset of Boston contrarians.
Just because +/- doesn't agree with your eyes doesn't make it wrong. He came onto the court in the third and we went on a 17-0 run. That's not coincidence.
reminds me of that time chris paul scored 69 (?) to honor his grandfather. crazy shit dude
he was the guy in that video where jaylen played a fan one on one (sorry, I don't know how to hyperlink on mobile). they were long time buddies. sad to see him go
yeah, my bad that was a little confusing
Sorry didn’t mean to be insensitive. 
I wouldn't say *no problem*. I've counted out LeBron a couple times in the past 10 years, y'know? 
Their defense will still be pretty damn bad. To be on GS tier, you need to have it on both ends, not just offense (which I suspect will insane with IT)
Is there an official timeline? 


April would be six months after the injury, and would give him some time to get back in shape. He could be a starter again by late may (ECF time), having him come off the bench doesn't seem that unrealistic.
Should I save yours too?  Cavs aren't what they were before.  Sorry BronBron is gonna leave you and your team will slip back into irrelevance?
The cavs def is terrible you think IT is going to make that magically better?
Not sure he'll be in basketball shape by then. 
I've gotta say, this comment did not age well.

/u/Supercedings what do you have to say now?

/u/madkingaerys

/u/bdonkalonk

(just tagging random people I saw on this comment thread)
The celtics, they're playing 82 games compared to the patriots 16. I don't know if this is serious or not?
The patriots will finish 10-6 at worst, you really think the celtics are going to go 77-5?
I don’t think you should be downvoted. This place is tough.
For a guy who claimed he wouldn't blame the refs or say the game is rigged, he certainly wanted to write about how bad the refs were and make a point to mention how they allowed the Cs aggressive play. 

Reminds me of Ricky Bobby saying "With all due respect." 
Wizards and raptors fans in shambles. Those bums wanted gsw to end the streak so bad. 
Fuck your toaster, we’ve got Kyrie’s dick!
Man it was crazy when the refs blew two 17 point leads in the same game. Oh no wait, that was the Warriors 
Cavs fan here saying Congrats! And FUCK THE WARRIORS!
Can we get this type of game from the GOAT every game?
He came into this game with confidence and something to prove. Now he just has to have that mentality every game...
He did say he’s frontrunner for mvp after the game
I still respect Chuck for throwing out predictions and opinions ahead of games, even if they're wrong or stupid. 
We've got enough of those hindsight-experts on TV.  

gsw always get a lot of calls in their games , they're just mad about the Celtics do the same thing 
raptors fans are the worst
You have to take her to Ruth's Cris every game night for the rest of the season. 
i agree, but i’m not worried. He’s playing with a broken face at the moment. 
Stop now. Seriously.
The Bill Russel mentality. When we beat the big3 lakers. We run them out of the gym.

People don't understand how effin annoying our defense is from a players perspective. Your given a game plan. These bois steph and durant, they dnt game plan for or study terry, yab, larkin etc. But our bench players study every facet of their opponents. Steph beats terry through a screen theres jaylen in his face. That shit is going to weigh on yo ass in 48minites.
I usually lean Cavs fans
Yes, I remember that game. It was a statement.
Draymond should have gotten at least 2 technicals, the sheer amount of times he was barking at the refs was insane. Was shocked they didnt toss him out.


Calls in the NBA are fucking awful in general, so i dont blame people for complaining. But its not the calls that made Warriors get only 88 points. So all the complaints about Boston's FTs are irrelevant to GSW getting locked down in the second half. They could not get a basket for long stretches of time.

If Celtics shot just a tad better, Smart and Irving specifically, then Celtics would have blown them the fuck out.

Warriors lost to a Boston team that didnt play all that well. Let that sink in to all the people thinking its just some fluke. 
It looked like they were just officiating poorly and then calls start going to the team that wasn't bitching after every missed call.
The refs were inconsistent all game and made bad calls against the Celtics too. 
Yeah overall it just felt like there was a disparity in the amount of contact they were allowing between the two teams for much of the game. In isolation nothing was really that egregious. Eg. I have no problem with the calls they didn’t make on the Celtics – I actually prefer a game where the refs let some contact go and don’t blow the whistle on every play. And I don’t have a problem with most of the fouls the Warriors got called for, if you’re calling an all around tight game. But calling a tight game on one side and a lax game on the other is what is bad. And that’s how it felt. And I’m a damn Celtics homer who 90% of the time agrees with Tommy! So you know it must be bad.
Yeah im just being silly. Imitating r/nba.
Kyrie is a fucking stand up guy. Cheers to him
Also he's the fucking man
I mean Kobe Bryant is one of his mentors 
When people say he’s the “heart” I️ cringe. Like cmon, they’re grown men, they have plenty of drive without Smart. Without him you people would be shocked how little difference they’re would be
I'm not good at picking out shot mechanics but is it bad again? Does he regress when playing so much defense?
I wish he would take less idiotic shots. 
He adds a lot of value to this team. But any Celtics fan is lying through their fucking teeth if they say they’re unbothered by his individual offense due to his production on creating offense and defensive production. I hate seeing him take so many bad shots and seeing Taytum not taking enough shots😂
He was plus 15 becuase he happened to be on the floor with a red hot Brown. He did nothing on that run but miss 2 shots I️ think. +/- doesn’t mean he was a positive this game because it was his worst if the season and he wasn’t
Magic when he turned the ball over twice on one possession with a minute left? He had a terrible 4th bro and a terrible game
That's a terrible analogy. 
Fucking nailed it. 
It wasn’t really a serious comment.
His offense was trash but there’s a reason he was on the floor to close the game out. He’s invaluable and proved it once again.
It was pretty bad sarcasm on my part.
Brad will put him out there every time in that spot. I get people being salty about smart as his offense is really painful to watch but the guy deserves and needs to be on the floor, especially in tight game situations. 
I️m sorry but I️ can’t listen to a bball that uses single game +/- as evidence tbh. Like that is so bad, Jaylen carries his ass and you wanna act like Smart is the reason for a 17-0 run when he scored 0 points
What a stupid question in the first place.
Fuck that tiki looking mother fucker
can’t get behind this, Klay is bae
~~Jimmy Butler~~ Klay Thompson look so ugly bruh, look like a face you put on a totem pole bruh lookin like a tiki mask bruh
No he's not Chuck, you idiot.
 In his book he talks about how hard it was not win a championship here. He loves Boston 
"To Larkin" definition-to be the hero. example in a sentence. He Larkins to save the game. 

Conjugate to 

He Larkins
Did you see the larkening
I can't believed he larkined 


90 points in a half holy fuck
And not a word was uttered about the outcome of the game by Inside The NBA 
No one is scoring when I'm on the court - Marcus this game
#Where the fuck are those Mahcus Smaht haters? Fuck y'all
Smart continues to troll the rest of the league by shooting a terrible % from the field but still beating up on them
Mere coincidence. /s
watching that game this is unbelievable. I take back every bad thing I said about him last night
If a player refuses to shoot they are conceding that the offense will be awful.
I don't go on game threads to begin with, so count me out.
BUT BUT BUT HE CANT SCORE HES THE WORST PLAYER EVER!
Too bad our own fanbase doesn't :(
I mean, he may be the worst scorer in the league yay..
Can't please everyone unfortunately 
Thank you! It just drives me nuts that people here shove some stat in your face regarding Marcus and act like it's hand written from Jesus as a fact of life and if you question it youre wrong. 
You hate all stats that oppose your view. Everyone who defends Smart knows his shooting % is complete ass. We all recognize it. But he plays for a reason, because he's fucking valuable despite that.
... What? I haven't edited anything bro

Edit: nm I thought you meant the previous comment. You dont look dumb though, still makes sense
Thought you meant my previous comment, my bad. You don't look dumb though.
God this situation is so crazy. RIP.
:(
Im not crying. Youre crying.

:'( 

R.I.P 
Jaylen's performance was so fucking moving tonight.  I couldn't stop doing this weird maniacal laugh thing
I just watched his video yesterday, i feel so bad for jaylen rn,he must have meant the world to him.
Sorry fellas I️ literally butt-typed that- could not have happened on a worse post... wishes out to jaylen
By the title, I'm going to skip watching this one.. This sucks
Damn I got fucked up like that when I was about 19.  Dated a girl for 5 years and then she decided to break it off.  

Kills me to hear about this and that video reflects something that all of us have felt after a tough breakup.  RIP Trevor, Jaylen went hard for you bro.
fuck outta here
Lmao then you write this calling him the worst in the world. Dude who gives a fuck about what people believe in/like. Life's too short to give a fuck 
Actually the worst type of person goes on this sub at 730 and starts talking shit. Get some mental health treatment man. You obviously need it
How can you read this thread of comments and think you're not the bad guy here?
You sound like the fucking miserable person. Go fuck yourself in the deepest depths of hell. 
Fuck you. kid I have mental illness I have a degree in mental illness rehab nothing I said bashes anyone with mental illness. Aren't u bashing religion? . You don't know shit about me.  You're a worthless human. You must be so fucking lonely everyday. Get a life you shriveled up testicle waste of space trash.
I'm non-religious, but people like you give atheists/agnostics a bad name.
Why are you so angry?
That degree in mental illness rehab doesn't look too good...Don't think ill be referring anyone to you anytime soon.

> You're a worthless human. You must be so fucking lonely everyday. Get a life you shriveled up testicle waste of space trash.
Uh that's not what happened. Dude said he'd pray for Jaylen even though he wasn't religious. Then other guy basically said that it wouldn't make it worthless just because he didn't believe.
Do you have severe anger issues?
Sounds like projection to me. You seem like the worst person here.
It only seems weird to us because we are not woke. We are sleeping, wake up.
Fuckkk this is heavy. Such a sad situation man.
I want to give him a hug so bad
:'''(
:-( man that was tough to watch 


that takes some mental fortitude to play as well as he did, man 
Gah this was so sad
I wonder if Isaiah will reach out to him about it. Must’ve been crazy to see IT play through that and now he has to play through it
It's gonna be tough, thoughts are with him
Fuck the reporter asking "what was his name how'd you know him" journalism is a fucking joke now the info was released HOURS before this
Fuck suicide man
someone is cutting onions in my house, thousands of onions
Wasn’t he in Newport, RI this past summer?
So I wonder how much VC Steph Curry had to pay to get that awful hairdo...
God I hate steph curry.
I hate to say it but you guys have no chance against us in the playoffs. You might steal a game..that's it
It's actually pretty shitty in SF in June (June gloom), usually cloudy and cold. Probably not as bad in Oakland though.
I miss you already :(
"Hipster at basketball game sarcastically roots for team"
Such a miserable looking clap. 
I lost my mind when he was like "If the playoffs started today, this team wouldnt beat Cleveland in a 7 game series".

IF THE PLAYOFFS STARTED TODAY, CLEVELAND WOULDNT EVEN BE IN THEM!
Please can someone update us on what he has to say now, that ringless bastard was torching the Celtics for no reason. I wanna see if he has the humility to admit he was wrong on his guarantee
Celtics proved a lot of "experts" wrong tonight. 
Shaq is a bad influence on Chuck. 
He almost always admits when he’s wrong
Meh. A lot of us felt that way at halftime of game 1. That was a dark moment.
It's the definitive smug dismissive attitude in which he makes the proclamation. If you're going to say statements as such, prepare to be ridiculed when wrong
On a complex interview he said that was his goal for this season. To be in an all defensive team
When he was on Durant, he made him work; and when other people messed up, it seemed like he was always there to save the day.

Dude is the real fucking deal.  I don't know if he gets the nod this year or not, but if he keeps playing like he has on the number one D in the league...
Me made KD his bitch. This is a statement game for him
Once this game, and once another game, he was doing the opposite. Had his back to the ball when the handler was driving. This game, he recovered quickly enough to bother the shot.
I mean Horford would have gotten the putback anyways
That is a foul. Not a super hard one, but he got bonked on the head. 
Tough call I think 
I mean he got hit in the face twice from this angle. Once by Draymond and again by Durant. I understand not wanting to call these to decide a came but come on.
Not a good call that late in the game but Al's putting that back anyway so it doesn't matter TBH.
I lost money on that game. Will never forget. 

My friend was trying to say the refs threw us the game. GS was just getting out hustled. Horford had put that back up and in before the ref had even hardly called it. Maybe don't jump with 3 defenders huh warriors?
Naw..what's insane is that anybody DOUBTS US!!!!

GO CELTS!!!!!!!!!
31 points under their average points per game going into this game.  Let that sink in.  That's fucking crazy.
I thought it was impossible to hold them to under 94?
AMEN but this is par for the course with FUCK THE CELTICS culture. You got to live and die by the hate.
Gsw had some calls for them too, like dray getting a shooting foul on a pass. You cant pin this game on refs anymore than any other game this season.
calls always even out in the end. Does anyone seriously think the refs are biased?
#SUCK MY FUCKING DICK CHUCK
SUCK IT CHUCK YOU FUCK WE HELD THEM UNDER 94 AND WON
#THIS IS OUR FUCKING CITY

#MARCUS DIDNT FOUL BUTLER

#ATLANTA BLEW A 25 POINT LEAD

#THE BUTLER DID IT

#ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE

#ITS NOT LUCK
Fuck it Mask Off
FUCK ALL YOU SIXERS TROLLS BEING PATHETIC IN OUR GAMETHREAD WHEN DOWN 17. HOW'S OUR COLLECTIVE GREEN DICK TASTE????
FUCK KD
--------
"This is the worst officiated game I have seen in the entire 3 years I've watched basketball." - Warriors fans
#FUCK KD! FUCK THE WARRIORS! AND FUCK CHARLES BARKLEY! SUCK MY DICK CELTICS 14-0


THIS GAME HAS ALWAYS BEEN

AND WILL ALWAYS BE

ABOUT BUCKETS
I just want to say fuck r/nba. A bunch of salty ass wizards and raptors flairs over there 
Fuck Chuck 😂
We just beat GSW with Marcus Smart having the worst game of his career. Holy shit
Holy SHIT the nba post game thread is the saltiest shit ever 
Embrace the HATE my friends we are the only team that can join r/nba and the warriors to fight against us, means we are up to something
LETS GO FUCK THE WARRIORS
What a fucking come back! 
This fucking team man
FUCK CHARLES BARKLEY, NBA FINALS BOUND
#JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN
Regardless of the fucking refs this game showed our Defense is legit beyond doubt and we're clutch as a muthafucka
#Getting fucking wasted tonight!!
FUCK CHARLES BARKLEY AND GET FUCKED r/nba 
Where’s the TNT post game for Charles to eat his fucking words?!!
[Celtics fans coming in the post game thread like](https://youtu.be/l_MyUGq7pgs)
This team stay having my dick ROCK HARD
Control + F "GG" on our game thread. Please go make those guys eat crow
#/U/THEGAVIN IS THE GOAT FOR NOT WATCHING THE GAME 
AND HOW BOUT THE ROOK PUTTING THE GAME AWAY AT THE LINE!!
Who cutting onions during Jaylen's post game? 

Man these reporters getting way too in his face while he's hurting like this.
FUCK THE ANTI-BOSTON SALT MINE THAT IS R/NBA 
Oh yes we fucking did!
HOLY FUCK
#GUYS I'M CRYING I NEED A HUG :((
fuck it mask off - kyrie irving
Fuck KD, FUCK Barkley with "The Celtics can't beat the Wizards or Raptors".
read my fucking flair

READ IT
WHAT AN UNREAL GAME. HAYWARD'S PRESENCE BROUGHT THE JUICE. CELTICS BABY. 
YO FUCK YOUR NUMBER ONE POWER RANKINGS, KISS MY ASS
Only thing bad about this game was listening to Marv Albert make mistake after mistake...
Crazy that Tatum ended this game with 12.
Horrible game from Horford, Smart, Kyrie and they had a bad game from Curry and... to some extent Klay. Jaylen played his fucking mind out, unbelievable. Kyrie redeemed himself later on. 

BTW WHERE THE FUCK IS THAT BASTAHD WITH HIS ANALYTICAL PREDICTION OF THE CELTICS RUN
Obligatory fuck yall Boston the goat sports city
This team has fucking HEART
I am very hard rn
Can we please start a petition to get Charles Barkley off the air. I hate that guy especially the way he was trashing my team. GO CELTICS!!! #OnTo15
MASK ON. FUCK IT MASK OFF. 
FUCK THE WARRIORS
OUT WITH THE FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOLD!!!!!!!!!!!! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
I look horrible in basketball jerseys. May have to get a Brown jersey after tonight!
I fuck with a man named Jaylen Brown. 
Holy fuck this team is so clutch
FUCK CHUCK
FUCK NICK WRIGHT FUCK COLIN COWHERD FUCK CHARLES BARKLEY LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO !!!!!
WE ALL BLEED GREEN TONIGHT! LET'S FUCKING GO CELTICS (CLIPPER FAN)
What a game!
HOLY SHIT THE BOYS PULLED IT OFF!!!! 14!!!!!!!
FUCK YEAH
##THE 80-2 DREAM IS STILL ALIVE, NOT EVEN THE FUCKING WARRIORS CAN STOP US
Jaylen Brown 

Goat Game
Jaylen balled out in such difficult circumstances. He is a star alright!
This game was a fucking blast to watch. Wish I coulda been in the garden
Jaylen gave us our heart in this, Smart had his worst game all season. Thought the refs let alot go and had some bad calls both ways. But..WOOOOOOOOo
Game. Blouses.
Won this game in spite of Marcus, god damn
Best Defense! Kyrie is clutch even in bad games! I am so FUCKING HYPE!!!!!
#LEEETTTTSSSSS FUUUUUCKKKING GOOOOOO!!!!! FUCK THE WARRIORS!!! FUCK THE HATERS WHO DONT BELEIVE US!!!! WE'TE WINNING BANNER 18 IN 2018!!!! ☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆
NEVER WATCH ANOTHER CELTIC GAME, /u/thegavin
Crazy streak. Praise the Brad!
Mask on.  Fuck it.  Mask off.
LET’S. FUCKING. GO.
Game of the year, no question
Fuck it mask off 
how bout Mook with consecutive game saving Defense 
Does that Irish dude know that he won us the game yet!?!?!?! 
fuck
FUCK YOU CHUCK TAKE THIS L AND SUCK MY DINGUS
That was some fucking pants-off defense by the Cs
Steph Curry had a worse FG% than Lonzo Ball's average 3P%

Feed me your tears dub nation
Being at this game was INSANE. It was tough watching the first half but we shone in the second half, as we do. To hold a team like the warriors to 88 points is a milestone. This team is so legit and has so much energy. 
Fuck the warriors 
That was one of the worst reffed games i have ever seen. Wonder how much dick Kyrie had to suck to get those calls
That was sick when the refs decided the game 
They get that behind the glass replay of Jaylen throwing it down from the FT line every single game.  Kids got crazy ups. 
Holy shit, ninja update! Clapping Gordo! Give me the Gold! 
This is why we post game thread
Y'all gon make me get the gold, 
Up in here! Up in here!

If I gotsta bring you to a Boogie, then it's gonna be sick

All you Warriors up in the Garden? Yo

"Suck my dick"

And all them KD cakes you run wit,

Get done with, dumb quick

How the fuck you gonna cross JB with some bum shit?
What these Warriors have to understand, is that this game has always been, and will always be about buckets^buckets^buckets^buckets
Fucking *suck it* Chuck.
I'm literally watching this Suns-Rockets game just to see him eat shit at halftime
BUT THE CELTICS CAN'T BEAT THE CAVS... OR WASHINGTON... OR TORONTO


GO FUCK YOURSELF CHUCK 
Chuck is just a fucking troll, he should go under a bridge and eat a hobbit.
How did you decide what to capitalize? Or is it completely random?
This squad is going to be *insane* 
You figured they'd learn we are their fucking daddies by now 
It's hard to ignore how shitty the refs were
I’m afraid to post there coz the Bay waters might be salty aF 🌊🌉🌁🌊

Edit: [in case you wanna track the salt levels of r/NBA look if I’m getting downvoted with this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/7di2ai/comment/dpxzq05?st=JA3DPZ61&sh=5981ce47) 
Shit we can't say the celtics suck or the warriors are bad....who do we blame now???!!??!!
Muhh refs, but nobody notices us holding Steph to 1 fgm until late in the 4th. Fuck all of them.
The thing is even with the admittedly weak call, we still didn't let the Warriors score the rest of the game so at worst it would have been going to overtime and we still would have had a good shot to hit a buzzer beater too.
And fuck all the apologists with Celtics flairs in there downplaying our victory for karma, pathetic.
Maybe halftime of the rockets game?
Yes or at least keep her away from the fucking tv
Refs were letting both teams play all game. So much sour grapes in that sub rn
U will not get to watch another game this season but I thank you for taking one for the team brother
Gotta give /u/thegavin gold for not watching the game and helping the C's extend the streak. 
also all of r/nba apparently thinks this is like the worst reffed game ever.
That call was irrelevant anyway. Horford put the ball in the basket.  If no call, then it is still a bucket. 2 points either way.
Dude get your eyes checked, seriously. Kyrie’s arm was hit from behind by either Andre iguodala or Draymond. 
Maybe their game 7 loss to the cavs?
It's November, bud. I doubt anyone is *seriously* thinking about the ECF or Finals.
Yeah man. Like when the refs spotted the Celtics 17 points and forced Curry to throw up bricks.

What is the point of going into another team’s sub to bitch about refs? It’s kinda pathetic 
#IS THAT THIS GAME HAS ALWAYS BEEN
I mean he is the Truth 
Seriously the fucking worst. I wear my r/nba downvotes as a badge of honor when I defend my boys.
Nobody likes you.

You’re wrong.

Bleed to death through your nipples.
And we got Hayward on the bench and kyrie with a broken face.  You know it goes, HATERS GON HATE.
The unintelligent biased folks should remain silent so the men can speak.
*slow clap*
Off the chicken weeengs.
Damn thats horrible
Ah. I am from Wisconsin don't have cable :/
Every game is an awful shooting game . What’s crazy is you’re acting like Marcus won that game. Nope. That would be Jaylen Brown going off twice while down big , Al Horford’s consistent tough play throughout, and Kyrie at the end.
I'm a few years older than Jaylen Brown, but fuck it! Can he fuckin' adopt me?!?!?!
Psss. What a fucking hack by Brown. /s
Faith, Consistency, Hard Work Pays Off.
It's currently 12:16 a.m. in the Netherlands and I have an 8 a.m. meeting.. But I'm going to watch the game from 2-4:30. #14 tonight, let's fucking GOOOOOOOOO. Can't sleep on my boys. 
inb4 Scary Terry "Michael 'MJ' Jordan" Rozier III puts up 50.
People in this sub are unbearable anytime the Celtics trail, you gotta realize it's a game of runs
Chuck is a massive douche. I hate him and you should to 
Biggest take away from this game: Curry’s hair looks horrendous. 
Probably not a good idea to point at Jaylen anymore, Curry.
FUCK CHARLES BARKLEY 
How the fuck is that not a tech on KD?
I guess I'd hate the Cetics too after being spanked by Bird, McHale and Parrish for the entirety of the 80s and part of the 90s
I need finals Kyrie or at least playoffs Kyrie 
Why the FUCK did we draft Tatum at #3 if the bench squad is just gonna freeze him out game after game?????
Mook and Jaylen for the rest of the game.
We'd be ahead if we made 30% of our wide open shots. Our d is sick as fuck. 
#"CAN'T SLEEP ON THE CELTICS WHEN YOU'RE VERY MUCH WOKE" LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOO. THIS TEAM NEVER QUITS!!!!!
I will always hate Zaza.
Game threads have been stupid negative this year
Prediction:

Jaylen Brown hits the game winner, and Gordon Hayward jumps off his chair and is cured from his broken ankle after the return of Jaylen Jesus Brown
We beat Toronto without Kyrie you fat ass alcoholic. Fuck you chuck 
Chuck is such an idiot. We beat Toronto without kyrie
Can we please hold them to 94 or under so Chuck is wrong yet again? 🙏🏼🙏🏼
HOLY FUCK, STOP DOUBTING THE BOYS. WE'RE NEVER LOSING AGAIN
What a contrast between Al's sexiness and Zaza's ugly ass...
Don't feel bad for Smart at all after that poster
What the fuck Chuck we already beat the Raptors 
Chuck might be the worst analyst of all time
Why Charles hate the C's so much? saying we 4th in the east....dude is nuts. 
Fuck. Charles. Barkley.
**IM GENUINELY SHOCKED KLAY MISSED THAT**
TELL CHUCK TO GO FUCK HIMSELF WITH A FAT W AGAINST THE CHAMPS BOYS 
#fuck Charles Barkley
Strength of schedule is a horse shit stat. Of course our opponents records are bad, we just beat half the fucking league in consecutive games. Horrible way to judge anything 
A++++++ effort by Jaylen on that strip holy fuck way to stay with it!!
JAYLEN MOTHER FUCKING BROWN!
I like when Jaylen gets angry 
We just fucking beat Toronto without Kyrie. 
Well chuck ur opinion is wrong
Kyrie took off the mask? Isn't that dangerous?
Jaylen may still lack polish at times, but he's got that mental toughness that you can't fake.
Jaylen takin his stress out on the rim, league fucked
Fuck you EA!
Well, I for one am super fucking relieved the Warriors are only up five. LITERALLY shocked. We played like fucking shit. 
man charles hates boston - We've already beaten the raptors you moron
Oof. We just look kinda dazed. This game has been really on/off
Just give the ball to Jaylen and get the FUCK out of the way. 
Jaylen Brown is god wtf
Churl Buckley eating his fucking WORDS rn
God I'm fucking scared of a 3 from GS
FUCK YOU CHARLES BARKLEY!
HOLY FUCK WE ARE FUCKING CONTENDERS
I can't believe we won this game shooting like that. Godlike defense.
Feel sorry for Jaylen :( 
Fuckin TNT with stupid ass Bones instead of pregame takes
That midrange game is so wet for nook
ANOTHER TERRIBLE SHOT FROM SMART WITH LIKE 20 SECONDS ON THE SHOT CLOCK GO AHEAD DOWNVOTE ME AGAIN FOR POINTING IT OUT
God, Smart looks like crap shooting 
My dog has to pee but I’m trying to keep him occupied until halftime so I can walk him without missing the game 

Update: doggo made pee pee 
Smart so bad at scoring that he's now scoring negative points 
Marcus is infuriating to watch
Barkley can shut the fuck up now
Marcus Smart was terrible that half ... aaaand +3

HOW DOES HE KEEP DOING IT
FUCK IT MASK OFF
Stop acting like we are doing everything wrong.

We are 15/52.

That's the problem.
Jaylen is singlehandedly keeping us in this game
how is this a close game considering this is our worst shooting night of the season literally just not making shots we would be blowing them out if someone actually hit their shots ugly ass game 
This Celtics team is fucking legit. 
TATUM ICE COLD
FUCK YEAH CELTS!!! GET THAT SHIT!!!
FUCK YOU CHUCK YOU FAT FUCKING FUCK
Downvote me, but fuck Marcus. Makes the dumbest shots and always misses. 
Man i hate Kevin Durant so much and he used to be one of my favorites 
Curry "I thought they traded Bradley what the fuck Jaylen"
YES!!! THE KEY TO THE GAME!!!
Yep, Brown definitely didn’t get bodied on that take. They literally will not call a fucking foul.
I fucking hate the stupid fucking warriors
Bahaha you could tell Tatum hated saying he looked like drake 
I’ve never commented in actual game thread so here it goes...


FUCK KD!
That was definitely a foul, but still

JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN
Bas enough you can't shoot now you're knocking kyrie' s buckets out of the basket? Wtf
pathetic start to the 3rd
Jaylen playing some grown ass man defense this game 
Jaylen and Morris only ones who wanna play tonight. Everyone else has been awful mentally. 
At least Jaylen showed up tonight.
JAYLEN IS ANGRY. DO IT FOR TREV.
just wait till jaylen brown gets in the game guys
TNT is cutting it awful close with these commercials
Why the fuck is smart still in, wtf is he doing
I LIKE MARCUS. BUT HOLY FUCKING SHIT HE IS FUCKING AWFUL RIGHT NOW 
GET FUCKED GS.
Where’s the post game thread
IM FUCKING DYING
Anyone know how I can listen to the game without watching it? On the bus w/ no wifi  
The thing with Jaylen's friend is fucking me up. I can't imagine having to play a game like this after something like that.
my dad is very upset about bones: "who watches this crap" 
This pre game hype video on the Celtics feed is lit 
WHOEVER IS IN CHARGE OF VIDEO FUCK YOU YOU GAVE ME A FUCKING HEARTATTACK
FUCK ZAZA. GO JAYLEN!
honestly, bad defensive quarter
Marcus what the fuck bro
How the fuck does Golden State keep getting away with all these fouls?

The league really is fucking rigged, isn't it?
look how sad hayward is 
Smart it’s not that hard just PASS THE FUCKING BALL
Jesus Christ these announcers don't shit the fuck upppppp

I want to hear the floor squeck and i can't fucking concentrate with them talking about random bullshit
Can’t believe we only down by 11 how bad we are playing
Gotta say, this commercial break is fucking gold.
How this is a five point game is beyond me. We shot so, so, so, so bad. 
All y'all who were overreacting when we started slow haven't been watching this team.
Omg Barkley fuck off
Chuck can’t even come up with a reason on why he thinks we’re bad 😂
Remember when Chuck used to hate the Warriors for the way they played? Said they’d never win a championship, look at them now. Point is Chuck is an entertainer not an analyst.
Barkley is a stupid fat fuck
That mask is fucking up Kyrie's shot.  Not sure what Curry's excuse is
Kyrie it's a regular season game get the fucking plastic on your face.
BROWN PLEASE FUCK MY WIFE
Brown is a fucking monster
Fuck i might ask Santa for a Jaylen Brown jersey instead of Kyrie...
MARCUS SMART WAS STANDING THERE FOR 3 FUCKING SECONDS BEFORE CURRY HIT HIM!!!
So who’s down for another scary terry quarter ending three?
FUCK THE WARRIORS AND EVERYONE AGAINST THE CELTICS. YOU ARE WITH US OR AGAINST US 
God every time Kyrie drives I'm afraid he's just gonna get hit in the face
I see the refs decided we're not allowed to finish the game out in a legitimate way
Kyrie....wake the fuck up.
Call a god dam T on Draymond, he's bitching all the fucking time!
A Marcus smart game winner would make so much fucking sense tbh
**DURANT IS GOING TO HIT AN UNSTOPPABLE 3 I CAN FEEL IT FUCK FUCK FUCK IM PANICKING FUCK FUCK**
HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT IS THIS HAPPENING!?
LETS FUCKING GO
NOW Ppl are gonna take us Serious
What a fucking game 
LETS FUCKING GO 
#FUCK YES
ANOTHER GODDAMN MARCUS SMART STUPID SHOT WITH LIKE 20 SECONDS ON THE SHOT CLOCK WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
what the *fuck* marcus. Seriously?
Stop talking about fucking college football
START THE DAMN GAME BEFORE I PISS MYSELF 
gg celtics got drones game over gsw
Thank FUCK no reggie miller
Tatum on KD is a questionable defensive matchup. Would rather have Brown on KD
Tatum tip out to nobody :(.. Fighting for boards alone.
Dear lawd Curry’s hair is disgusting 
Bad offense Tonight 
Some bad shooting so far
Only 10. Not so bad. Just don't fuck up the 2nd. It's a trend when we do it in the 1st, so please.
Smart is so frustrated 
Marcus Dumb
How the fuck are we only down nine?! WAKE UP BOYS!!!!
JAYLEN U FUCKING GOD
def a foul but how about this fucking hustle from brown holy shit
Marcus is so bad offensively he makes his other teammates miss too.
FUCK YOU SMART!!! FUCK IM ANGRY
fuck i hate TNT, show us if brown is okay not dumbass warrior highlights
The refs are actually REALLY bad tonight on both sides
I think Smart has literally fucked up every single aspect of offense, like everything you can do bad offensively he's done it this year. Multiple times. 

Can't take him out, we need Cobra on defense.............. Yes, I'm saying this, we can't take him out. 
Put Tatum in take out Marcus wtf
FUCK CHUCK

We just beat the Raps without Kyrie
Fuck you too Chuck hope Shaq takes away your food.
It isn't that Smart misses shots, it is how badly he misses shots.
Chuck is a clown. We can’t beat fucking Toronto????!
Barkley is a moron.
I hate Charles Barkley so goddamn much
Once Smart shakes off this 4 year shooting slump he'll prove all his haters wrong!
Something we all agree on barkley is a total moron
It's Tatum Time, time to run a few plays for the lad!
I hate it so much when Zaza makes shots...
cry about it you fucking bitchboy
FUCK KD 
BLOOD TRANSFUSION FROM KYRIE TO JAYLEN! THAT MAN IS COLD BLOODED
This is the game Jaylen becomes an all star
What the fuck is wrong with Currys hair 
This game has proved beyond doubt that jaylen will be an all star soon
I used to think, Jaylen “literally Michael Jordan” Brown, was just a dumb joke. Now I’m reevaluating. 
wtf is marcus doing
Shooting some awful shots right now.
Smart is 0-7. Get him the fuck out!!
I hate that lineup, we need Baynes or Theis in there, I don't like Morris at the 5. Smarts offense is only efficient with a rolling big. Switch it up Brad please, before it's too late.
As shitty as Smart is playing, somehow, he's still fucking leading our team in plus minus, tied with Baynes for +11.  How does this even fucking work?
Coaches wasting their timeouts already. End of this game is going to be hype
Fresh jaylen coming in soon.
Kyrie unhindered by facemask for rest of game.

Things are trending UPUPUP!!!
When Kyrie has the least points of the starters

Crazy
MARCUSSSSSSSS FUCK
THE FUCK IS WRONG WIT YOU SMART
Can't believe this game came down to smart fucking up.
OH LOOK MARCUS BRAIN DEAD SMART WITH ANOTHER HORRIBLE SHOT THAT LEADS TO A RUN OUT WIDE OPEN 3!
The fact that we ran a play for Marcus to shoot with less than 2 minutes in the game is beyond comprehension. 
THATS MY FUCKING SON JAYSON
FUCK YEAH
"I gaurantee they aint holding them to 94" MUH CHUCK WRONG AGAIN HAHAHAH
The Celtics have mother fucking arrived. 
Last second reminder: refs will be absolutely dreadful. Previous 4 matchups were ugly af and refs tried to keep the games close as much as possible for a last minute showdown. Expect it and embrace it, try not to bitch about it TOO much
I hate game threads sometimes. Can't believe I just saw the comment 'trade Marcus smart I'm not even kidding' with 7 upvotes.

You asshats just start watching the Celtics tonight?
WHY THE FUCK ARE WE GIVING THE BALL TO MARCUS??!?!?
Jesus Christ TNT sucks
marcus so bad at shooting he cant even let his teammates score
Jaylen Brown friend game>>>>>>MJ Flu game
Fuck me that was one sick intro
Holy fuck, does anyone know when tip off is? I hate watching this pre game ~~show~~ commercial
God damnit I hate Marv 
I'm probably just wrong but I do think they're too unselfish 
Fuck KDs slinky armed ass
LETS GO!  Curry trying to do some dumb shit after he stopped his dribble.  Brown making em pay
Ugly quarter
Smart is playing embarrassingly bad since he was a starter that one game
Just like the OKC game. Cant hit anything.
Im so fucking sick of hearing about Philadelphia.
Scary Terry sighting!!!
I don't like Bad Marcus
jesus Marcus, come the fuck on man
The refs are literally watching our players get pulled and they don’t give a shit fuck this man 
Playing bad and not getting calls.  Double Wammy.
Smart and Brown combined 2/12, 0/4 from 3, awful
This is legitimately just sad. Curry is playing like shit and we’re still losing by almost 20 
Dude Curry is the game's leading rebounder
FUck that call on Jaylen I am pissed off
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN AINT SCARED 
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN
Jesus Christ just fucking bench Marcus
Yeah im a hard pass on resigning smart after this year. Like that was painful to watch. I get the elite intangibles and defense but he is literal garbage at offense
Wtf is chuck saying? 
All you Marcus haters are still going to be riding his D when he gets a steal or takes a clutch charge down the stretch of this game. 
Fuck that ringless bastard
Chuck... admit you're wrong. 
I don't even care if we lose as long as we just start making some fucking shots and it's at least close...this is hard to watch us shoot like this 
there's something really frustrating about watching them just cling onto this game. when it feels like it's getting out of reach they get back into it before it looks ugly again
am i crazy or did kyrie take his mask off
HOW CAB YOU NOT SHOW UP FOR THIS GAME!? WE LOOK PASSIVE AS FUCK. 
What even is this offense, like its the worst its looked all season, everyone is scared to shoot 
Curry just as bad shooting as Kyrie tonight difference is these fuckers stacked the deck bringing in KD
just want to take a second to shoutout everyone who hated on Jaylen’s abilities this summer
I'd tell Chuck to eat his words but that fat fuck probably would.
(Jaylen Brown is the leading scorer in this game against the defending champions going in to the 4th Q)
The crowd played a big part in that comeback. If any of you are at the game and reading this keep it going!!!
How is he this bad at shooting?
Damn this is the worst I’ve ever seen Smart play :(
Smart Rozier has to be the worst shooting backcourt in NBA history
Watching Tatum drive makes me cringe every time.....


....solely because I think of him playing with the second unit and Brad having guys like Smart and Rozier jack up awful shot after awful shot.
I feel bad for the Sixers, Curry's gonna drop 45 on them on Saturday. He always makes up for bad games in style
Fuck you KD!
Ohhhhh no Steph can't show up now that's bad
Fuck
Kyrie, it’s not too late. Be the hero.
wtf? that's a shooting foul?
Draymond screams at the refs every fucking play, doesn't get a tech ever and just now gets rewarded...fuck you
CELTICS BALL FUCK YES LETS GOOOOOOO
Kyrie why doe and fucking rebound the god damn ball 
Wtf Marcus 
Now I feel bad for smart damn
How has there not been a tech yet this game?
Don’t even cry. Kyrie got whacked from behind 
Fuck you Chuck
#SUCK MY FUCKING DICK CHUCK
I hate Draymond so much that this feels even sweeter.
Fuck the warriors
HAHAHAHAH FUCK THE WARRIORS
Held under 90 points...what a fucking defense.
HOLY FUCK WE JUST BEAT THE WARRIORS AFTER BEING DOWN BY 17 AND WE HELD THEM TO UNDER 90 POINTS 
Lets fucking go boyzzzzz. 80-2 here we come!
WTF MARCUS
WE CANT BEAT TORONTO? WE FUCKING BEAT THEM WITHOUT 2 STAR PLAYERS 
I legitimately hate Marcus his defense doesn’t make up for his trash offense I don’t care what anyone says it just doesn’t. He absolutely kills us on one end and can be replaced on the other 
Smart you fucking idiot
Is that one Irish guy gonna not watch the game, some dude that said every game he hasn’t watched we won or something 
Smart is so bad at shooting it’s outrageous. I might be better
get posterized smart you've been awful this game
I wonder if this game has killed /u/3ITKH
fucking Marcus...
Fuck off Marcus. Fucking waste of playing time
FUCK CHUCK
Curry’s hair is absolutely disgusting 
Honestly, I'd fuck brad
I bet Kyries mask smells so bad after a game
This game feels like its in slo-mo
Is it just the TNT feed or are our green jerseys darker than usual?
I was so confused by the Green Jerseys to start! I was like Yay we got the tipoff! Wait.. nooo they got the tipoff
Can't let that happen this game, Warriors know how to convert..
Thank you Jaylen for finishing hard for once instead of putting up an awkward layup
2 painful offensive rebounds for GS in the last few possessions
Passing and rebounding terrible right now
HOLY FUCK THAT BLOCK WAS EVERYTHING I EVER WANTED.
Do people come here to enjoy the game or just be completely miserable?
We can’t score for the fucking life of us 
**CAN WE MAKE A FUCKING SHOT**
WOAH THEY CALLED A FOUL AGAINST THE WARRIORS? I DIDN'T KNOW THAT WAS FUCKING ALLOWED
I hate Swaggy P
Garbage defensive and offensive performance. Fucking hell
TIL it's illegal to call fouls on the Warriors
Our offense has looked so awful....
Fucks sake it's so frustrating watching this team go ice cold offensively for such long stretches. Don't have a chance in hell against a team like this if we play that way another quarter.
10 points down isn’t too bad. Remember who we’re playing and the comebacks we’ve already made.
Mid-game interviews are stupid
sometimes i really miss bradley :(
These refs have been insane giving golden state shooting fouls when they should be on the floor
I hate when TNT cuts away from FTs for an interview - there’s a game going on you assholes
That was a travel wtf
Can we hit a single fucking shot tonight 
Has TNT given up on the game?
JAYLEN BROWN JUST MADE ME HARD 
wait wtf just happened
I don't think Marcus could be having a worse game.  Knowing him, he'll come through with some late game heroics, though.
Wtf just happened???
Why the fuck did smart feel the need to slap the fucking ball there
Jaylen is the fucking man. Smart is really frustrating tonight. He has been in the league too long to be playing this sloppy.
Why did you touch it Marcus not even rookies make that mistake wtf
Anyone at the game know what's up with Jaylen? Marv Albert said he took a spill but then it went to break
Abby chin will hit the game winner 
Smart is the worst offensive player I have ever watched
Barkley is HATING heavy. Fuck outta here
I hate watching Chuck talk about the Celtics. 
Chuck you fat fuck get your head out the fridge and watch a fucking game
I think Barkley just hates Danny Ainge, so he shits on the Celtics by saying we got worse
Curry’s hair makes me irrationally angry 
There goes the cutting into the lead 
STFU draymond. Fake tough guy
Morris has been playing the lifesaver role this game
Fuck it mask off 
Fuck it mask off?
Welp, they are hitting shots now.  Fuck.
I seriously don’t know what the fuck is up with Kyrie 
Our offense makes me sad 
Kyrie has made zero impact this game 
Fuck man, we're playing decent defense but they're hitting fucking everything 
I want to fucking die
Durant is a fucking snake
Whenever about 3 people selectively hate on one player everyone else starts hating on them. This sub.
We're going to need Kyrie to be Kyrie in the 4th. It comes down to that imo. He's been bad tonight.
KEEP FUCKING FIGHTING BOYS
Jaylen Brown takeover game LETS FUCKING GO BOYS
ONE

POSSESSION

GAME

MOTHERFUCKERS
ALL YOU JAYLEN HATERS GET THE FUCK OUT.
Fuck my stream froze, who got us the lead?!
What is happening I'm watching the game but can someone explain what is happening 
Whatever happens, I’m cool with it. This team battled back against the Dubs. Kyrie has played awful, and we are somehow in this.
Smart's offense has been terrible lately.

Today has been the worse so far.
Take Marcus the fuck out. He fucking blows so much.
That was an open fucking layup. How is he so bad?
Smarts worst game as a celtic
Man, I want Draymond to lose so bad!
Our guards are horrible tonight and we're in the game. (Jaylen is a forward to me)
I’m shocked we are getting calls our way
Well fuck 
Tie game. Let's go Celtics!!
Holy fuck is Draymond ever not complaining about something? 
How the fuck was he shooting? He literally passed it..
Dumb shot kyrie
OH BOY WHAT A GAME
Kyrie needs to chill with the dumb shots. 
In really mad.  Kyrie can't get excited and take a fucking stupid shot that blows our momentum
I FUCKING HATE SMART.
I fucking the fuck out of Smart. All the hate he gets is 100% deserved 
Such a horrible game by Smart. This has to be his worst game of the season, right?
oh thank god he fucked off to the bench 
To everyone that says Smart shooting bad doesn't matter because of everything else, explain this
Fuck Chuck from before the game saying "I can guarantee you the Celtics can't hold the Warriors under 94"
FUCK SORRY FOR SPAM I AM FREAKING OUT LIKE NUTASFDSASFsdf
Put Hayward in at half court in the chair!!
My heart is fucking racing... here we go
KYRIE "I GO TO THE LINE WHEN I FUCKING WANT" IRVING!
That was definitely a questionable call, no?
So... anyone watching the game?
LETS FUCKING GO DEFENCE. Do your job.
If Marcus smart saves this game I'll take back every bad thing I ever said about him
FUCK YOU DURANT. 
TAKE THAT L AND GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE
FUCK KD
HOLY FUCK!!
Fuck, so we exhausted our favor with the basketball gods tonight.  This means we're getting blown out by the hawks by 50.  Whatever, I'll take it.
GIVE ME THE FUCKING GOLD  LETS GOOOOO!

Tatum... biggest fts of your life. Fucking do it.
fuck the warriors again
We demand to be taken seriously.
Are you fucking kiddingmeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
Game.
lets FUCKING go

YOOOOo. FUCK THE WARRIORS.
Fuck Chuck! Fuck the Cavs! and Fuck Lebron! 
Fuck your toaster! Suck a Dick!
go fuck urself smart. so fucking garbage offensively. 
Bootum needs to fuck up Marcus if we lose
Jesus these trolls are fucking annoying
Marcus Dumb
GSW are making our offense sloppy with all that fast switching. Tough test trailing by 12
marcus smart now -2 points. defensive upside doesn't out weigh his shocking offence
Fuck this espn half time bullshit and fuck charles barkley
I was mad at Marcus. Now I just feel terrible for him. He AINT this bad.
We could have the lead now if you know what I mean.
Don't think it can be overstated how much I hate Curry and his stupid,  weanie,  little shot. 
Seriously, I fucking hope Ainge just cuts Smart.

So Brad will stop fucking playing him.
Just bad shot after bad shot. 
Curry hair WTF
Thank the lord reggie miller isn't calling this game
Stephs new hair is so incredibly stupid he looks like that one horror movie guy
Sick move by Kyrie

Damn we look bad so far 
KD hair is so fucked up
rebound the fucking ball
What's up with these stupid fucking passes
Serious hops by Brown geez
fuck man get the rebounds
This is ridiculously bad. 
And now we can't rebound? wtf
my cable froze/glitched on that morris 3 and jaylen dunk :( TV WHYYY?
Terrible offense
Bad ball movement 
THE END OF US THIS SEASON WILL BE OUR INABILITY TO FINISH. FUCKING. LAYUPS.
We are taking terrible fucking shots
What the fuck is Kyrie doing:?
shooting is awful
If we could shoot this would be a game... yikes.
I wish Marcus would just make some shots :(
I don’t know about everyone else but I’m keeping a close eye on the dirty fuck zaza
Jaylen needs to keep driving hard
Swaggy P on the warriors just feels wrong
I'm not that disappointed with our defense outside of the first couple minutes, but our shooting has been atrocious
That was ugly and painful
In the GSW thread they think they're the ones getting the bad end of ref calls..... 
I don’t get it. Why is Smart a bad shooter. How?
How the fuck did that shot count?
Just brutal. Pick it up guys.
This crowd seems tame AF tonight
SCARY TERRY!
Our shooting has been fucking garbage this week. Can't rely on defense alone to beat the Warriors.
Smart is frustrated get him out now 
JESUS SMART!! :(
Refs are atrocious. Not much of a surprise. It's the NBA after all 
Marcus has some really bad misses.
When did our team become so fucking whiny. Everybody is complaining on every single offensive possession
Holy fucking travel Klay
MAKE A FUCKING SHOT DEAR GOD ITS NOT HS B-BALL 
Alright now we just look bad
This could get ugly if we wait until the 3rd to score
It's just going from bad to worse to even worse aaaaah
this fucking blows. fuck everyone on the Warriors
WE SERIOUSLY CANT SHOOT
WTF IS GOING ON JUST LETTING IGOUDALA DUNK EVERY TIME DOWN THE FLOOR
STOP WITH THE FUCKING MIDGAME BULLSHIT. JUST CALL THE FUCKING GAME, HOLY SHIT.
Awful shots
Jaylen having a hell of a game!
LETS FUCKING GO
Can we get a fucking rebound?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
What the fuck
Smart is so bad on offense he actually loses us points 
Jaylen is the fucking GOAT
Shooting like we are and only down 5 at the half? I will fucking take it
Smarts working hard on that contract year.
Somebody please tell me that basket interference call is reviewable, because that’s some bullshit. And Marcus WTF?!
Fuck u Charles, u don’t know me
Barkley is a fucking prick. What the fuck is his problem?
Chuck go fuck yerself
This tnt basketball crew is awful. It's such a waste of time
HEY GUYS SHUT THE FUCK UP THE GAME IS ON SHUT UP CHUCK
The C's have played poorly and are still close to the defending champs at halftime.

Nowhere to go but up!


LET'S GO FUCK ZAZA
Curry's hair looks awful
if kyrie plays off the ball one more fucking time he needs to try create so fucking offense like usual what is he doing
Well this is frustrating. 
I cant take my eyes off Currys hair wtf is it
What the FUCK kyrie
They ever gonna give Draymond a T like seriously.
WE CANT MAKE A FUCKING SHOT WHAT THE FUCK
Holy fuck this offense jesus 
Al :(
All arm wtf
i’m starting to hate r/nba they literally shit on the celtics every possible comment 
Kyrie: fuck it mask off
Picked the worst night to go cold from behind the arc 
Now it's just getting sloppy 
Not a great time for Kyrie to shit the bed
Kyrie looks fucking awful..my god
oh my goodness this is the worst game we've played all season 
Warriors are just unfair 
Jaylen at least showed up tonight 
Otherwordly game from JB
Jaylen fucking brown
Jaylen seems like the only one that can make them uncomfortable today
Jaylen mvp game
Brown stepping it the fuck up tonight boys
Jaylen is a bad bad man Kyrie need to step it up. 
Thank christ Curry and Draymond are playing bad
LETS FUCKING GO
LET'S FUCKING GO, CELTICS!
FUCKING JAYLEN BROWN FROM DOWNTOWN
Trying to tell you guys, it's a game of runs
Motherfucking Jaylen WANTS this game!!
1 pt game boyss
LET'S FUCKING GOOOO
This game is fucking insane
FUCK CHARLES BARKLEY
Marcus dont take a fucking three please
We seriously need to move the ball up the floor faster... holy shot, that's why we have to settle for shots. 24 seconds boys. 
This squad man... This fucking squad...
That was one of the worst free throws I've ever seen fr 
...What's weird is that we struggled all game and were just now cracking 70 with GSW? Your 2017-2018 Celtics.
This is not a good lineup
Smart is so fucking bad tonight 
This is just sad now
Gotta get a scorer in the game soon, can't linger around with this team.
Marv Albert is losing it kinda feel bad for the guy 
Seriously Marcus, you're wasting your passing abilities chucking shots
Our D is fucking legit. Warriors only have 74 with 7 mins left in the game.
# Dirty Al!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a weird fucking game
Fucking Tatum is already a monster! 
HOW ABOUT A FOUL! WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
excuse me Kyrie...WAKE THE FUCK UP
Kyrie needs to fucking turn it on I️ mean for fucks sake this is the reason we got him
We gotta score before this game gets away from us
2 point game. We got this. 
Someone gif that guy going crazy in the crowd
Holy SHit Kyries a fucking god
My god, Brad, I will never doubt you, you are a fucking genius.
#PUSH THE PAUSE ON THIS GAME. PRESS PLAY IN JUNE MOTHERFUCKERS. WE HAVE ARRIVED.
FUCK YEAH
Marcus plays like garbage all game but scraps out that Cs ball after JB's missed three. Ends up with the Kyrie and 1 and we're up 1. Fucking Marcus
Bad shot
Fuck these bounces. 
GET THE BOARD COME THE FUCK ON
Terrible shot, and terrible fucking rebounding. Not how you close a game. 
Fuck. Couldn't get any of those rebounds.
COME ON WHAT THE FUCK
Kyrie , Baby , I know you are having a tough game , But pls , now is not the time for hero ball.
Two dumb passes in a row

Marcus in the post late game is killing me.
Marcus has lost us this game and if you say otherwise you're not watching
Why is there a single warriors fan in that fucking arena?
Marcus... just why. I don’t think I’ve seen someone play so bad and not ride the bench 
I hate Marcus Smart with a passion.
Is it just me or are hardly any fouls being called under the basket when both teams are molesting the hell out of each other out there?
You SHOULD feel bad Smart. 
Marcus so bad on offense just there.
Fuck you Easter Island head Thompson
Smart's D is crucial but he is fucking up our offense BADLY
Watch Marcus hits the game winner
GOALTENDING WTF
This game is making my feet tingly
I haven't been this hype since Game 2 of the Wizards series.
Fucking sucks we have no timeouts to advance the ball
OHH fuck, here we go. I'm trembling
KYRIE IS FUCKING MVP
It's 4:38 a.m. holy shit this game is long af.
FUCK YOU DURANT!!!
FUCK THE WARRIORS YESSSSSSS
Fuck yeah!!!
Holy fuck!
FUCK YOU CHARLES!!!!
I AM SO FUCKING HYPED
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!!!!!
FUCK CHARLES BARKLEY
I CANNOT wait to hear what chucky fuck nuts has to say about this game.
WE FUCKING DID IT, BOYS AND GIRLS!
We made GSW play OUR GAME
FUCK YES
fucking Marcus smart are you fucking serious 
well this game has been dissapointing
MARCUS LITERALLY SCORING NEGATIVE POINTS.
MARCUS WITH THE NEGATIVE SCORE
The people on this sub: “yeah I’m a diehard Celtics fan, I support them no matter what!”
*marcus has 1 half where he goes +3 with some bad plays and Jayson Tatum goes -14* “marcus is a cancer to this team!! He should never play and Jayson should take all his minutes!!”
Refs are keeping us in the game
Now I remember why the NBA has been lame. 

Warriors are literally unstoppable. 
Kyrie is pretty brutal tonight. Cant remember a game like this from IT las tyear. That said, if we still had IT he wouldnt even be playing.
FUCKING MARCUS SMART OH MY FUCKI G GOD DUDE WHAT THE FUCK
Kyrie making up for sucking ass for 90% of the game
marcus dumb
Marcus seriously sucks. Take him out.
Smart is a fucking idiot.
Fuck KD
Smart redefining bad offense
Marcus Smart is the worst player to ever play in the NBA.
Smart has been playing so bad holy fuck
Can everyone fucking chill about Smart. This sub is so fucking reactionary sometimes. We are down 5 at the half, people need to ducking relax. 
Kyrie should be ashamed at this performance. Shit is fucking pathetic.
This is pathetic. Everyone needs to look at themselves in the mirror after this one
That singer was awful 
im still fucking waiting for kyrie to show out
His shot selection has been awful we all know that but Smarts defense has been just as bad so far this game.
WHY IS EVERYTHING A FOUL FOR THEM AND NOTHING IS A FOUL FOR US IM VERY ANGRY
Can Kyrie please take it to the basket? He needs to stop being so passive. Offensively, we need him to be scoring if we want to stay in the game.
Marcus u literally have negative points how do u feel
Way to fucking go Marcus.
Fuck you smart you fucking bust. You don't deserve a damn extension
Wtf Marcus sit the fuck down
Crazy how this whole thread is "fuck Marcus Smart...trade him" but when someone posts something negative on him, it gets down voted to oblivion 
Kyrie needs to make a fucking shot
Why the FUCK are we running plays for Smart? seriously what the fuck? 
I fucking hate Marcus smart and I hate golden state
Marcus and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day
FUCK YOU MARCUS OH MY GOD
I made some fried rice and salmon for the game. Lets hope I can stay off the tar boys. 
Let's get this shit!
That anthem was terrible.  
Fuck KD!!!
OH shit!
i hate how there is no mike and tommy tonight.
Fuck I'm not tryna listen to Marc fucking Albert
A late one for me tonight. Lets Go Celtics !! from Scotland 
TAKE THIS GAME OVER KYRIE
this game is gonna be so ugly
IVE BEEN SAYING IT ALL YEAR. JAYLEN CANT FUCKING FINISH LAYUPS AT THE GOD DAMN RIM.
Fucking Hannibal in the jail
Offensive boards hurt us a lot last game. All those second-chance pts :(.
Hey look a team we can hate together!!

How bad did they boo Kyrie?
celts need to slow this game down

CRAP MY TV CUT OUT AND I MISSED IT 
FUCK THE WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRIORS
FUCK MARCUS COME ON MAN
If our bench can’t score we’re fucked. 
Passing hasnt been crisp terrible pass at theis feet
Couldn't have played worst in the first and still only down 10. Lets get into it
Everyone's shot seems cold so far, but if they start dropping at anything close to the rate they have been the past couple weeks this can be a competitive game.
This has to have been our worst quarter this year
I hope Draymond Green and Swaggy P both get annoying hangnails
I hate David West so much. 
I know they’re the warriors but i’m just so sad 
I wanna see Draymond do his fake tough guy act against Morris. 
#Scary
Gordon wants to be out there so bad :(
Seriously? 
Can we run a fucking play at some point?
fuck the warriors

Fuck
I don't usually complain about officiating but come on this is kinda bogus
playing really dumb, cmon Cs use your heads
We keep telling Smart to shoot because we think he will get out of his slump...What if hes just a terrible shooter, and this isn't a slump.
Game over 
JFC. This is pathetic shit
These dumb shots...
Can someone PLEASE make open fucking shots in getting irate watching this shit
Holly shit a foul!!
TNT wtf is happening 
Come on Kyrie. Take over the game!
Just an overall pathetic display of offense. 
Marcus can't even keep Curry sealed. What a fucking disaster
what contact? They brushed against each other whil ehe had his stance and was euroing around him.

What a fucking bail out
wtf was that pronunciation on semi ojeleye
Lmfao KD is such a fucking pussy
god damn it Mav is trying hard to trigger me with that pronunciation
Hopefully this game is a reality check so that Ainge realizes that our bench is shit
Normally I hate transition threes... but that shot tho
Fucking brown doing it all! Man this guy has steel balls
can kyrie fucking score i swear to god this is what hes here for when the teams cold as fuck
Jaylen is a fucking stud
Rumors of the Celtics demise were greatly exaggerated!
Unbelievable that this is a ~~5~~ ~~3~~ 5 PT game
NOBODY IS FUCKING WITH JAYLEN. HE IS A MAN POSSESSED
#LET'S FUCKING GO
fuck Kevin "Snake" Durant!
LETS FUCKING GO JAYLEN> ANYTHING EVER
and just like that a 5 point game!
LET'S FUCKING GO
GSW fucking shook
Wtf? WHO THE FUCK TOUCHED THE BASKET?
Back in this shit!!!!
Like why the fuck would you ever touch the ball going through the fucking hoop?
Charles Barkley is the worst person in the history of nba 
Hopefully they were watching Barkley during halftime.   Get angry, fellas. 
Fuck Charles Barkley.

I like Ernie and Shaq, though.
Chuck is... wrong. 
Shut up already... game on. 
These turnovers are brutal. Why aren’t we locked in right now? 
Another terrible fucking pass by Al
Fuck you KD
The fuck is this start, CMON BOYS
I don't like having logos on our jerseys, but at least we don't have that ugly Golden State Rakuten jersey that looks like it's taped on.
Kyrie has been inexcusably poor  
Fucking mask
MAKE YOUR FUCKING FTS!!!
Zaza is an awful matchup for Al, Baynes is better there 
Mask on, fuck it mask off
Wtf was that defense Jaylen 
Kyrie has been awful. 
Kyrie been trash tonight cause that stupid ass mask
Fuck KD, now and forever.
I cry :(
fuck it mask off
Is Kyrie throwing the game? 
Kyroe is useless tonight
TIL suffocating defense is missing open shots
Holy fuck Jaylen is on tonight
worst part of this is Nick Wright and Shannon Sharpe have some fresh ammo to diss Kyrie for some time.
Warriors are playing sloppy and missing their shots. Let’s capitalize!
We've got a game here folks!
3 point game!!! Let's fucking goo
Stop fucking shooting Smart. Fucking dumbass 
J fucking B!
Someone else needs to step up though Jaylen gave us this energy but he can't go at this pace all game.
JAYLEN BROWN IS DESTROYING STEPH CURRY WTF
This is insane
I might cream. I seriously night cream. 
Windows 10 just fucking raped my computer after an update but we’re on a run idk what to feel
Wtf is this game 
Fucking Marcus. 
I’m crying wtf
LETS FUCKING GO!!
Don't give me hope...it's so cruel
Not the fucking time to start settling for contested 3’s. Please coach Brad.
Oh look... Smart with a horrific shot that leads to a runout. 
Smarts gonna lose us the game 
wtf was that defense
this lineup i hate. Tatum doesnt touch the ball and its either marcus shooting inefficiently or mook ball stopping
ATLEAST GET KYRIE IN THIS LINEUP IS JUST AWFUL
Klay is SO cold
kyrie is clearly scared of doing anything with his face he looks disappointed as fuck 
This sub seriously needs to jump on HOrford for All Star this year. He fuckin aye deserves man. Hes playing like its HIS team this year
Why am I so nervous about a game in November wtf 
Ugh fuck KD
I HATE STEPH CURRY 
Cassipi the Tatum stopper wtf
Why is he in the game. Why...
Tough game from terry tonight
That's fucking bullshit, it was a pass attempt
Brown that was dumb af bby 
Only a moron would say al isn’t a max player
Fucking stupid Kyrie
Someone fucking hold me I'm so nervous
Wtf
What the fuck man
Argh. Wtf
Marcus Smart is having an awfully horrific game
If fucking Marcus Smart loses us this damn game I'll be done with him. These are the games I wish we had Avery Bradley in 
no seriously smart get the fuck off this team
tough possessions man, eugh 
so useless on offense 
Yea Marcus is making it harder each game. We gonna need to see some function to justify these kinds of mins 
Marcus Smart makes me want to commit violent acts
Smart will probably hit some clutch shot here. My bad for getting on him, should have taken it.
Smart is not an NBA player on offense. Bad decision making, poor shot selection, no touch on his shot.
THAT REBOUND MARCUS GOD FUCKING DAMN IT
Brad u r crazy
2 for 1 WTF
I HATE BASKETBALL. I CANNOT HANDLE THIS STRESS. IM JUST A SIMPLE FAN. I CANT TAKE IT.
THIS IS TOO FUCKING NERVE RACKING!
Brent Barry is awful
What a game
Irving about him doing a Finals game winner
Ready for a stupid ass fadeaway 30 foot buzzer beater from one of the jackasses on GS
Man so tense
Fuck im shook, pls no KD fuck you 3s. 
LETS FUCKING GO!!
Fuck YEAH! 
Holy crap
Fuck yeah!!!!
#ONE STOP HERE BOYS!! LETTSSSSS FUCKING GO!!!!!!! ☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️
Rook getting very fucking valuable minutes
Game.
BALL SO HARD THIS SHIT CRAZY
FUCK YEAH
FUCK YAH!!
I'm about to get kicked out of work because of this game lmaoo
Fuck you Marcus you dumb fuck
Holy horrible anthem. 
Dumb shot. 
I hate you smart
Well if youre gonna lose might as well look awful
Can this sub please stop saying smart deserves an extension? One of the worst offensive players in the league 
smart is a fucking idiot
Yikes this thread is awful. I'll be back tomorrow when it's not just fairweathers in here and the youngins are in school. Night yall. Always trust Brad
seriously fuck you Marcus
We look feeble
Seriously everyone but Morris and Jaylen look off. Like they don’t even have legs out there 
God any time any Boston team is getting beat by another team I just hate everyone on the other team. Like bad thoughts, evil thoughts
Playing stupid and scared right now. 
I fucking hate Iggy and his stupid face.  he was the first chump allstar to jump on the Warriors bandwagon..
while he was playing against them in Denver 
Fuck kd man dude made it impossible to beat the warriors 
Anytime the Warriors do anything it's a foul on us, we actually get fouled by the Warriors and the refs lose their whistles somewhere, it's a fucking joke 
Wtf marcus u dumbass
wtf marcus whyyyyy
Marcus fucking idiot.
Jesus fuck can we get a call
irving looks awful
wtf Ky that's a terrible shot.
All the warriors do is fucking complain. I’m sick of their shit
That was a pathetic first quarter on both ends. You'd think they'd be up for this game. 
Disgusting fucking quarter.

Game will be winnable if the zebras start calling goddamn fouls against the Golden State Golden Boys and impossible if they keep the whistles up their goddamn asses.

I fucking hate seeing games decided by trash officiating.
Marcus Smart fucking sucks SO BAD on offense.
Al is playing scared tonight. Making sloppy turnovers and afraid to shoot or get in the paint.
WHAT THE FUCK MARCUS YOU IDIOT WHAT THE SHIT WAS THAT
18 points is fucking abyssmal...
We lose this game. 100%.
Marcus fucking Blows
Hopefully Danny watches this game and trades for some shooters. 
AAAAAHH MAN WHAT THE FUCK IS SMART DOING THIS GAME!! I AM GETTING FUCKING SICK OF HIM SHOOTING IF HE SUCKS AT SHOOTING AND THEN HE STEALS A FG FROM US FFS
I’m so mad at Smart rn
Seriously Marcus
Jesus fucking christ marcus smart what the fuck is wrong with you
Rozier and Smart are just terrible in all aspects of scoring. 
What the fuck is Rozier doing
I’m probably gonna get a lot of hate, and I’m not tryna bash him whatsoever, but has anybody else realized that when horford is right behind someone driving for the hoop he kinda just watches them go For the layup rather than jump to attempt to block it? And I’ve seen it happen on multiple occasions not just today. Is it because he’s afraid to foul or just doesn’t have the athleticism to go for those blocks? 
Game over
I hate marcus smart. 
It'll be a 20 point game at half time. Our offense is garbage, and no defense works against the Warriors. Hopefully they don't lose to the Hawks on saturday
Brown and Smart are awful tonight. 
Our offense is really bad.
Get the fuck out of Boston Marcus. I use to love you. I hate you.
Jaylen is absolutely fucking horrible at driving
I officially hate Marcus Smart
I wished Baynes was a bit less useless offensively
Fuck that fat peace of dog shit. Smart can lick my balls, dudes not worth nothing. Cut that ugly fuck at half. Tired of his piss play.
Jesus, the team is shell shocked right now.  Fake #1 East seed
Another terrible defensive possession. Gonna just hope they miss open shots all night?
We lost this game solely because we have two of the worst offensive guards in the league running our bench unit. 
I had to do the same thing while in Lithuania for work.  Pats game at 4am. Next day was painful
I underrated our defense. What a game. 
Danny Ainge still mad KD spurned us. Told his favourite celtic to wear  that to send a message.
It's ridiculous isn't it
This game is giving me the runs
Cept we haven’t had a run past 6-0. 
Seriously
Chuck is habitually wrong
Idk, this one is just particularly bad due to all the bandwagoners who are just here to watch the warriors.
Was it opening night that Al got T'd up for the exaggerated clapping?
I am absolutely against that guy's abstinence. We're all caught up in the fervor of his reverse jinx, but did we ever stop to consider the punishment he is taking? I wouldn't wish missing this game on my worst Laker's fan.

Let him watch.
Did Tatum even shoot?

He needs to man up a bit this game
They don't look strength of the schedule for Warriors tho

pathetic
We're down 3, it's fucking over, everyone go home!

Pack the season up, we're on to next year, fuck the 13-2 record!
He did guard Paul George. It's not like he's been covering Jared Dudley every game. 
Cant wait to see what he has to say after the game 
Is it TNT broadcasting tonight?

Oh fuck I hate them.
It's bad
CALL THAT MOTHERFUCKER MARCUS DUMB.
Bad troll attempt
We’re doing shooting wrong
He has an alright shot but he needs to not try so hard to create shots and let Kyrie rozier and Tatum do that 
He would drop 40 a night. That's just not fair.
And their fake ass bandwagon fans
This is also their lineup of Iguodala, Green, Casspi, West, etc.  Shouldn't be too difficult to guard that.
Worried he’s cold now
He's always awful
Players go through shooting slumps, and for Marcus those look really bad.
I hate the entire team
Same man, just everything about them makes me mad
And he's not a very good entertainer
His ugly ass worm head 
That fucked up hair of his maybe
He's so woke his game went off the Earth's edge.
Ice Cold.
Nothing wrong with balding in your 20s
> Smart is so ~~frustrated~~
 frustrating. 

FTFY

Right, like was he pushed?  just doesn't make sense how stupid that was
That's every night in the NBA unfortunately 
clearly both teams look awful 
Sounds like Hayward would help a lot :(
I hate zaza
Why did Harvard get him to talk and not a Celtic? Fuck Harvard, they're no longer part of Boston 
Extremely disappointing.
Jaylen: say no more fam
we're not a good shooting team so im not sure what to take this as..
It's terrible. Combined with his abhorrent mouth guard displays, the man is truly disgusting. 
GSW commentators are likely the worst in the league

Don't give me that shit, hes plus 11 because HE HAPPENED TO BE ON THE COURT THE SAME TIME WITH JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN. 
Dumb stat all I’m saying 
Aren't butthole *usually* water tight? I mean, I think if yours isn't watertight in it's default state you should probably see a doctor, or at least I hope you are wearing depends.
Barkley can suck my fucking dick
Yeah that was me. I'm just pissed at him. He's actually been a massive disaster on both ends of the floor. Sorry for the hyperbole, but he deserves a ton of shit thrown his way for a performance this bad. 
Yeah and what really sucks is that when these assholes call the games NBCSN team is off air
I don't like to hate on him but he literally ruined someone else's shot somehow. 
It feels like he's pandering so hard.
Even raptors fans are probably thinking that was ridiculous to say
I'm shocked we're still somewhat in this game
It's crazy how bad we're shooting yet still hanging with Golden State. This is definitely our pace
I feel fucking bad for him. I'm angry but I don't want to hate him, but goddamn I can't not feel these feels. And the way his head was low after that last miss/TO just made me feel even worse.
the worst mode
It's prolly because he'd rather be playing League :/

Or play out there in the court, whichever one
The hate on this guy has to stop.
I mean he did it last game...
Well we go ice cold because one of our lineups features two ball handlers who literally cannot score. 
Marcus Smart's offense HAS cancer :(
Would help if his teammates weren’t negating his points. MARCUS YOU DUMB FUCK. 
tatum being awful tonight on the defensive end doesnt help his case :(
I legitimately don’t know how he shot so well in preseason and how bad he’s shooting now 
As much as he's helped us thus far, his terrible performances have to be addressed.  He's hurting us badly on offense.
Dude called us mediocre earlier this year and said the season was over on opening night. 
I'd rather him wear the mask in the 4th. No point reaggravating injury in a November game.
Facts fucking up the flow
Might be, they're averaging 120 this year which is absurd
Hes said it twice now.this guy is a jackass
He’s just straight up bad
thats impossible people were writing death threats and shit and all the bandwagons there freaking out
I fucking hate these national televised games
I know what you mean
Delete your account and get the fuck out of here then
What an idiot. 
Wow is he just awful man
> nasty ass-hair

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
Oh you mean superstar world champion Kevin Garnett?
I hate a lot of things about the NBA. But this is my number one hate. 
> should of 

 Did you mean should've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
Smart shot selection has always been awful 
Tatum has looked shell shocked so far out there though
making claims that we are worse than toronto, washington, cleveland. 
Curry always plays poorly with Bradley up in his face.  Oh wait. 
Youd have to be heartless to not love Jaylen Brown. 
bruh u stupid
Message for fucking what, that his mask is messing with his shot?  Give me a break.
sadly, the flat earth vegan is shooting worse 
We've been past that for about 13 games now. He's ALL STAR AL now.
1 half? Get the fuck out of here

His shooting this season is awful.

If you are gonna shit on Lonzo, then Smart deserves the same, and then some. He is not a rookie.
Dummy it's his broken face
He stinks at anything on the offensive side of the floor. It's the truth. He hasn't and won't change.
only one player is off limits to hate this thread is about knee jerk reactions
FUCK OFF
We went on our run with him in the game?
Donald trump isn't that bad. 
He's just a punching bag to ignore the fact that everybody is bad
He's bad
no :(
Or an inbetween game. Or finishing ability. 
He doesn’t want to play it’s too uncomfortable for him
Seriously tho. Like way to make it all about yourself bro.
Dumb comment.
I saw that futurama episode. It will only make him like getting shocked. 
You mean a missed 3. 
It's bad... never seen it as bad as this entire week actually
25 to 22 is hardly getting ate
If he shoots like this I don’t think he’ll be in the nba for long. He’s terrible tonight 

All around just pathetic performance 
His face is broken
I’ll take Kyrie iso here all fucking day. 
what are you talking about? story of game has been our terrible shooting
A bad start doesn't mean they "aren't up for the game". What a stupid comment. 
You even watching the game?
Yet another stupid comment! Surprise surprise!   


Because we need to be in the game later in the game 
Are you blind?
We are sucking ass on offense, defense isn't terrible but not great. Warriors are being the Warriors.
Bad offense. Not very good d
He is worried of getting hit in da face. Broken bone and all that 
Foul. Trying to block from behind is almost always an automatic whistle 
If you try to block from behind, you're  going to foul 9 times out of 10
Get lost man your act is so tired
jayson looks flustered as fuck
You know, he's +15 this game.
Damn dude it’s not that bad
He just feels bad for Kyrie 
Hey Ivan, fuck you! Mods ban this guy for being an ass 
Get a clue man its one game
You just hate brown every game thead is the same
Game not over idiot 
Oh yeah the game is over already...
Get the fuck out of here
EYYYYYY BIRTHDAY BOSTON BUDDIES BLATANTLY BARRACKING FOR BROWN AND BRAD TO BRING BANNER 18 TO BOSTON!!!
Weak willed sons of bitches 
Man everybody’s been on Dudley’s case lately
I'm just seeing a lot of people being like "what a fucking idiot, blah blah blah".
Sorry brother I don’t know what you want me to say.  
yea sorry for underselling Jaylen, definitely MJ 2.0
He was the worst player in Space Jam so he can fuck off
I mean idk about you but I hope I’m not balding anytime soon 😂(am 22)
They aren't covering the game tonight
It's the only reason we're in this. I'm not defending Smart, but to say he's the reason we're going to lose is to ignore the fact that our team looks awful and it's everybody's fault
with worse shooting.....
Man I've been the biggest hater of Smart on this sub in the last month. Go through my comments if you want, you'll be disgusted with some things I've said about him in anger. If he stops trying to take shots and just plays his usual Cobra defense, he'd be worth that extension...
nope...it fucking happend
Yeah, but he also makes me happier than any player in the team. And whilst he does stupid shit, saying to trade him (not talking to you specifically) is ridiculous from some people on this sub
Sadly I dont im at work and dont have a rewindable stream :/
He's not THIS bad haha
Honestly, I’m sorry comments offend you because they’re low quality and I’m sorry that I made this comment but I’m a fan of Smart and he’s made about 5 bonehead plays tonight that he usually doesn’t 
Have you watched him this game? He's literally killing us on both ends
oh damn. =( thanks though
idk, point out what the fouls are, SHOW THE FOUL SHOTS, y'know, the actual game not cutting to a fucking interview while literally not showing what is happening on the court. This shit would never fly on NBCSB
AHAHAHAH he is so fucking dumb sometimes 
Fucking hell you're right, 2 bad calls against us as soon as I say that
Fucking never. It represents that OUR TEAM IS NEVER OUT OF IT.
I hope so! I feel this game proved Chuck wrong. You guys are a force to be reckoned with. Definitely rooting for you in the East!
Yea not saying anything ill against either one, just that they both say very questionable things a lot.
i agree 100% but these people screaming to get rid of him and saying he’s worthless piss me off 
Half our "shit defense" was moving screens.

Half our shooting trouble is because we're not allowed near the paint without getting fucking murdered. 

So, yes, they did.
Golden State are the world champions.  You are a team who hasnt done shit and have barely played anyone this year. 

That was an awful no call on the Jalen “block” and an even worse ticky tack foul immediately after in favor of Horford.
Thrown some terrible passes and played bad defense as well
I believe his ^\(genius) theory is that Steph played poorly on purpose at direction from the league.
Holy fuck, seriously? Mind = blown. 
WHY CANT WE HAVE FUCKING BOTH? OH WAIT, WE DO!
Gotcha. Had to watch on fricken ESPN game cast so couldn’t tell 
Yes he did, he just didn't play enough to show it. This is marcus' 4th season and he's actually worse offeebsively.... He was the worst offensive player with starter mins last year... And he's worse than that now..

I don't think I have to tell you that's not good.

Edit: actually I should say he wasn't shooting enough to show it, not he wasn't playing enough.
 Oh... well shit, that's sad
WHO WON THE GAME?
Yep. The calls were bad, but oh well, we get that shit almost every game. About time we got a game gifted to us.
I know, still sucks doesn't it?
Are you being serious?
You understand damn well what is wrong with it. 
I think you'll find that *all* of his comments are stupid.
"I want to fucking die" I being over dramatic. 
The fuck are you looking at? Bradley shot 44% his 4th season and 40% from 3
Dead serious.

He's trash.
Sorry, I was looking at MPG. My bad.
Don't pretend you don't know what's wrong with it.   I don't blame Durant for having trouble sleeping at night.  He murdered the league. 
He brings shame to his family each time they lose a game.  Unacceptable 
That's where the 18 point deficit usually start to crumble. The Brad Stevens adjustment is a gift to mankind. 
Not even terrible just an asshole
Warriors are aiming to take us to the woodshed. They are sick of hearing about us from sports journalists. This is the real Warriors we're facing tonight. It's a legit game whether we show up or not. We lose, we lost to the playoff-level Warriors. 
Wrong.
Oh wow holy shit that's fucking terrible. RIP
Damn you never know how a person is truly doing.  Just so very sad.
Damn. One of my high-school friends killed himself last winter. Thing is i spoke to him about a week before it happened and its fucking crazy thinking about it. Hopefully Jaylen balls the fuck out tonight for him. Expecting 25-30 points.
Holy shit I was just watching that video during my lunch break at work bc it popped up on YouTube suggestions. Rip :(
This is very sad. What is with people close to Celtics players dying before big games? Crazy stuff.
I thought for a second before clicking on the link that Rapper Lil Peep who just passed was going to be the friend.  
But obviously I am wrong on this.
Horrible things happen every day; appreciate the people around you, never know if something you say or do is going to be the thread that helps the person hang on and get through the day.
NBA2k16's MyCareer is just so eerie now.
Is it bad I'm shocked it wasn't mentioned once (that I noticed) about his friend passing. Jaylen had a fame like issah did for his sister you can tell at the end all the teammates embracing jaylen and not a word like serious 
Fuck, man. RIP.
I feel sick, man. Depression is so ruthless.
Even if it were, I really hated how the media tried to turn IT's sisters passing into ratings.  I would rather they just give Jaylen some time off and not make a big deal out of it publicly.  
Thanks man. Might take you up on it. The death anniversary wasn’t nearly as bad for me as his birthday that we didn’t get to celebrate with him. 
"Warriors" are garbage.  We are gonna be thanking Mr. Theis so hard after tonight.
Saw BREAK and IMMEDIATELY in all caps and thought you were trying to send Theis a secret message to pull a Zaza on one of the Warriors.
That is the time the game is on tonight. Tip-Off usually about 8:10 Time.
I am not going to Tongiht's game at TD Garden. I did not buy tickets for the game. I will be watching in my Home.
The warriors have been expensive for the past couple years I always buy them the minute they go on sale.
shit you should see what i paid for 2 tickets to the pierce Jersey retirement game against the cavs...
For comparison, I payed $400 for a ticket to the championship clinching game in 2008.
Tickets face value the minute they were released were over a hundred dollars for the worst seats in the place though
Still tho...last year worst seats for the Cavs-Celtics *playoff game* were going for $100. 
They were like $140 at the cheapest when I looked 2 weeks ago. Just one of those games, I hate it
You mean for a MULTI GAME series where the team was expected to lose. Versus the ONLY home game versus the team everyone uses as a measuring stick?
You can still get like $15 balcony seats for "bad" matchups
Please do not mention the London game anymore, you are breaking eu fans hearts
Sittin in the office in Columbus OH, no one is hyped for this game like I am. They're sick of hearing me talk about it. 
you forgot about **SCARY** **TERRY**
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! GET HYPE YOU BLIMEY BASTARDS!
I live in GSW land.. but am a die hard Celtics fan. Let's go!!!

Masked Kyrie FTW
Fuck KD snake ass 
!FUCK 14 FUCK YEA MOTHERFUCKERS!
Fuck Zaza.
God damn what I wouldn't do for tickets...or to even live in Boston again :( 
lose? there is no losing.  This is a home game. Get that wallet out.  C's +7.5
OH Cs fans represent! I work in Cleveland and deal with merciless abuse from our Cavs fan janitor anytime I have a Celtics shirt on. 
I think tonight’s game is at home though.
I dig your enthusiasm but the game is at home isn't it?
Oh lord I thought I had it bad in cbus. Cleveland has got to be tough. I have countless cavs fans that I go back and forth with here. 
At least
:(
basketball fans are the same, sorry you don't see it that way. the anger in your heart is a reflection of yourself.
Hey man, we're above, like, a few other teams!  We're above .500 even!  

...although according to SRS we're 24th out of 30.  That's bad :(
^ see what i mean
Yeah how are the play offs lookin for you now? Fuck off
TyLue taking advice from someone *other* than LeBron? Impossible. 
i'm sorry for you.
I'm at the point where if conclusive evidence came out that this was the case I wouldn't even be surprised.  I'm so jealous of your Brad :(
Yeah, I know it's hard for you to not follow your nature and bandwagon, gtfo here.
i know it's pointless but i can't stop thinking about what this team could've done this year with Hayward :(
I had never heard the quote where he joked about it probably being his last game in Boston. Crazy.
Man, just got real dusty in here....
Now I'm sad :'( Gonna miss IT despite at how much I disliked how he kept going on about us afterwards. That just goes to show you how much he wanted to play for us :(
Its gonna be hard to ever cheer for a player like i could with IT
Have something in both my eyes too.. And my heart :(
I mean IT was a fucking hero for us. To them he's a starting PG who hasn't played for the Cavs yet. 
Agreed. Just his type of game
>The Little Guy

That just feels wrong


I want to hate the Warriors... but between Kerr, Klay and even Durant being crucified for being a 'cupcake' makes it hard.

Fuck Draymond though.
Tonight's game and the Celtics-Warriors rivalry to come is gonna be meme-level wholesome and I can't wait.
Stop making it difficult to hate you, Durant!
I hate the warriors and KD 
Nah just another fake account
Can't hate on the Warriors given the similarities in system with the Celtics. Imagine if KD went elsewhere though and what that meant for us this year, after all the work Ainge and the others have done. Fuck that guy.
I might be the only who don't hate Draymond. If he was on the C's he would be adored on this sub. 
The switchability would be insane
Yeah, basically they could switch 1-4... which is insane, it's like high school.
I don't hate him at all
He is a tin hat lunatic. I can't even watch his post game interviews for fear that some weird shit will escape his mouth.
I have to admit, it's not just the conspiracy theory stuff. It's the horrible way he word-salads his way through whatever random combination of adjectives and adverbs he chooses that day. And yes, I just made a verb out of word salad. 
Fuck KD!
KD loves Kyrie too, he said he's better than AI. That would have been an insane offensive duo holy shit
I could not understand WHAT THE FUCK you just said.
He's a bad player. 

So goddamn streaky. He's shot the bulls out of a lot of games. 
What do you mean? Rondo’s rookie year wasn’t 2007-2008. 
Doc sucks at managing talent
truth. joe was tentative as a rookie. part of why they traded him was that he wouldn't take over the way he was capable of doing. still, it was stupid as hell to give up on him for a couple of lower-tier vet rentals. 
It seems like the “weakest” part of his game is what some saw as his biggest strength coming out of Duke.
Cannot wait for his ISO game to grow,  the dudes got game hard
Also spelled Aron Baynes' name wrong. We cannot forgive this.
What a bullshit list. ESPN fuckin sucks.
bad bot
The season where Wilt averaged 48.5 minutes... did he *ever* come out of a game?
Ahh my bad, I didn’t read the article itself just looked at the player standings. Pretty random yeah, but well, you know, whatever gets them the clicks. 
sorry...
Is this an /s post or are you just basketball stupid? 
One at a time. Horford will begin to take less, then Gordon, etc. Someone is gonna have to walk eventually tho :( 
How can 2013 be considered a weak draft when it featured players like Shane Larkin and Maple Dick???
48 points in a playoff duel with Lebron and a Finals MVP against Kobe's Lakers says your wrong. You put a prime Pierce on any squad in the NBA and they're instantly at least in the playoff picture. I know what you're saying, but just because he wasn't as hyped as though guys doesn't mean he wasn't a generational talent. Seriously go look at the man's stats. especially '06 and tell me he wasn't a superstar. Plus the off court stuff cements him as a legend period.
So over this ‘buying stock’ analogy that is doing the rounds in bball pundits this year. 

Shit is tired and played out mother fuckers!
Realistically, which teams would be in the market for Smart and his game plus also have the salary room anyhow? I keep having these horrible dreams of him in a Nets uniform terrorising Jay & Jay for years to come...
That dude was pretty annoying to watch tho.  At least for me, just not my flavor I guess.
Coyote Peterson and other irrelevant youtubers get on, people know Jaylen Brown. He’s not an obscure player.
Damn, doing bug bite man dirty.
Boston sports radio is the fucking worst, especially when it comes to Celtics coverage. They don't know anything. Ignore them.
Its was probably Felger, whos a dick. And always says crap like that to get the listeners riled up. Im a fan of them though, not so much Felger anymore after his Halladay comments
Fuck maazz he dunno shitt
These two guise are the absolute worst. Their show is terrible, they are awful. Who in their right mind would employ these baffoons? 
I mean, I agree that we're gonna get waxed. I don't agree that we need an ego check.
People just like to get mad for the smallest things nowadays 
I’ve listened to the show plenty and it’s basically clickbait garbage through a radio show. I don’t get how you can try and water it down when crap comes out of that show like felgers halladay comments and the paternity leave stuff. I’ve also heard sports hub guys mention they don’t watch basketball plenty of times in the past.

If you want something to pass the time to listen to it can be entertaining but they shouldn’t be taken seriously. 
What about felgers comments on halladay and Al Horford? I wouldn’t call those small things. There’s a reason they got this rep
Also the guy who's in the booth behind them and chimes in every once in while seems to know his stuff too. 
Good god I think Jimmy Stewart is the worst. At least Felger admits he knows nothing about b-ball, but they defer to Stewart on everything Celtics related and he’s a cynical know it all that only watches the Celtics and knows nothing about the nba/basketball. They’re all pretty terrible when it comes to hoops imo. 
He went on the radio the day after the man died and essentially said Halladay got what he deserved for flying the plane, said he obviously didn't care about his family...just vile crap to say about a guy who just died in an accident.
Uh maybe the op who posted a thread on what people think of felger and mazz, which you then responded to and gave your take. I don’t know why it bothers you so much some people aren’t a fan. Their schtick is to get a reaction from people, are you shocked not everyone loves that? 
I hear ya, I like Mook with the bench, and our bench is so hot and cold. And when our bench is cold i dont mind the Mook isos

And when hes with the starters he just spots up for 3.
But it's not a good sign(??)
You just compared him to Kobe. You said since Kobe started out as a mediocre passer and became a good one, Jaylen can too. That’s AWFUL logic.
> Jaylen can too

 I never said that. You're just putting words in my mouth I never said what so ever.

 The topic was will **Weak Playmaking Prevent Offensive Stardom** and I used Kobes **first two years** as an example. Superman has black hair, so does my dad. My fucking dad isn't Superman. It's called giving an example. 



Wtf he is a rook?! I legit thought he’s a vet with how he’s playing.
I think that's OG from the Raptors, but I could be wrong
Hey don't insult Marcus like that, even his shot isn't _that_ broken
Yeah, Smart has been so bad at scoring, we should put him at the shooting guard spot. What?!
It’s a fake injury. Look up muscle inbalanxe. No one in nba history ever sat weeks for muscle imbalance 
You admit that you don't know Luka, but you still say something like that.For me its crazy.
If only I'd live in the U.S. :( But I'll be trying!
What? Dude let’s catch a game together. 
Yes, there is that part but there are also the turnovers and that is not good. 
The haters are impervious to stats and analysis. It’s all shallow thinking. 
He... doesn't turn the ball over that much. He had a 2.7 ratio going into last night. He had a bad night last night. Every PG will have bad games. I don't understand your point.
Poor Andrew Sharp, who seems to want to start a flame war Celtics fans.
Jesus Dad, when did you fucking get a Reddit account?
Celtics are worst in the league at losing. 

Time to pack it in, everyone. 
I’m worried because of how close the Nets came without DLo. Unlike other teams if GSW goes up by double digits it will be very hard to depend on them going on a cold stretch due to their offensive power. If we beat GSW the only way I’d accept a loss after that is if someone has a Game 4 Cavs performance from last seasons finals tbh 
I knew Abdel Nader would be a deciding factor in this game
Yeah and if he doesn't play at all I doubt it's that close of a game.
On SeatGeek they are from 160$ for tomorrow's game
Ridiculous ** I promise I'm educated 
it's a stupid force of habit called "evil grin", emoji that basically should be extinct because it's lame as fuck, except I grew up on it and cannot take it out of my unconscious typing

basically, ignore it.
Id rather give tatum the chance seeing how hes longer worst thing that could happen is a learning experience. Also see no reason why Tatum should move to the bench unit 
What's crazy is this is probably his worst shooting season thus far after he's already put up 3 absolute clunkers. Dude is shooting 2P FGs at 29%, including 40% on anything within 3 feet of the basket -- aka at the rim. For reference, the NBA average for at-the-rim FG% is typically in the 65% range. Just a truly atrocious shooting performance thus far.
The only way to get out of a shooting slump is to KEEP shooting. I just want him to limit the dumb shots. His shot selection can be very questionable. 
I don't understand how the apologists can't grasp this. No one is saying he's worthless. No one is saying he shouldn't play. No one is saying he doesn't help the team overall.

But if Kyrie decided he loved alley oops and started doing 10 of them a game, yet 7 of them always went out of bounds people would rightly be saying "hey, Kyrie should stop fucking chucking up alley oops because he sucks at them.". It doesn't mean he's worthless. It means he is doing too much of something he's awful at and so he should tone down that one thing
When he took that post-up fade-away at the end of the Toronto game I almost threw my remote through the TV.  That shit needs to stop.
Stop posting, every single post you make is uninformed, inaccurate, and bad.
No, you just get to argue a wrong thing as a fact and piss a lot of people off
There's a difference between an awful shooter and awful scorer. Rondo was just a bad shooter. Smart is bad to horrific in both categories.
A lot of Smart haters here. They don’t like to admit it. I have seen the hate rise, even in this 13 game streak. Sad. 
16 was in one game... can't remember which one. Don't wanna remember which one. Why did I even mention it...
Well his ass kissing teammates have been spamming Arthur memes.  I find their lack of individual personality sad 
LeBron needs IT, bad. LeBron does not like to take the big boy shots in the 4th quarter.

My prediction is even more boring: nothing.
> LeBron needs IT, bad. LeBron does not like to take the big boy shots in the 4th quarter.

Stats disagree with you.

Need to stop listening to Skip.
I hate ESPN but here is a stat: http://espn.com/blog/marc-stein/post/_/id/4396/clutch-shots-are-tough-just-ask-lebron-james
http://es.pn/2bk7MBy

If we lose a game soon (not saying we will), will you start watching then?
Please don't watch the game against the Warriors. 
I'm afraid that we might need you lurking in the shadows.  The Celtics aren't going to lose when you might show up at any time.  Every time they dive to the floor, it's to keep you away.
I hope you never watch a game ever again. You know what, take yo tv/laptop/tablet/whatever you used to use to watch Celtics games and you burn it....you burn it all. And anytime you about to watch a stream on your phone, you burn that too. 
I need you to watch EVERY SINGLE Warriors game for the reason of the season and playoffs 
Holy hell, almost half of their logos (13/30 by my count) are outdated
I hate how right you are
I mean I haven't caught a game since the first one. I don't have cable. I also live in Arizona nowadays. I wouldn't say I'm not a true fan :/ 

Besides, if you deport me from the Celtics fandom, I have to become a Suns fan. You can't put that evil on me.
We can't risk it I'm afraid
Im also in Ireland and I have watched every game this year so I don’t know what to make of it :(
BUT ARE YOU PLANNING ON WATCHING THE WARRIORS GAME GAVIN!?!?!?
Solution: Tape the game, isolate yourself from any news about it. Watch it 3 hours after tip off. Boom! Still get to watch the C's, don't ruin the streak 
You mean "get on the piss"?
Or we take it a step further and blind the man SO THE CELTICS NEVER LOSE AGAIN
I'll take one for the team and skip it. I'm going to miss that game so hard
I mean get drunk boy
"Definition of pissed. 1 chiefly British, sometimes vulgar :drunk"
EEI needs be tossed into the core of the sun. Just a bunch of moronic troll baiting (at worst race baiting as well) ass hats.
I generally agree with you, but the afternoon Holley/Arnold/Keeffe show is probably the best/least trolly of any of the sports talk shows in Boston. Their counterparts on 98.5 are possibly the worst.
You might need to get your eyes checked mate... cause I'm not sure you have any.
Those bad shooting slumps like in the 2ndQ won't cut it against the Warriors.
God damn it Harris.

Also, Tatum looking weird af in that green hoodie lmaoooo
dang I just realized zeller was on the nets. feel sorry for the dude, but oh well he's still a millionaire 
ICYMI: [Brad Stevens post-game interview](https://streamable.com/vciby)
It happened to him a number of times in the Atlanta game too
I think people are stoked about the defense but rightfully concerned about our ability to keep up with elite offenses ie tomorrow's game 
Do you have the base?
Yeah, it even opened at 7.5; was shocked.  Maybe i was biased;) 
The small ball lineup of brooklyn would “kill” baynes I put that in quotation marks because realistically it wouldn’t but Brad likes to change his lineups to match and set the pace of the games. That’s why Morris will start for small ball teams
That's bad patenting, those kids must be pruney as fuck
You coming to our sub to hate now? Was doing it on r/nba not enough. Get a hobby my man
That's a hard pass. 
He was dirty as hell in school. No thanks. 
I can't look past all the tripping stuff he did
Um, What do you mean?
He seems like a dick. Like his on-court stuff was not ok.
What do you mean, is he playing dirty? I don't really watch all of dukes stuff, just random 2 minutes here and there. 
Pretty stupid meme tbh because the reason they were there was for their kids to play together. 
that is fcking weird if that's what he meant.   Either way, I have no idea what he meant.
Moral of that story is actually: "Don't be a racist asshole unless you want to get punched in the face," not "Teenage player with horrible temper attacks fan." 
The guy called him the n-word, not a piece of crap. 

Are you serious? A healthy Danny Granger lame? What the fuck were you expecting out of this guy? Granger was a fucking beast before his body gave up on him. 
Jokic is not able to defend or switch on any player, he is the laziest player I've ever seen on the defensive end
Wtf where was this commented 
If it goes to a game 7, Kelly O will dad dick this year’s team. 
that or an infinite loop of each one jacking up awful threes at each end at the beginning of each shot clock
Feel bad for the two that didn't get anything.
thats my fucking daddy
I never knew he gave his kicks away after every game but it seems he does.  Usually to a kid but since it was Veterans day it looks like he chose some vets this time.
Couldn't bring himself to buy that ugly crap ;)

edit: weird auto correct
Fingers crossed Reggie "the worst sports announcer in the history of broadcasting" Miller isn't calling the game. 
I'm going to the game and I am sure it is going to be insane.  So pumped!!
It's fucking insane! Small sample size obviously but he's nearly in the 50/50/90 club and he's hitting big shots in crunch time like it's nothing. 
I just wished Simmons played at least one game last season. Jayson would've been a lock for ROTY. 
Insane in the membrane, fo' sho.
"I don't believe they really had him #1"

-Idiots
yeah, I think that's a trickle down effect of losing gordon in game 1.
I cannot deny that, but it is annoying he is counted as a rookie after spending a year as a fully paid professional, training with other NBA players for a year. 
>  training with other NBA players for a year.

I mean, he was injured till March this year
Tbf, they weren't wrong about them in college. Only perceived possible flaw in Fultz's offensive game at the time was his FT shooting. Tatum had questions about his 3 ball, decision making, facilitating and turnovers. 
I bet he's at the game on Thursday.
But in the meantime, that's a crazy twitter feed.
Is this Warriors game on Thursday the biggest regular season game in maybe 10 years? 
I'm so salty, I bet money on the spread when it was -7.5 and this fucker hit a 3 WHAT THE FUCK
That's tough man betting the spread in the NBA is hard as fuck. 
#I've forgotten what it feels like to lose and I think its getting unhealthy
Just gotta say... FUCK that guy for making that shot at the end and putting them over 100 points.
damn we didn't keep them under 100 :\
I was at the game!  Unreal!!!
Fuck, we gave up over 100
Inb4Banner18Boogie. LETS FUCKING BOOGIE
The Nets were annoying. Jayson wasn’t going to take a shot at the end. It appeared that he was just going to dribble towards the basket run under the rim and run it out but I think the Nets on the floor knew the Celtics had a record for holding opponents below 100 so they fouled him so they could get a shot. Classless assholes. 

Fuck those guys. Don’t they know it’s the Cavs that own their pick now?
Anyone else take Nets under 100.5 points this game? Talk about a bad beat. Thanks quincy acy and Joe Harris 

Was at the game. Almost felt like a home crowd. Are the Nets just that unpopular?
Something tells me Hayward will be at the game on Thursday. What a moment that will be. 
I get so infuriatingly angry watching Marcus Smart playing Iso hero ball constantly.  

I mean, even though he shoots 25% from deep, I can at least understand when he shoots an open three.  But what the fucking fuck, Marcus.  You aren't fucking Kyrie.  You aren't IT.  It's just insane.  How deluded is he about his skill level?
You'll be in for a rude awakening on Thursday if you're that worried about holding opponents to under 100.  
It's 4 a.m. and I could use some gold to get through my workday later today. Jk this game got me hyped as fuck.
I think he'll get used to the mask over time. He even mentioned it post game with Abby. 

Oh sick thanks I never noticed that
Nah, Jayson's a fucking killer. Rough, tough, bad motherfucker. He motherfucks other teams.
That's zero losses in the past thirteen games, consecutively.
Game.  Blouses.
Remember when all the Celtics critics said he was almost as bad as Isaiah defensively and he never passes the ball?
I am rock hard after that.
On their home court. Is it weird that I almost feel bad at this point?
God I hate the word "scrum". I have no idea why, and it's completely irrational. 
Yabu is gonna be our small ball 5 if he fucking plays and if we don't ruin him by not playing ffs 
He shot the three well in college and his form is fine so I think at worst he can be a 3 and D role player 
Name 1 opponent team with closing line up in which Semi can play small ball 5 against 
They could even use it this Thursday against the warriors if dubs go small and horford is in foul trouble or something 
Masked Kyrie is scary Kyrie
I can watch kyrie prepare for a game all day
Wtf who let a goat on the court?
FILTHY
Jaylen “I know today is Tuesday but ballin is just a small hobby of mine” Brown. 
He and McCarthy were at the game
Bad Bad Jaylen Brown
13 pts a game... hardly expectation shattering
Before the game go grab a bite at halftime it'll save you a fortune. Across street from the garden
This game is, and always has been, about buckets. 
Buckets
BUCKETS
#BUCKETS
We have a severe fucking issue with finishing layups at the rim
FUCK IT MASK ON
My rook about to be on Shaqtin :(
Jaylen learned how to dribble overnight I swear wtf is this
**19**-2 run by the Celtics... COINCIDENCE? I THINK NOT. THE FAKE AGE OF AN IMMORTAL.
The moment we go through a rough stretch in the game this subreddit turns from constantly praising our players to hating everyone is ridiculous 
Jaylen was mad that possesion, wanted that bucket no matter what
Hmm. Not sure about that shot Kyrie.
Marcus is a terrible player on offense. It's not even funny 4 years into the league. 
#LETS FUCKING GO
That last 3 really fucking annoys me
Four Marcus shots and four misses? There goes the lead. Unbelievable.
Imagine if we had Gordon fucking Hayward 
JAYLEN. TO TATUM. BALL GAME.
Theis in. Nets fucked. 
I think my feed is way behind you guys but holy shit that was some basketball gore, a stretch of it.
Kyrie seems so close to being like "fuck it" and angrily tossing the mask into the stands to play without it
SCOOPED BY IRVING.. FEED TO TATUM HOLY FUCK GOOSEBUMPS HOLY SHIT
Brooklyn and the fucking Hawks are the only two teams we didn't keep to less than 100

Anyone else going tonight? Unbelievably hype to see this team in person. Mask Kyrie is gonna carve this defense up like a gatdayum serial killer
Tatum is ridiculous holy shit 
wtf Tatum
Poor rim :'(
FUCK IT MASK OFF
Man I consider myself an angry negative fan but some or yall are fucking pathetic during bad stretches of play
Tatums first step and reach for the layin is insane
Hate when Smart thinks he Irving/Curry 
The color contrast of a Boston at Brooklyn game is 👌👌👌
This fan base is frustrating sometimes. We are having a bad day with a 12 game streak going. We act like we should never have a bad game here and there. We are playing sloppy and still right in this game. Good god you guys can’t be happy. 
Semijesus breakout game 
FUCK YES!
#MASK OFF, FUCK IT MASK OFF
Jaylen shot smoother than Danny’s phone game
These lineups are iffy as fuck. And we can't stop Harris and LeVert.
Pretty lame crowd considering a 14-0 run, there's no atmosphere. The Garden would be going crazy during a 14-0 run
Kyrie is just absolutely disgustingly unstoppable
How in the fuck was that not a foul call on Marcus? That's such fucking shit, Marcus got fucking hacked
Fucking get the boards, damn second-chance pts.
someone steps up every game. it's unreal. 
Mook game.
GAME BLOUSSSESSSSS
A Jaylen to Jayson lob against the Nets is just cruel...
The basketball IQ of this Celtics lineup is just insane. 
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT
god I'm so annoyed that went in
Harris fuck you
Wtf are you doing Smart...Jesus Christ. How do you not realize you aren't an offense player??
Sooo much Smart hate it's insane, how are people still doubting this guy...?
Streams seem to be way behind, but I'm liking this start. 
The warriors game at TD is gonna be lit🔥🔥
Holy shit, an in-game windmill dunk? You hardly ever see those.
Theis just air balled a fucking lay up...
Smart has been playing badly tonight. 
I hate that call
Wtf is this run
FUCK IT MASK OFF
Christ what is this game
wtf was Jaylen doing watching the game go by
This is feeling like a Larkin game tonight.
I just knew this game was going to be a pain in the ass
Jaylen just did the nastiest shit wtf
smart needs to stop shooting 

every shot by him is a wasted possession. so pathetic 
One marcus having a bad game? Just use the other one
Mask on 

Fuck it, mask off

Mask on

Fuck it, mask off
Holyy fuck this teammm
NEGATED BY TATUM FUCK YES
Why even bother fouling there? Game is over. Stupes
oh fuck u harris
Marcus smart is fucking garbage. Trying to score on every single play and not passing to anyone. Sit him the fuck down. 
Dangerous trap game but Kyrie should be dropping buckets on D'angelo all game
One game at a time
Damn it’s too bad that the Nets look this pathetic. Fuck Cleveland 
"trap game"
its actually so stupid that they banned the black masks, they created so much hype
I just realized my feed was like ~1 minute behind you guys.. Jesus. Think I found one way faster.
Wtf someone help Tatum defend in the paint, don't just stand around...
All this music is annoying ngl. 
Holy fuck that Jaylen dunk...
Goddam Jaylen we took all their hopes and dreams you don’t need to destroy their rims too!!!
Game time Dunker ? Contest Dunker??
Baynes is a lazy passer sometimes
That damn whatever it is playing music is giving me a damn headache I would hate to play there. 
What the fuck is the problem with a black mask that won’t fog up? 
I'm gonna need some serious halftime Brad
That dot on Kyries forehead reminds me of those headbands from Naruto for some stupid reason
Nets are playing us so hard and we're coasting
Remember last year when Kelly desperately needed Brad to tell him "Quit fucking around"?

This team desperately needs the same thing.
This is so ugly wtf are they doing out there
Jaylen and Tatum efficient, the rest is being just sloppy... Come on guys
We are playing sloppy and lazy but still have it tied 
Did Jaylen Brown learn how to dribble overnight wtf 
Barclays organ music is exhausting to listen to, they can't play that shit every possession
fuck I was doing homework and missed Jaylen dancing on them 
I want another Scary Terry buzzer beater.
I wanted Theis to make that so badly!
What the fuck Marcus.
wtf marcus stop fucking shooting
Is it just me, or is Brooklyns in game entertainment lame as fuck?
SHANE 

FUCKING

LARKIN
Stop saying bad things about Marcus!
He's such a fucking beast!
I've had to piss for the past ten minutes but this game.
JAYSON FUCKING TATUM
FUCK HARRIS!
where is the post game thread?
Ref ate Shit fuck!!
Well at least we have 1 Marcus who can hit a shot. 
I.... I was told there was a Thin Marcus
Marcus will redeem himself, he always does, but this stretch has been PAINFUL.
Marcus needs his ass on the fucking bench NOW
The game is about buckets lets get it 
Mask is def fucking Kyrie up
BRING ON THE FUCKING WARRIORS!!!!
Whoever couldn't watch on league pass because it said "add a game to watch". Use incognito tab, worked for me
You can visibly see Tatum’s confidence and aggressiveness grow with each game. 
Tatum is absurd bro
What a fucking pass masked Kyrie!
The refs hate Theis what the hell.
Well, it appears that I was very wrong on Tatum having a bad first step when I evaluated him while he was at Duke
Feels like we’re dominating this game — yet only a 5pt lead? The fuck.
Nick Wright is absolutely ridiculous, why do I follow these scrubs on Twitter smh
Baynes :(
This should not be a one point game rn
this game could indeed be a trap game. Stay woke Csss
What a terrible quarter from Baynes
Fuck that mask
Yes Kyrie channel your anger let the hate flow through you...
What a terrible foul...
Fucking shitty call
Fucking hell Marcus 
That possession was sick, Horford just sat there and all the off the ball movement created a lane for him after like 10 seconds.
Kyrie going for that fuck you Lebron 3.
We look so lazy, they need to get over the fact that its the nets and stop thinking that we can comeback against them whenever we can. 
And we come out of the timeout with a lazy pass. 
Horrible pass
This team is frustrating me beyond belief, idiotic turnovers 
TURNOVER CENTRAL :(
Ugly ugly ugly
These fucking turnovers 
What a sloppy few minutes jeez
Not sure if we are in the game because of our resilience or because of how bad the Nets are, probably both. 
Rebounds are just brutal.
Kyrie "The Green Hornet" Irving!!
Nets must have the worst crowd in the NBA by far 
Why can't he just wear a black mask that doesn't fucking fog up? 
JAYLEN HAVING A GAME TONIGHT
Booker has a weird head.
Stupid fucking blocking foul ruining the HIGHEST of highlights!
That was such a ridiculous possession!
seriously somebody guard that harris idiot
what the fucking fuck guys
fucking discount kyle korver is killing us
So fucking pathetic
It's probably cheaper to get to Brooklyn for a game from Boston than to go to the Garden.
We forced a shot clock violation. KEEP DRIVING TO THE BASKET BOYS!
Holy fuck Morris
Fucking hell Larkin. U animal
When you get mooked so hard your fans start to walk out
let the Jays finish this game off not kyrie
omg that was disgusting
OMG THAT WAS FILTHY END TO END
Guys imagine how disgusting Kyrie-Hayward-Tatum-Brown-Horford as a line up will be in 2 years
Bring on the Warriors. Fuck it.
THAT TATUM BLOCK TO SEAL THE GAME!
:( 
That block holy fuck
Get Marcus Fucking Smart off the fucking court.

I want someone to break his knuckles so he can't shoot.  He should be forced to play with oven mitts.
Smart is just by far the worst scorer I have ever seen.
Terrible Start to the Game. We must be a Team of the Future, not a NOW Team 
Charity game. You can have this Brooklyn for all your sacrifices.
marcus is a terrible shooter holy fuck
Horrible basketball
Smart has been horrific tonight 
I wish Marcus wouldn't do so much dumb shit on an every game basis
Stupid pass by Jaylen earlier and now he watches as they grab the rebound. Boy come one 
Smart should only be playing 20 minutes a night. Absolutely terrible performance tonight.
Smarts offense is atrocious
Kyrie in not hitting it today =((
I️ really hate Marcus
Smart needs to fuck off. I hate him so much. Fuck that NBA math article. Like he's in in crunch time BECAUSE HE BLOWS OUR. We had all the momentum and he takes 4 horrific shots and doesn't get back. 
Where tf can I stream the game? None of the streams on nbastreams works
Does the solid consensus that this is the ultimate trap game mean that it is not, in fact, a trap game?
Trapiest of all trap games.  At least if we lose, there will be some annoyed Cavs fans.
I hate this lighting
Al so patient in the post it's crazy
Mask off fuck it mask off
Does anybody have the updated banner18 boogie ? Sorry if I'm not allowed to ask for it before a W.
hard to hear the whistles for some reason
this game prolly shouldn't be this close tbh
And people said Brooklyn was gonna be the worst team in the league this year
Last five minutes has been really ugly. 
This is just a game of runs created by sloppy offence
put fucking jaylen iin
This is a horrible 2nd quarter.
I mean we were gonna miss eventually, but we've got to defend.
Damn Kyrie was about to fucking stomp that mask
Just a stupid play by Marcus 
Fuck it mask off 
The organ music during game play is fucking stupid
I wonder how bad kyries mask smells by the end of the game 
Such a fucking fluke. That's a horrific call. 
that was not a foul by Dinwiddie in a sense that he did nothing wrong, Kyrie just used him
Do you think Zeller is secretly rooting for us? 
Thoughts on bringing Larkin in with Smart and Rozier? I don’t want to lose all of the defense, but bench O has been dreadful 
We look very lazy
I’m not enjoying what is happening rn 

Nvm Jaylen is my dad
Nets basically consist of 5 poorman Dellavedovas. Scrappy and awkward as fuck.
Horford has been surprisingly sloppy tonight 
Just sloppy after that 1st quarter
Why is Booker balling out wtf
wtf am i watching 
Weak effort
Playing hard now.
# Dirty Al
Al Horford is a fucking beast
Bookers noggin looks so weird
booker head looks so weird
Theis is mean
Anyone have a link to that defensive infographic at the beginning of the game??
WHO THE FUCK IS HARRIS??????????????????
Morris' shots may look ugly now and then, but he drills 'em ;). 
what the fuck is wrong with Smart tonight
How the hell Beooklyn isn't completely tired out is beyond me
This sounds like a damn home game
That's our fucking dog!!
Morris trying to clutch the game out of his little brother's hands.

The man is having none of those misdeeds anymore.
Larkin is mad he didn't get a tribute video
At least one of our Marcus can shoot. 
FUCK ALAN CRAPPE
Ugh come on stop letting them back into this wtf
fuck, if kyrie made that...
HOLY FUCK LET'S GOOOO
I feel terrible for the Nets, seeing these top picks...
Filthy 
Guys I really hate Marcus Smart
Start off the half letting them score and taking a bad shot. 
FUCK Tatum is limping... BRAD CALL A TO.
Celtics home game
Worst game of the season so far
Get Jaylen out of the game. Terrible turnover, terrible defense, he's getting Tatum and the rest of the team out of rhythm.
90% of the time Smart is terrible, yet he is praised and defended to no end for the 10% that he is decent. 
This has been extremely ugly basketball for the past 30 or so seconds.
Rozier can really be trash sometimes, makes me wonder how bad he can be and then he hits a 3 to shut me up
Ugly...  Need to get Al or Kyrie back out there
And Brad puts Larkin in, hes trying its hardest to lose the game
Fuck you Brooklyn
Why is Kyrie not finishing those fucking layups my god
I'd like to see the Snarky Larkin + Scary Terry combo.

Fuck this Slim Marcus bullshit
I wish I could show up to my profession and be this bad and still get paid. 
And another bad ppass
Bad shot
Brad getting outcoached hard
Text her man. Do it for the Celtics

Edit: I'm dumb and can't read. DON'T text her
I want him to so bad
What a lame baseball stat for Lonzo
Too bad their company is performing like hot trash.
I hate everything about it. 
The Smart and T-Ro show is so painful to watch like 80% of the time
Fucking Rozier man
Kyrie in a Bane mask...wait that's stupid nvm. Fuck it I'm leaving it.
Yep. Happens every game.
I don't understand it either -- and it's not just casual or bandwagon guys. There are guys on here who've been on this sub longer than I have and they're among the first to turn all the time. It's crazy. Basketball is a game of runs. Crap happens. 
Terrible shot choice 
Stand still shot: Tatum or Rozier. Seriously. 

Anything else: Tatum or Morris
3 turnovers and a really bad foul tho
It ain't the putback, it's the dumb fouls and turnovers too. 
I'm hard
Illegal in 41 States
Well, at least tomorrow is a holiday and i'll wake up after 1 pm
what even was that?  I'm so confused.
I'm sad they removed that from last year's version.
It's almost like he has no idea what the fuck he's talking about, ever, at all times
Also Nets can fucking shoot apparently
You spelled obnoxious wrong 
Clearly drunk.
Seriously got dam
Seriously “gtfo this team” “smart is awful  90% of the time and you all defend him for the 10% of the time he’s decent”
He looked like a crazy 88 from Kill Bill
The fucking Nets dude. It's like when the Pats play the Browns and we play down to their level.
On any other night I'd agree but the moment he got in this game he stopped the Nets. His patrolling on defense allowed our guys to relax and dominate. He deserved to throw some bricks
league pass does that :(
He looks exhausted tonight
It ripples too, it's unsettling
I bet he could make that shot a part of his game
What did he mean by this???
brads just playing around with the lineups, if it comes down to it hell put out the starters and well run away with it

if theres a game id want to see brad play with lineups, its against the nets
seriously, it feels like he can score at will. but marcus doesn't look for him at all. 
You did it wrong 

Jabari Bird Statsbot
I was listening to the game on the radio and I was like "huh, thought they were away tonight. Garden sounds kinda weak tonight" 
Ugh I hate being reminded of Jenny McCarthy's existence
He’s learned from scary Terry 
He’ll still jack up terrible shots.... 
HE MAKES UP FOR ALL HIS BAD SHOTS!!! REEEEEEE
Not sure why you're being downvoted, I like their announcers 
Fuck off
Actual normal rotations. Brad doesn't deviate much, unless the game's going real bad.
I didn't think it would be a cakewalk, I feel like this is gonna be like that Atlanta game 
Zaza. I've hated this dude for years.
That was a dull few moments, Kyrie just took lid off tho, I think he’s about to go off. 
I don’t hate him, but I don’t particularly enjoy him either. I feel like he just makes a lot of stupid mistakes
Holy shit you're a negative person.
Ehh kinda. Their staff is utterly horrible, like probably the worst in the entire league
>90% of the time Smart is terrible

he's not though....he leads the team in +/-, people just overreact when he had bad spells, which every player has.
That’s dumb.
Nah how about fuck you?
bruh u stupid
Don't you just hate those 19-6 runs to close quarters? 
Wtf
Seriously, streaks are overrated
Your takes have been exceptionally bad.
Are you serious?
eat my ass, stop shit talking Jaylen it’s really annoying 
I want him so bad
The media is desperate to hype this guy
Knicks games have been lit the past few weeks so idk
and GS. Draymond is as bad as LeBron
I usually question Smart's shot selection, but man does he do A LOT for us on both ends of the floor. Totally unfounded hate based on his FG% alone :(.
I totally agree. Just didn’t wanna get killed here! The length added on this team is crazy. Tatum, Morris, Brown, Horford wingspans cover a lot of floor. 
When I say layup, I mean uncontested. Or fast-break. I definitely don't mean him driving and trying to create one over a defender.
They are just way behind, ~30 seconds - 1 minute
Exactly. Fucking why?
Says add a game to watch for me. Never seen it before 
Damn, his FT percentage took a dip :(
Yeah. They realized it's anyone's game now
Yes Zaza too. Fuck him
The "3-1" Halloween party last year was pretty pathetic. 
Yeah definitely not complaining, just.. ugh :(
I never really paid attention to him in since he always bounced around from bad team to bad team.
Refs can still give out technicals for delay of game. But Tatum just tripped after scoring the basket and the Nets scored off of it. Few days ago some dude got injured and they played over him, he had to be carried to the lockerroom and the play went on. Like, why? 
Fuck, misread his comment. Please don't text her
I want him bad
fuck off
Idk, probably a stupid reason.
Insane man. Our ticket prices will drop once (obligatory.... /if) the streak ends, but that is still absurd.
Fuckin aye mate! How about the gay cunts today mate! Bloody ripper!
You don't deserve an answer. You act like you aren't even a fan of this team. Your comment history is depressing.
Sorry about having to watch the Phantom of the Opera when you signed up to see a professional basketball game 🙃
and whatever imbecile typed in 100% instead of 10% while coding that website
If you don't watch a single game this season, and the Celtics go 96-2, I will buy you two tickets to a Celtics game.
Sorry guy. Catch the highlights.
Watch the Atlanta game, on Saturday.  That's the next game.
The Danes fucked you guys today
After that absolutely horrific soccer performance, thank fuck we have the C's!
It's especially disappointing because we had this World Cup in the bag. I wasn't going to watch any game and we were going to be the Champions.
Follow whatever fucking pattern you have this season 
I'm so tired all the time now! What college are you in?
Man I have to drive out to UCD every Monday and Wednesday to pick my girlfriend up and traffic there is the goddamn worst. Not exactly relevant but I had to rant. Stupid fucking Goatstown
I hate the Warriors, but I really like Steve Kerr.
feel bad for Kerr. he looks like his back really makes him uncomfortable :(
Game recognizes game 
Will this game be nationally televised? 
Who the fuck does he think the team of the now is
I like the Warriors. It’s hard to hate a team that’s so fun to watch unless you hate a bunch of their players.
Fuck KD sell out 
Did you just say people bash our president "without any valid reason 100% of the time?" 


You're saying theres never been a reason to bash Trump? wtf?
I find it wild a Boston fan of all people could hate Draymond Green
Depressing comment. "Zero evidence". You're right, trump is a saint who's never done anything wrong. Smh
Dude, literally just check trumps twitter and you can find dozens of “horrible” remarks. Stop with that nonsense, you personally may not have a problem with it, but dont say that nonsense that there is zero evidence. 
She was mirin hard on jaylen.
fuckin hell that's tough.... they were talking about trevin at the beginning....
Never top comment cuz he says dumb shit like this
Insecure children smh
get the cheapest ones, wait til the end of the quarter and take the seats no ones been sitting in all game

i usually buy them online on my way to the game
***Insert bad pun about "facing" adversity***
The day I got my wisdom teeth pulled out my brother (who was a toddler at the time) jumped on my swollen face. That was the worst pain I had ever felt
If you ever want an eye-opening experience regarding this sub, search “Kyrie IT” and look back to the threads before we traded for Kyrie. Lots and lots of hilariously terrible opinions. 
Also, I don't have the stats but it seems as if his 3pt shot hasn't been falling like it usually does, so I'd expect his ppg to go up a bit just from that once he irons it out 
He's 3 years younger my bad
Don’t worry he hasn’t watched a game yet. 
FUCK IT MASK ON 
Let's fucking go
Kyrie was like... Fuck it mask off 
[FUCK IT MASK ON](https://imgur.com/a/MVLyF)
Everyone on /r/NBA was freaking out thinking he'd miss serious time. I got downvoted to hell for saying he'll probably only miss 1 game
I'm not sure if the game of basketball can survive tonight. 
Too bad it's not the black mask we all want. 
Sick. 
Just watching the game for Masked Kyrie 
Sick. Anyone here going to the game in Brooklyn tonight? 
anyone else feeling a trap game coming....
I see MF Doom, I upvote.  

V Vaughn the traveling Vaudeville Villain
Who don’t give a flying fuck
Who ain’t not feelin em. 
they were so expensive..... its a freaking nets game and I paid 60 bucks a pop for nosebleeds.
As much as I hate him, Lebron looked like a freaking bad ass in the black mask with the black throwback Heat unis.
I vacillate between that opinion (what my eyes and brain tell me), and blind trust in Brad (what my gut tells me).
We *could* do these things.  But the owners will face insane long term luxury tax penalties if we did.  We would be forecasted to have the highest payroll in the NBA in a couple years because we have to re-sign Kyrie and Jaylen, as well as our 1st round draft picks.  While already having 2 $100+ million players on the roster in Hayward and Horford.
His numbers will likely fluctuate. I doubt he's going to maintain a 2.5 DBPM all season. He's also very unlikely to post his lowest OBPM, as his shooting % is also very unlikely to be the lowest of his career. I imagine he his about 0 on OBPM by the end of the season and 2.0 for DBPM. Not amazing numbers, but pretty damned solid.
I'm sorry I missed where dws was prorated /s
My takeaway: John Wall sucks?
subscribe to John Wall Sucks Facts!
So you are going to the Raptors game? /s

I mean considering Fultz went number one. And was the consensus number one. Then I'm going to have to disagree with you. 
I am not sure why this is being downvoted.  It's not an insult to Simmons to say he isn't close to the prospect LeBron was.
Everyone said Fultz was the consensus \#1 pick and you’d be an idiot to pass on him. 
Fuck no 
I don't see it happening.  Signing him will put us into luxury tax repeater territory, which is insane for a player like ~~Marcus~~ Brickus.
I don't want to overpay a guy just to use his salary in a trade, if there's no trade you're left holding a bad contract for four years.
God damn you Loch Ness Monster I ain’t giving you no tree fiddy!

I mean, WTF is goin on here

Ohhhhhhh. That’s an idea I can get behind. 
No because they are already over the cap. 

*edit* wait, I’m confused. Maybe they do have room? This wording is weird. 
LePlayoff is insane that’s why. 
how is this calculated. I fear the numbers mean nothing to me with my ignorance
Seriously. I think we will (hopefully with a slight discount) because it'll be hard to leave this team. 
I love that AB got a chance to play on a competitive team. Hated the idea of us trading him to a bottom feeder... Until Detroit proved me wrong
I'm thinking its too expensive for me to attend.
Seriously why are we sleeping on the nets
Mere formality.
The title is a bit dramatic to say the least, but I agree with everything in the article 
Speaking of, Tatum's arm looks weird in that pic
Watched the game. Didn't hear it.
Yeah too bad the Cavs came back and won
Yeah I don’t know when it actually happened, didn’t catch the game. Maybe on a game break? 
Or just dont choke on a fat one and get your arms up to contest some threes when you should have a game sewn up.
Player|ORPM|DRPM|RPM
---|---|---|---|---
Horford|2.41|2.99|5.40
Kyrie|1.99|0.20|2.19
Smart|-0.54|1.01|0.47
Rozier|-0.30|0.28|-0.02
Tatum|0.81|0.67|1.48
Jaylen|0.39|0.50|0.89
Yabusele|-0.43|1.27|0.84
Baynes|-1.64|3.01|1.37
Morris|-0.81|0.48|-0.33
Theis|-0.88|0.37|-0.51
Semi|-1.00|-0.05|-1.05
Nader|-1.43|-0.06|-1.49
Hayward :(|-1.36|-0.29|-1.65
Bird|-1.34|-0.67|-2.01
Larkin|-1.73|-0.61|-2.34
>They're playing so sloppily. It's like a bunch of guys who know how to play basketball are playing basketball, but with no organization.

So basically it was like watching an all star game?
As much as I wanna agree, it happens that C's play like that as well. Charlotte game for example. The game vs Orlando? Disgusting. We had no clue what we were doing.
The Wizards randomly picking a fight with the Celtics last season didn't make us rivals.
I think the Philly rivalry expired unfortunately. 
as bad as the Cavs have been, we're not getting past them without Hayward
And weirdly it exists in Canada.
>According to Himmelsbach, Yabusele has cut 10 pounds since joining the Sharks and trimmed his body fat from 9 percent to 6 percent. 

http://www.masslive.com/celtics/index.ssf/2016/10/boston_celtics_draft_pick_guer.html

There's no need to be a condescending cunt.  Especially when you are wrong, cumstain.
Yeah I get it, he's lean. I just get sick of Reddit acting like anyone with muscle definition is 6% body fat.

Scouts just regurgitate shit they see on a stupidly inaccurate hand grip electrical measurement.
Do you commonly see people on reddit saying a buff guy is 6 precent body fat?? 
Seriously. Barstool are the fucking worst. 
LIL B THE BASE GOD [FUCK KD](https://youtu.be/HBQ2mjkvYY8)
and furthermore... Fuck boogie with a hoodie. 
he doesnt follow me :(
Lil B and Joey Bautista both follow me. Not sure why but they both follow a ton of people.
damn dude, never heard that herb drum solo. Was sick. Thanks for that. Where's it from?
Just behind Jerebko
@ColeyMick for memes. Also his podcast on Barstool “Mickstape” usually includes some Celtics talk
Thank you! I hope Locked on Celtics isn't like locked on Patriots.. IIRC its just a guy breaking down game film by himself, without getting into specifics for half an hour. 
Can someone do a drawing that mashes up Kyrie and 11 from stranger things? Like Kyrie with a bloody nose and his #11 jersey using his psyonic ball handles?
Save him for the Warriors game.
Once he puts on the mask he will be permanently upgraded to “WOKE”, which is of course a transcendent state of being where one is so dialed in that their world becomes.......dimensionless......or at least dimension reduced......
*The Andersons got tickets to the game?! How’d they get tickets?!*
But but fuck the 2018 nets pick!
I don't remember word for word how he phrased it, but he said something along the lines of kyrie is a bitch for not playing through his broken face and that Larry bird would have played through it. 

Edit: he said -- Kyrie should ask himself: "what would Larry Bird do?" And the correct answer was play through it. 
and we can still run small lineups too, with terry kyrie marcus and larkin - brads been running 3 guard lineups often
its that late game 1-3-1 zone, man. I'm tellin you.
I mean the Warriors have won 6 in a row by at least 17 points. 
Trap game!
Hey don't blame me I'm just pointing it out. Take a look at current title odds the cavs, warriors, and rockets are the three teams ahead of us. The rockets offense has been pretty unreal as of late so I can't say I'm that outraged about it.
If I could pick anybody in history to narrate my life it would be Tommy

Also can't fucking believe people would rather listen to "Oh me oh my" over Mike and Tommy. People are living in the fucking 40s still
What bothered me wasn’t the Tommy hate - that’s to be expected. It was the *Gorman* hate that got me riled up. He is about as impartial as you can get for a regional broadcast.

I will say, it seemed weird that he was so against the offensive foul call on Tatum - usually he looks at the replay and says, “ah, yup, there it is.”
Link to the hate thread?
He’s a legend as a player but I cannot stand his announcing.  I don’t feel like I’m a bad person for feeling that way.  I can’t watch the games with him calling them.  It’s just too much.  I prefer the mute button. 
Imagine being in the car with tommy when he gets pulled over for a stupid reason "Oh that's BOGUS!!!!" 
You say that like it's a bad thing?
What is sad is that many of the unapologetic fans here who defend his homerism will also rant again other teams' announcers who aren't even close to as bad.
If you're all of Rhode Island imagine the disappointment 
He is Hawk Harrelson level.  There are very few that egregious. 
Eww, that would look disgusting
What a pathetic thing to say to somebody
Yeah, I kinda miss doing Yabu's highlights :( 
Celtics are gunna get fucked by my warriors!!!!! Curry is kyrie's father. The Celtics should break a leg tonite oh wait Gordon already did 
https://www.facebook.com/nba/videos/10155791112873463/
any one see the kyrie give away?
sorry it's on facebook. 
Was it a tough workplace? Props for doing it. Greener pastures are out there!
Nobody on the Celtics does anything wrong 
No one is complaining, at least I hope 
They hate all things Boston. Fuck deadspin.
Their narrative is always—stridently—apparent, though, and occasionally funny. ESPN is just dodgy, underhanded, and boring. 
Something oughta be done about that Mikan fella. He's turning the game into some kinda joke!
yea coz their sorry Laker ass cant end it
The Celtics may never lose a game again. 
This team is so fucking fun to watch. You can tell they have all bought into the same goal and are working their asses off to achieve it. When they are sitting on the bench they're just hyping each other up because they're a real fucking team and minutes are a secondary issue.

This is going to be a fun fucking season!
Its crazy that if we beat the Warriors, we have a legit chance at 20+ game winstreak.
#THAT IS UNBELIEVABLE
So crazy to hear Mike Gorman on these old Celtics clips
To me it looked like he got hit in the side of the head, then acted like he was punched in the nose in an attempt to draw the call. So to me, that's foul, as much as I hate the acting job.
>I almost feel bad for them

I don't at all, they have been twats for years, trying to build themselves up by creating a rivalry that never existed, fuck em.
WTF is your problem bud?
Has Avery hit a game winner in unanimous MVP’s face? Jk. But seriously, if the game is close in the end Kyrie tends to hit a game winner. There has been like 2 close games between Warriors and Cavs in the last 2 years including playoffs and Kyrie hit the game winner in both. Dude just loves to anally penetrate them. 
I don't think. These are facts. Vegas had them over the raptors, Vegas is a reliable tool thats used by legitimate sport analysts to determine a teams first chances. So your wrong. The raptors were never favored. People were complaining abt how the Nets went 7 with the ezy raptors.
>Do we now have the height to at least both KD?

Alot of people don't realize that Jayson Tatum is KD's height. 
Jackson was actually just afraid to lose to Jaylen at chess. 
Fuck Jackson forever, seriously. I will always remember him not working out for us 
Indeed. My buddy is a die hard Sixer fan. I feel so bad for him. 
alas, he's now being beaten by Jeff Ruland
I was listening to the locked on hornets podcast previewing their game against the Celts and one of the hosts said that he was going to watch the Boston stream just for Tommy. There are plenty of people that appreciate Tommy.
It’s like you’re hungover and you’re like “wtf I only had 8 beers” and then you look at your trash can and you’re like “oh yeah... it was 8 of *those* beers”
You’re on some serious crack if you think the heart and soul of our team deserves 6-8 million. 
It’s like 7 bad shots tbh
You are citing the offseason with the cap jump and a bunch of dumb GMs binging like they are on crack
He shoots 30% bro, worst % in nba 
30% bro, literally the worst in nba
My bad actually 29%
Usg% is a broken stat. Try again. 
His turnover rate numbers are bullshit. Usg% doesn’t factor in assists, and turnover rate relies on usg%. It’s a broken stat. 
The number of inconsistencies in on/off stats should make them illegal to use in argument and the fact that they are 100% team based. If your trying to make the point that the worst shooter in nba this year has done more than Kyrie your mom should snap you
I do watch and are you f’ing joking!!!!!!? When Kyrie comes off the floor the offense looks straight outta high school. They shot 38% combined the past 2 games, yeah they won but that’s still awful. The Celtics D/ rebounding has made up for the league worst offense but barely. Don’t think for a second that the offense without kYrie is even okay tho, it’s awful to watch Smart and rozier dominate possessions and force shots
Wait... The counting crows said this? What the fuck? 
Not surprising to this guy.

We are running an offense through Terry Rozier and Marcus Smart. Both terrible shooters.

They are also guys who aren't afraid to jack up horrible shots.
I want Danny Green on this team SO bad. 
Possibly my fav Nate Dogg hook (RIP). Effortless smooth. Random aside: [Breathe by Fabolous still bangs.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPnbzTTHtdI) 
That's like saying  Bill wouldn't have his rings without Brady. Stupid hypotheticals
I thought it was in, honestly. I'm sorry bb, I won't ever doubt you again.
Paul George is a 46% career shooter yet is 0-40ish(?) on buzzer beaters. Can't extrapolate overall game stats to end of game shots. 
Hard to sleep on Terry if he doesn't sleep. Stay woke.
HOw is this possible?  Marcus is the hEarT and sOuL of this team!!!!!!!  Fake news everybody.
How is Scary Terry stalking people in their dreams if he don't sleep though?
Sometimes he looks like a glitchy video game pumppumppumppumppump
Seriously, its so weird to see us not get killed on rebounding
I still miss Olynyk tho :(
I was there tonight. While a very close game, you never got the sense it was out of the C’s hands for the taking. These guys are so locked in it’s stupid. Brad is a God
Almost gave it away in the last minute. But found a way with crazy D
can't wait to see him on the bench cuz rn it's still weird thinking he's on the team for me
No, I love you Gordon.
Fuck the Hawks
“Too bad Kyrie can’t play defense” - everyone that isn’t Brad Stevens
Fuck the lakers. 
I'm always so afraid to fuck these up...
We're setting new records every game!!^^
Isn’t this shit getting repetitive?

That was a rhetorical question, to which the answer is no. Please let’s do this after every game. 
Fuck the Celtics

Lets go Celtics!
# THIS GAME HAD IT ALL:  


# [JAYS ON THE BREAK](https://streamable.com/ffk5f)  


# [BALL MOVEMENT](https://streamable.com/9c4pp)  


# [HORFORD SLAMS](https://streamable.com/5k6il)  


# [SPIN CYCLES](https://streamable.com/7udpi)  


# [BAYNES BUCKETS](https://streamable.com/34o5x)  


# [TITO FOUR POINTS](https://streamable.com/5yinr)  


# [DOWNTOWN JAYLEN BROWN](https://streamable.com/ch7vh)  


# [DANNY T REJECTIONS](https://streamable.com/nlesu)  


# [CLUTCH FINGER ROLLS](https://streamable.com/cu0lx)  


# [AND FIFTEEN DOGS](https://i.imgur.com/XVa3EmE.png)  


# THE CELTICS REMAIN UNDEFEATED SINCE THE PREMIERE OF THE BANNER '18 BOOGIE  


# [EVERYBODY DO THE BANNER '18 BOOGIE TO CELEBRATE](https://streamable.com/r08ys)
**BALL DONT LIE FUCK YOU VANFLEET**
AMA Request: The little kid behind the booth
*YOU ARE AN IDIOT!!!!!*
YOU ARE AN IDIOT
Daniel Theis deserves the Game Ball for Defense & Dunk Performance
FUCK THE RAPTORS

FUCK THE REFS

LET’S BOOGIE
Fuck it, just let Kyrie rest up for the playoffs
Refs want to be the team to end the streak so bad. BUT YOU BITCHES WERE DENIED AGAIN!
The NBA has to do something about the officiating. It's been pretty horrible across the board, not just in Celtics games. 
Our bench is crazy deep. THEIS is a beast
#FUCK FRED VAN FLEET
Now this is the Marcus game we need moving forward 
Abby almost jinxed us >:(
Eat shit Toronto fans that kept saying “streak ends Sunday!”
Fake 2nd seed alert 
JB in the post game interview "he just pump faked over and over and I'm thinking he gotta be shooting one of these motherfuckers"
Refs tried to fuck us but they forgot DeRozan is a choker
What a terrible call to end the game, glad we got the W despite that non-sense.
#FUCK YESSSSS!!! 12 IN A ROW BABY!!!!!!!!
Fuck you Van Fleet you are forever Tatum's bitch after he spun on you anyway
the raptors are a bum ass weak team. i told you guys this and i got told that nooo they are gonna beat us because derozan is sooooo goood. have some faith. Jaylen > Derozan
Where were you when VanVleet died at the end of the game?  RIP in peace Fred.
WEAK SAUCE RAPTORS CAN'T BEAT OUR INJURED TEAM!
#FaKe OnE sEeD
FUCKING GET IN
This team is ridiculous 
my palms are sweaty knees weak arms are heavy. Holy shit what a finish!!!
These tough game will make our young team stronger.
Fuck the Raptors 
At least one Boston sports team beats a Toronto sports team this weekend. Fuck Toronto.
Hollleeee crap. Missed the game but I'm ecstatic we won!!!

I WANT THE GOLD
"THAT WAS THE WORST CALL IN ALL OF BASKETBALL!"
"REF YOU ARE AN IDIOT"
YOU ARE UNBELIEVABLE 
Tito will always be Scary Terry
Do you have the little girl calling the ref an idiot I need to see it thanks.
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE REF yOu aRE aN IdIOt
Fuck Vanvleet! Don't even know his first name, but it doesn't matter because he's irrelevant
It seems like he gets the same block every game. Some scrub thinks he can drive by the basket and reverse it up.. Theis just gets that weak shit outta there every time.
[SCARY TERRY HAD TWO END OF QUARTER 3'S, BITCH!] (https://res.cloudinary.com/teepublic/image/private/s--lAsR-FmK--/t_Preview/b_rgb:c62b29,c_limit,f_jpg,h_630,q_90,w_630/v1446245155/production/designs/300139_1.jpg)
"WORST. SO SO BAD. AWFUL."
Marcus may have wrenched away the wrong ball by mistake...
Uluru, you casual human
I really hate when he clutches against teams in the playoffs.... wait, that doesn’t happen
I hope so. I had to watch the game on mute and now I don’t know what everyone else is talking about 
all the delusional shit they've been talking all year, and even last year with the fake 1st seed shit? Nah this is tame compared to what they've been saying.
Play of the game for me
if he finished that shot I would’ve died twice as hard
Whattttttt!?!?!?!

#YOU ARE AN IDIOT

YOU ARE AN IDIOT

#WHAT ARE YOU DOOOOOOOING?

THIS IS UNBELIEEEEEEEEVABLE.
Fuck all Jaylen haters, here here 
Raptors fan checking in. Brad Stevens is a fucking genius, you guys will have a dominant dynasty for a long time, unreal coaching.
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE FUCK THIS SHIT YOU FLOPPING CUNT
I just want to thank Marcus for not taking his usual end of quarter 1 on 1 iso 3
Abby makes my cold heart melt
God abby is even cuter in awkward live situations 
My #8 jersey went from Antoine Walker's to Al Jefferson's to Stephon Marbury's to Jeff Green's to Marquis Daniels' to Jerebko's to SHANE FUCKING LARKIN.

#Scary Fucking Terry
That is unbelievable ~adolescent boy
Jaylen must have some small ass hands
That kid's cries should go, FUCK THAT CALL!
Kudos to Jaylen Fucking Brown there. Wow.
SCARY TERRY
I swear the salt of raptors fans in their thread geeks me, apparently the refs are on our side and Baynes is a dirty player for setting a screen and going up for a board 
Adjust the fucking microphone
“WHAT! YOU ARE AN IDIOT” 

🤣
YOU ARE AN IDIOT
Only thing worse than that foul is this kids shrill screaming voice
That kid is annoying as fuck.
that is an annoying ass boo
Sorry for the delay, currently watching from the Netherlands eating these [foreign Doritos](https://i.imgur.com/ATxW6CP.jpg)
They Jays are pumped for this game

Jaylen is DeRozans worst nightmare 
Ibaka made a business decision not challenging that Horford slam holy fuck
Dude what the fuck is with that phantom foul
~~PUT IN KYRIE~~

FUCK.
#let's check in with Kyle

...

#Alright one point game...
The only person not scared of Scary Terry is Terry himself.
Can the sun fucking not set already
Fake 2nd seed Alert 
Theis is fucking insane
Rozier makes the toughest shots, seriously.
Man this chick ref kills me every game 
that kid deserves a fucking medal for his booing and ref taunting 

That kid is squeaking he's so mad
"You are an idiot!!! WEEEWWW!!"
worst officiating ever

FUCK THE RAPTORS WE DONT NEED THE FUCKIN REFS
FUCK YOU DEROZAN
THIS IS UNBELIEVEABLE U IDIOT!

kid is a mf legend
^^fuck ^^^the ^^^lakers
How was that a foul? Fuck
Pls no more fouls on Tatum. We need him to stay on the floor
What the fuck is the refs problem with Theis?
#THAT SPIN MOVE OH MY FUCK
WTF four Celtics in the paint and not one could stop the one Raptor :(
Jaylen looks so disappointed :(
This kid is fucking nasty
#SCARY TERRY BITCH
scary terry
TERRY IS FUCKING SCARY
Can't believe it's only 4:30 p.m. there.. it's freaking 10:30 here.. Prob gonna miss the rest of the games this week, including vs. the Warriors :(
Baynes slowly taking out every player in the East
Baynes is a fucking animal
Lets.

Fucking.

Go.
Brad wrote "Keeping fucking these clowns up" on the whiteboard there.
People hate on post malone but I like him
You had him Jaylen :(
If Terry plays the end of every quarter, he would be guaranteed at least 12 points per game on buzzer beaters alone.
JAYSON TATUM!!!!! I GOT FUCKING GOOSEBUMPS!!
Who the fuck is so terribly groaning?
I dont know if you can also hear the children screaming THAT IS UNBELIEVABLE  but like, me too kid
LET'S FUCKING GOOOO
The fuck is Ibaka grabbing his face for
LET'S FUCKING GO
oh shit it's the ref crew from the game in Philly :/
Oh fuck Jaylen is feelin it already 
Jaylen determined as fuck lets go!!
AL FUCKING HORFORD HOLY SHIT 
Terry is scary as fuck
goddamn Larkin aint afraid 
Tatum and the Little Guy? ... Tommy?!
TATUM IS NASTY
Where the fuck is Kyle.?? Why can we never hear him?? Does he even exist? Do I even exist?
this is a game of mini 4-0 or 6-0 runs
Fuck Jaylen needs to stop trying to dunk from 10 feet away
SCARY TERRY BITCH
#SCARY MOTHERFUCKING TERRY
SCARY TERRY CLAWING DINOSAURS DOWN
AAANNNND I WET MYSELF! THIS GAME IS OURS!
Man, Horford is a fucking machine.

He can't be human.
Toronto just looks for fouls allllllll game long 
VERY SCARY END TO THE THIRD
Sucks not having kyrie
Terry is worse at finishing than me with an audience. 
Jayson Tatum is the ROY I don't give a fuck what anybody says.
THAT IS UNBELIEVABLE
WHAT A FUCKING ENDING HOLY SHIT
FUCK THE NBA

FUCK THE REFS

FUCK THE RAPTORS

12 IN A ROW BABY
I don't know why I hate Lowry so much but I do.  Maybe it's because I'm jealous of his booty
Tired thread of overreactions it's like complaining fan at a party
Please no more boos I'll do anything end the torture
What's more pathetic? The fact that Raptors fans are treating this as a "playoff game" or the fact that they use shamrocks as their downvote button, despite never playing us in the postseason? Fake rivalry! 
Lauren Holtkamp deserves an award for worst ref  of the decade
FUCK YOU RAPTORS

FUCK YOU REFS

LET’S BOOGIE
How unhealthy is it that I've forgotten what it feels like to lose
This hype video is sick
Ugh I hate Lowry for some reason
I want Jaylen to take this game over
Is league pass skipping for anyone else? Both the Boston and Toronto streams are skipping horribly
#AL JUST KILLED THREE RAPTORS DOESNT HE KNOW THEYRE NEARLY EXTINCT
Awful pass by Horford 
Anybody else forget how much they hate the Raptors?
Terry just so damn scary
Kyries spirit possessed terry making him extra scary
"Unable to get his shot off" 
Our offense is terrible right now. Someone has to make it happen. Anyone... I'm begging. 
Fuck that offensive rebound for the Raps, that shit hurts like a bitch
I've come to hate the kick ball rule. Should only be when it's intentional, not when the ball inadvertently hits anyone's foot
I'm nostalgic for offense
I am sorry but that Sullivan Tire ad was just horrible..
SCARY FUCKING TERRY BITCH
So now we know how dinosaurs went extinct. It was Aron Baynes.
Stop falling for the damn pump fake.
Fuck Derozan he cant get by Jaylen so he jsut pump fakes a million times
you could see the anguish on Jaylen's face when he bit on that fake
Scary Terry is our designated end of quarter last few seconds shooter from now on. 
the raptors have to be shooting like 90% from three this game wtf.
Terry secretly relishes the chance to mug dudes on layups, I just know it.
Guys it's DDR. He has to get FTs. Such garbage. I hate this guy. 
Alfred Joel Horford Reynoso is a max fucking player 
Lets fucking go!!!
Who the fuck is whining
HOW CAN YOU BAIL THAT PLAY OUT AT THIS POINT IN THE GAME WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT CALL
Fuck that call. 
Ooh that was painful. Lead cut to 1 already
"YOU ARE AN IDIOT"
I'm mad about that play. But for real I can't help but laugh at that kid shouting 

#YOU ARE AN IDIOT
Bad call but Tatum should have passed the ball
Fucking flopping fish
FUCK YOURSELVES REFS
THAT IS THE WORST CALL POSSIBLE
FUCK THE JAYLEN HATERS
Fuck the refs and FUCK THE RAPTORS YOU FUCKING BITCH
The spacing on some of our possessions is just bad.

Al posting, smart and rozier cutting to the same place as Brown lurks the baseline
We've been struggling hard on offense and it's a one possession game! CMON BOYS, WE TAKE THE GAME NOW.
Tie game LETS GO
Lowry in foul trouble?! Oh boy, time for a run.
Fuck these refs trying to stop our streak! THERE'S NO STOPPING THIS STREAK BABY! 

FUCK THE TORONTO BARNEYS! LET'S FUCKING GO! 
Ball don’t fucking lie
LETS GO LETS GO GAME TIME! #CHINSUP EVERYONE
Tatum needs to slow down, he had that.
Smart.. there were people open!!! Not the WORST attempt but still.
Fuck you lowry 
Anyone else watching on the NBA app? It keeps randomly cutting around and it's fucking unwatchable 
telegraphing passes on both sides :/
not so bad. Go Celtics
Its going to be a bad reffing night 
weak fouls
Man Larkin has to make that ankle breaker shot :(
I pay money for this shitty game pass and I can't even watch the fucking game because it lags every 2 seconds
Rozier isn't even that little Tommy!
Looked like a terrible call from the ref
Holy shit who was that shouting.. was it "JAYLEN THAT SIDE!!!"?
SCARY TERRY YOU DOG
How are we doing?  I'm stuck at work :(
Holy fuck that airball 
OG is like a poor man's Jaylen Brown.
Baynes is a fucking bruiser we needed his toughness on this team
Why the fuck is Jaylen leaving his feet on fucking help defense
Let's fucking go bois!!!
Fuck
I think that's just common
Call me old fashioned but I hate those contested threes ugh 
Stay on ur feet brownie :( u had him
Jaylen wants to have dribble moves so bad 
SCARY TERRY BITCH
Miles is unbelievable wtf 
I hate how dumb Rozier can be sometimes
PUT FUCKING JAYLEN BACK INN ALREADY TO CLOSE THIS GAME 
i feel like officiating around all 4 major sports has been going downhill the past few years its crazy
A FOUL ON MY FUCKING ASS
travelllllll wtf
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT????
what the fuck was that call
Give the ball to Tatum and get the fuck outta the way.
Fuck the refs for giving Toronto the momentum.
Jaylen looks scary af kids dialed in
Tatum no :(
terrible fucking call ref
What a fucking flop!!
The fuck was that call?????
All Toronto does is bait for fouls. Fucking children.
YOU ARE AN IDIOT!!!!!!!
YOU ARE AN IDIOT
Tatum gotta learn to keep his elbows down... damn I just saw the reply... WTF KINDA CALL IS THAT!!! THAT IS BOGUS!!!
Whats he supposed to do? Not advance the ball down the court? Not his fault Van Vleet is a fucking midget 
what a fucking joke

THAT IS UNBELIEVABLE 
YESSSSSSSSSSSS FUCK THE RAPTORS
How the fuck does Toronto lose that game?  That's some bad coaching and playing right there.
THE REFS CAN'T STOP THE STREAK YOU FUCKING CAWKS
Wow what a fucking ending!
What the fuck are these passes?
FUCK YES
I really fucking hate Kyle Lowry 
Cant say anything about a woman ref being bad because its sexist, but if she was a guy id be making the same complaints...
Female ref is awful. 
I fucking hate Lowry and Derozan. 
Can someone guard Lowry wtf
Make a fucking shot :'(
THIS FUCKING KID IS ANNOYING
This lady ref is GARBAGE!!!! She was a ref during the Sixers game too!!! 
Get FUCKED Raps.
Fuck that annoying kid. And that was a clear offensive foul 
Scary Terry dropping 20 tonight
Bad news guys Marcus Morris has his headband on
Marcus already doing dumb stuff, should be another gr8 game for him
Another ref game, here we go
This ref team is a bad one I feel 
Lowry's arms are fucking swole.
Yeah that was a clear charge :(
Fuck!!!!!
So no one else is having problems watching the game?
Terrys handles have gotten insane this year, must be Kyrie rubbing off
MANS ANKLES GOT FUCKING DESTROYED LMFAOOOO
fuck
Oh God the moment when Comcast SportsNet uses the word drought :(
Brad looks SO angry holy shit
This is some bad basketball
Fuck threes
4 points in 5 minutes is not ideal 
Is anyone here using the leaguepass? It keeps buffering. It's impossible to watch!

Everyone is trying way too hard. Just move the ball. 
SCARY TERRY BITCH
YEAH TERRY FUCK YEAH. THATS HOW YOU FINISH A HALF WITH MOMENTUM.
Fuck me terry
Tatum fell asleep :/
Can we get a fucking stop?
Wtf was Ibaka thinking?
Oh bad foul but at least he missed it
Jaylen bites every pump fake known to earth
Let's fucking go!
Jaylen - improving with every game... This is his TEST year.... He is learning everything he needs... next year.... THE NBA is = fucked...
Common foul
without Smart in the game to run the offense, the halfcourt is real sloppy.
This current line-up worries me, offensively.. sorry guys :(
I hate three pointers
Anyone else think Morris has been doing too much lately 
TERRY MY FUCKING DADDY
Who needs Kyrie as a closer when you have Scary Terry
Maybe I'm too old to understand, but I don't get this trend of young girls dying their hair weird fucking colors
Miles is having one of those games which he has once every few weeks which keep him paid and in the league. Fuck. 
we just have these small stretches of absolutely terrible basketball
what the fuck marcus
Need to be better on that possession, hoofing up a 3 was awful.
This game has a weird atmosphere right now for some reason
After the Redskins game today I️ really need this W :(
FUCK DWANE CASEY BRAD THE GOAT
It's too bad Simmons is gonna put up crazy numbers in meaningless 6ers losses this year, because Tatum would be a very deserving RoY it'd seem
Fuck me.
What the fuck is this???
AL FUCKING HORFORD
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT
Unbelievable 
Get the fuck outa here
That is the worst call I have ever seen 
Close this shit out!
That's a hell of a way to fucking lose
What a fucking actor. Fuck Toronto.
Not a great possession there.. fuck
OH MY FUCK REFS
give me a fucking break
WTF!!!!!
Incoming flagrant call....because fuck the celtics...
stfu lady shouting "you are an idiot"
YOU ARE AN IDIOT
"THAT IS THE WORST CALL POSSIBLE! THAT IS UNBELIEVABLE"
Fuck yeah
Fuck yeah
Fuck Toronto!!!!!
FUCK YEAH
FUCK YOU BALL DONT LIE
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
BALL DOESNT FUCKING LIE
FUCK THE REFS, WE DON'T NEED THEIR CALLS ANYWAY
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
LETS FUCKING GO
FUCK YEA!!!!!!!
Who the fuck is Siakim?
I hate Lowry 
Lowry had been complaining to that ref on a few possessions this quarter,  not surprised she got sick of it. 
Lowry is annoying to play against
Hate the Raptors man
I hope Lowry fouls out so fucking bad
Let's fucking go!!!
We need Kyrie :(
some annoying ass kids are coming through the broadcast
Refs really trying to do whatever they can to end the streak. TOO BAD!
That's our ball wtf
What's illegal defense?
THAT is why giving up offensive boards is a big deal. Because they hit fucking threes off of them.
6-0 blocks in favor of Toronto is pathetic
Why the fuck is Baynes on the bench!?
Marcus just pass the fucking ball. You're not Kyrie. 
Fuck you Toronto
Can they hold on to the fucking ball?
Come the fuck on Jaylen
Pass the fucking ball. 
Get a fucking rebound
I hate Lowry so much
Just trolling guys don't get mad
A fucking turnover of course
Rozier has got to be the worst finisher in the NBA that consistently gets into the paint 
They have a closer, we dont, might be the difference at the end of the game
Is it that hard to hold on to the ball?
Larkin is so bad
If I were Brad I'd start Terry and Marcus and sit Jaylen, who's been sloppy.

This is why I'll never be a coach.
Larkin's jumpshot is worse than trash
That's an atrocious shot to take with a damn 7 footer on you. 
Refs handed you guys that game on a silver platter
Sully. :(
Poor kid was trying to boo but sounded like Casper instead
Just ordered my Tatum shirt after the hornets game. I loveeee him
Nervous for the Raptors as they are 'bout to go extinct.
Nothing but greats wore #8. Shocked it ain’t retired yet 
The amount of heart and soul this boy puts to catch rebounds and make plays is scary. Always count on him to be little in the paint but outrebound your ass. 
If he just had something from somewhere... Like literally, anything, from anywhere. It's so fucking frustrating 
Any time that’s played is out of place. Shits annoying.
Literally impossible for the armchair quarterback population of our community.
woof a bad thing?
Which stream? My streaming sucks
I have been saying this for so long.  They are the worst.  Way worse than 6ers/lakers
Your stream is late af
15 fucking dogs? At once or over a span of time?
So close :(
THAT IS UNBELIEVABLE
as long as its not those fucks from the Charlotte game
Isaiah Thomas :(
Tacoma boys :(
Edit: I️ guess IT doesn’t count since he’s been out but still
Simmons is playing nasty. He might be second tho its close
Wasn't too bad tonight.
because its an afternoon game i would assume
What is bloody early?
Can Celtics fans stop being the most thin skinned fan base ever?
Seriously?????
Ive stopped going into those, literally the worst game threads
Wtf Perk delete this
Prime perk, sorry aussy
The bitch fucked us into the ground last time 
Just Larkin I guess, everyone else is at least average
Don't hate the player hate the game. Refs shouldn't have called that. If Smart does that it's a "winning play".
No, it's fucking sexist because you use "woman" instead of her fucking name. It aint hard. Holtkamp. Use her fucking name and dont define her by her gender. 
Nothing to do with gender, she's just a bad ref
Terrible. Offense has no flow and a raging inability to score. 
Not shooting well of late. Defense getting turnovers, though. Gonna be a grind it out type of game from the looks of it.
I tried using league pass, wouldn't work so had to switch to NBA streams. Crazy that the illegal stream beats something I pay money for.
At least he’s making them 
Probably a bad idea for an NBA player to get face tattoos tbh. Ruins your chances of getting commercials and tv deals later on. 
Lowry might have been passing, in which case it was just a deflection. Or the box score is lagging behind.
Brad called for it. Game is too close to let that go
No he's actually tough  
Don't you dare. Fuck Zaza 
Fuck Travis Kelce.
Boi he was saving a broken play. 
Small sample sizes, but Tatum and Jaylen have been reliable 3 point shooters. 
Nah youve proved yourself an idiot though
god words cannot describe how much I fucking hate you
How can you hate that about Smart he gives 100% all the time regardless of score
You have predicted that we’ll lose at least 8 of the last 11 games. Shut the fuck up.
T Ro just made a sick 3 and you are still complaining for fucks sake
Also without 2 starters and I don't think the game has been called that unevenly.
Didn't see those awful calls in the last qtr going the raps' way? 
Dude our coach fucked up by letting Fred play almost the entire 4th quarter. They did miss the travel on Tatum though. 
He has a crazy vertical and jumps for every rebound. 
Fuck Ben Simmons 
7am. On any other day it's alright but had a late one.
Fuck! How do you do it?
Fuck you kid. 
just a lil weird
To me it looked like he lifted his arms up to avoid contact but the defender was reaching in and then contact was made. I may be wrong it looks like a close call. Regardless it was a fun game to watch.
See he attacks the basket, to big for pgs to stop. All he has to fucking do yet he takes jumpers. 
I hope IT scores 50 a night but the Cavs lose every game 
Nah, fuck it, mask off
That’s legit terrifying.
I'll go fuck myself now
Viktor Vaughn would be disappoint :(
Stop derozan and we got a game on our hands. 

I think Jaylen can hold him.
We need Marcus shouting from the sidelines “stay down, stay down” like he was in that Cleveland game. 
We also should've got the W against the Cleveland if the tragic scene didn't happen. The arena, players and staff were so shocked it almost took our mind out of the game. That resulted in this amazing streak so it all worked out!
Is it weird if the first thing I thought when I saw this was “FUCK THE LAKERS”?
Yo we’re in the East, that schedule ain’t terrible
Legit and people can’t even chat shit about not deserving the undefeated run. If we had Hayward all these games wouldn’t be half as close. Not saying all would’ve been +20 but not nail biters or 1 pointers. 
Scary Terry too baby
6ers are struggling to hold on .

Bucks are flawed.

I don't acknowledge the rest of them.


I had a student buy a t shirt of Bias posterizing someone  from the University of Maryland campus store, so they exist.  I don't see it in the online store though.  Sorry.
I️ like to live dangerously. 
[This Ray Allen throw down on Bosh was so dirty and such a surprise](https://youtu.be/S-4Bx9daY88?t=2m57s)
I was at this game. Place was fucking lit. 
I was going to write about the Raptors dunk. That was nasty.
No need to use rude language
Butler is overrated.  I use to exaggerate by calling him "Premium Brand Ricky Davis" and Celtics fans desperate for us to trade all our Brooklyn picks for him would lose their shit at me.  
No doubt Jaylen still has his flaws. He's got a longer way to come than Tatum. But I see no reason why he won't get there. And he'll be a fucking beast when he does.
Damn then how is he shooting 43 percent and 37 from 3s. The Jaylen hate is fucking stupid.
I think he could still *mature* into an All Star. At worst his *floor* is average starter.
If by not rebounding you mean making the layup, then yes. 
He does miss a lot of layups. I think at least 5 in the last game. 
That’s Brad “Worst Coach in the NBA” Stevens to you /s
That's bad coaching I think.
Ah yes, 2008, when Paul Pierce broke his ankle five minutes into the season, then KG got concussed, and then Ray Allen got his nose broken by Kendrick Perkins. /s

Let’s make it 12 tomorrow!!


Fuck u 
Some ugly numbers.  Marcus keeps playing like this  he should be paying wyc to play. 
Baynes is such an Aussie. Shorts and prob wore flip flops in the cold weather. 
God bless him for breaking rituals and silly things that don't matter.
Almost as weird as linking a tweet that’s linking a post on IG
How the hell is it weird? Common denominator here is their kids are playing together. 
Is it weird if you zoomed in to check for all of Australia?
I... I was told we had a thin Marcus 
“This game is and always will be about buckets” - Bill Russell
Fuck it, mask on
The league was already fucked, but now they gonna be really really fucked!!! 

Masked Kyrie = League MVP
Kyrie already bakes Curry without the mask. But with the mask, oh god he might destroy his weak ankles. Expect a W gents.
League fucked
Goood, let the anger flow through you 
I am so sorry for the rest of the league.  The masked avenger is going to wreak havoc on everyone.  May all bow before us.  
Fuck it, mask on
Scary Terry
I wish we could still have the black ones :(
I’d like that but I’m not sure if we get out of round 2. 
Irving doubtful with minor facial fracture
Mask on fuck it mask off
Fuck
IE Broken nose
Too bad they can’t wear the black ones 
You mean Brad Side?
I don’t know, but because he’s listed as doubtful and not definitively out, I would imagine only a couple games.
Well he's listed for tomorrow as doubtful, not out, so I'd have to imagine it's not terribly long. 
He’ll probably miss a game or two 
Boston is a difficult city to host anything in
Simply because it's cold as fuck....and snow 
What's your reasoning behind this? Genuinely curious. 
If you are thinking of him as a Lebron stopper I think you are going to be massively disappointed.  
It’s draft but it’s still 12 from each conference which is dumb
NOT GREAT BOB
Suns are atrocious on defense. Idk how valid that stat is
Probably not a good stat to use but JJ can still suck our dicks
I know this isn’t a valid stat but still fuck Jackson that is all 
I wouldn’t say he’s a chucker, he’s just a horrible shooter. He misses wide open shots.
Second year player averaging 14 on 45%/35% shooting (after last nights terrible shooting night) is bad? Did you have a dad you could never impress?
Impossible. That was Kelly O’s draft class and we know the bounce is real. 
That is just absurd.
I think he kept going up for about 4x as long as physics should allow, that's crazy
What the fuck is this? That can't be real... But it has to be... Why fake a nets highlight. 
Indeed, such a crazy story...
Man, Sully was really solid for us that season. Sad that he's in China now, I always thought he was underrated. 
Like watching the game with a slightly liquored up grandpa!
When? Do you mean Jah’s rookie year? 
Hey just a heads up. Do the iPhone update, will fix that bug that changes characters. You have to go in iPhone settings and look under General-Software Update. Should fix it. Weird bug that started really getting bad this past week.
He is Scary Terry fam sorry
Scary
Who the fuck has been calling him Tito?? 
Scary terry the 6’2 micheal jordan 
scary terry
I'm sorry it's Tito 
FOR THE LAST TIME. THERE IS ALREADY A T-RO IN THE NBA. CATS NAME IS SCARY TERRY...BITCH
Scary Terry III BITCH
“Scary Terry..... bitch” is also acceptable 
That's just Brad Things.  I knew the guy was an evil genius during a playoff game against the Cavs.  We were about to fall down 21 and the guy [had a look on his face like it was all going according to his sneaky little plan](http://i.imgur.com/pMhd4Yq.gif)... We won that game.  People don't get it - the dude is playing 10-dimensional chutes and ladders.  
I mean, Detroit has made quite a turnaround.
And it's every single game too.
I get it.....but man that would make me sad as a such a fan of JBJ's defense
yea if i remember he just kept breaking his nose(?) and decided fuck it i'll just keep it on.
##IT'S NOT GONNA STOP BABY

Side note, fuck the Yankees


Wait, aren't the Astros like the worst team in baseball? -European here
The worst team gets the #1 pick in the draft. So they were bad for a while, horded #1 picks, and they all basically panned out at the same time. Now they're a force to be reckoned with. 
Medical Facility??? I've worked at N.E.S. Devens a hundred times, i don't know why the idea of a prison (or medical facility???) on that base never crossed my mind.
"Suck my dick"

But to be serious, the streak of course, and my boy Tatum.
But...Danny Ainge understands the value of his assets so let’s not be TOO surprised if Tatum gets traded for some crazy value. 
It's been over 3 weeks since e we've lost a game, I don't even remember what it feels like anymore
My toaster sucks dick 
I mean, Horford's gonna be 34 in "a few years", and, unlike Tom Brady, he's gonna have to start aging eventually.
My hope for him is to age into our poor man’s Tim Duncan. We would need to find our “Aldridge” in like 2 years however.
he kinda reminds me of a (really) poor man's millsap
Because he plays so stupid.

If he's cold, he's just gonna keep chucking and hero balling until one goes in.

And God knows they never go in...
To me his shot doesn’t look bad, the biggest issue is he’ll take bad shots. 
I still like him overall because of his ferocious defense but yeah, god he's been awful shooting the ball.  The Tony Allen comparisons are valid. 
tbh I don’t want him at any price. He’s a historically bad shooter. Seriously one of the worst *ever*. Even if he’s decent on defense, how is that enough compensation for being the worst shooter [for 2 straight years?](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/65333k/marcus_smart_clinches_his_spot_as_the_worst_3pt/)
100% agree, it's tough to watch. 
Then at least 50% of us are insane. 
Does what? I can’t tell if you’re applauding his decision not to re-sign him this summer, or if you’re lamenting the fact that he drafted them at all.

If it’s the second one, go back and look at that draft. It was legitimately awful. I hate Marcus more than herpes, and even I can’t see who should’ve been drafted ahead of him. 
What does kek mean? I see it all the time but never thought to ask. 
Worst meme in the fan community right there. 
[you're so wrong about smart](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/s/smartma01/on-off/2018)
Ill upvote you to the heavens, finally someone who sees things the way Im seeing them. 

Zero historical precedent for something like this happening to a player who has been as bad as Marcus for this many years. He was terrible shooting college three pointers, which are like three or 4 feet shorter in distance. He was even bad in high school.
That’s no good either though. Because that means the rest of the team is playing four on five on every offensive possession. That is not a winning formula in the playoffs. It never works. We were terrible when Rondo had this issue and refused to shoot for those two or three seasons at the end of the big three era.
OMG this bugged me to no end last year. I hated it so much. 

Does Marcus have *kompromat* on Stevens?
He isn’t though. This is fake news. 
He’s going to lead the team in assists if he never touches the ball past the logo?
He takes 10 shots a game. He's not chucking. I would argue that regardless of his shooting he is still a plus on offense (and the numbers back me up). 

The real question is, will he ever figure his shooting out? If he does, he becomes insanely valuable because of how well he can run the PnR and offense. 
What examples do you have of guys who were awful shooters in high school and awful shooters in college and awful shooters in the pros, who showed zero (if not negative) shooting improvement in his first four seasons, that ended up even average? 

Other then blind hope, what reason do you think he's going to improve after showing zero improvement in his shooting so far in his career?
Fuck those refs man
The refs tried to fuck us over and they still couldn't stop us 
Didn’t get a chance to watch the game last night. Was it as sloppy as the box score suggests? 
Can’t believe we have to play again midday Sunday...this is brutal...
Any updates on kyrie/horford for tomorrow's game?
I NEED SOME FUCKING HIGHLIGHTS IN MY LIFE 
Morris is an idiot. That was the absolute worst shot I've ever seen all things considered.
Can you link this? I didn’t watch the game.
So frustrating. He gets to the rim with ease. Just needs to finish. When that comes, watch out!
It was fanfuckingtastic. I'm smiling like a damn idiot. I already rewatched the game! 
Steph “poor mans Shane Larkin” Curry  
  
FTFY
Morris is. Even though he is a stupid moron.
Ive seen a lot of Celtics comebacks, but i always thought we could make a run. This game i didnt think it was possible and this team fucking did it!
So what you're saying is the worst has passed?

I'm very sorry to hear this, hope she has a speedy recovery.
I also have tickets to the nets game! see you there
I read this and felt really bad for you until I got to the end.
But Marcus smart's bad shooting in an injury-plagued broken offense through 13 games means he is the devil incarnate 
35	Malik Allen
33	Ryan Anderson
1	Gilbert Arenas
30	Brandon Bass
15	Vince Carter
3	Earl Clark
25	Chris Duhon
13	Marcin Gortat
12	Dwight Howard
9	Rashard Lewis
14	Jameer Nelson
20	Mickael Pietrus
7	J.J. Redick
23	Jason Richardson
5	Quentin Richardson
15	Hedo Turkoglu
44	Jason Williams

Yeah that team was disgusting
I just really hate watching Nader. He has no court awareness it seems.
You don't think he's had enough of a chance?  He's been awful and looks really really timid and scared out on the court
We play the Nets on Nov 14th. I bet Nader will have his breakout game then. Nader likes to drive to the rim and BRK lacks size.
Needs work still, but the talent is there. Developmentally he's behind Tatum.
He’s seemed like he’s playing tired a lot recently, making stupid turnovers he hadn’t been at the very beginning of the season. 
He can dribble, granted he’s no Kyrie Irving but what I’m saying is he usually dribbles and the defenders collapse on him so he has 3-4 surrounding him and he gets bumped and loses the handle. When he beats his defender he needs to not drive when they collapse or he will keep losing it
He doesn't need a pull up floater. He needs to learn how to dribble the fucking ball.
>He doesn't relegate you to the bench as soon as you mess up.

I hate recency bias... Jaylen would go to the bench with every mistake he made and he wouldn't return even for garbage time last season. Then he spent 3 months in the dog house.
Shane Larkin played one hell of a game.
Nader looked like a chicken with his head cut off. 
I assume you mean Xbox X as opposed to PS4 X which is pass
that crowd was fucking nuts 
Was at the game. That was the loudest game I've ever been too. Specifically that later 4th quarter 
there's really nothing like it. I was actually at the game last night and the place was insane
I was at all the playoff games in 2008 and there was a game against Detroit where the crown noise was actually painful. 
Lame
Fuck Atlanta 
FUCK THE CAVS AND LEBRON OUR REIN IN THE EAST BEGINS NOW!!!!
Was so pumped for that Raptors game too :(
I hope it's not a concussion and just a broken nose and he comes in wearing a mask and has a monster game. 
Fuck Toronto 
You're not kidding. Went to a Jays/Sox game there a couple years ago. I enjoyed the city but my buddy got punched in the face outside the stadium by a drunk Jays fan. Didn't even get a "sorry." Fake ass Canadians.
Thank gosh they didn't read the game thread, would have lost all confidence 
If you care to watch it again, your guy is sliding his feet still while Tatum is in the air. Bad call.
Video?

Edit:  Of course not, because you're full of crap.
bad bot
Sorry to hear that human 😞 If you give me a reason why, I can tell my master 😢
Had the steal that sealed the game for us as well. 

Game should’ve been a blowout but are defense elite asf
I hate to be that guy but...
What a game. I'm so hyped with this team. Brad Stevens is literally God.
I’d fuck Tatum
Shane Larkin MVP

Tatum ROTY

Theis DPOY

Brad Stevens COTY

Refs Least Improved
I'd fuck Tatum.
FUCK THE REFS AND FUCK INJURIES WE STILL STREAKIN BOIS
THE RUMORS OF OUR DEMISE WERE GREATLY EXAGGERATED
#THE LARKIN GAME
I'm blind, I'm deaf, I wanna be a ref! 
Brad Stevens is a god. Even without Horford and Kyrie. Even with the refs making terrible call after terrible call. Even with all the mistakes and shooting only 35%...this team still managed to come back from being down 15+. Absolutely incredible. 
#FUCK YOU INJURY GODS
What the fuck
HOlllyyyy shit the refs bet on charlotte this game huh

motherfuckers I was sooo mad. 
WHAT IN THE FUCK WAS THAT GAME
That game was exhausting... 
Who needs Kyrie, Hayward, and Horford? When we got Larkin, Tatum, and Morris. Also fuck the refs! 
WE ARE GOING FUCKING 80-2!
FUCK EVERYTHING WE WON
HOLY SHIT!!

MIRACLES DO HAPPEN!! 
Fuck the haters
This team is so fucking resilient!! 80-2 still on track
The Hornets were shook worse than the 2012 Sox bullpen.
Theis did not make one illegal play tonight, but somehow he almost fouled out??
I seriously cannot handle Marcus Smart’s horrific shooting. I can’t. I really can’t. 
We will never lose another game ever again
Did we really just do that?

YES WE DID BECAUSE WE'RE GONNA GO 80 AND FUCKING 2!!!
I just came back and checked.

WTf?

can anyone explain how we won.
WTF CRAZY PZHHATSG WE WON so weird for real tho.
This team gives me a fucking boner.
Fuck r/NBA forever

I can't wait to see what every one says about this game, with all the people out. 
Fuck me dead. 
I called another 3 point game boys look it up!!!! muahahahah
Hornets 1st Quarter Points: 26
Hornets 4th Quarter Points: 11

Celtics 1st Quarter Points: 11
Celtics 4th Quarter Points: 26

Fuck the Hornets.
Ugly fucking game
[Kyrie so ahead of the game he intentionally sat out so he could give the bench some confidence](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DOUdwJFVoAUYwzb.jpg)
GIVE ME THE FUCKING GOLD MOTHERFUCKER
:'( 
Dude the game literally ended a minute ago WTF
Jeezus.  It's insane.  You guys are so fucking lucky to have Stevens.    
I mean, I wouldn't say "no" problem
Also, hit the three that made it a one possession game, and the layup that gave us the lead.
Shots like [this one](https://streamable.com/800oo) are why we're so crazy
For real though, probably the worst officiating I've ever seen. Even worse than game 7 of the 2010 NBA finals
im gonna say something kinda crazy.  he uses his length like Durant.  jumps far out, extends his arms toward the rim.  he knows how to use his length which I did not see at all in college.  dude has been insane.  I'm so excited for his future.
i thought that crossover J was sick too 
I read this like 100 times and I still don't know which game they played at the bar???
=/
You stole my gif! Jk, let's fucking go 80-2
5 reasons in order

1) Celtics D

2) Shane fucking Larkin

3) Marcus Morris

4) Jayson Tatum

5) Scary Terry
Where did you read that?

Edit: I feel dumb, should've realized this is a blatant troll comment. Go Eat a bag of dicks dude 
Who were the refs for tonight? What happened? Sry missed the game
"I know who's not getting the game ball"
That play whee zeller pushed someone down then randomly fell and got the call somehow had me screaming
Indeed we did, I posted it in the game thread and then immediately assumed I jinxed us when Rozier stepped out...
Needs to work on his awareness though. That bricked 3 with 22 seconds on the shot clock almost blew the game for us.
Shane. Fucking. Larkin. 
Chills man. This city is 110% behind this team. 
that between the legs stepback was ridiculous. Shane Larkin has some shit with him. 
10-15 seems pretty extreme if his shooting numbers are *this* bad. He's just not a starter in the NBA if he's this much of a black hole offensively (and I hope he improves), and the market is already going to be terrible for better players like KCP, Brook Lopez, and Avery Bradley. 
We can't catch a break can we? Hopefully this will be our last bad luck.
Broken nose I bet, wtf we're so unlucky
Fuck
Nothing you can do but It's so frustrating. I swear it's every team I root for too
Fuck
I don't usually watch NBA. When I do I"m a Mavs fan. BUT THESE CALLS ARE LEGITIMATELY PISSING ME OFF. WHAT IS WRONG YALL SHOULD BE UP 10 BY NOW
What a stupid, stupid shot by Morris
Who else thinks Baynes scores 70 tonight

Edit: fuck u baynes
Kyrie shouldn't have gotten hit because that should have been Celtics ball, after the block it hit IN BOUNDS then hit Dwight while he was out. What the fuck?
When I was a wee lad, some punk guy came up and asked me, "Hey, wee lad, what's 1 + 1?"

And I stared him dead in his deadass face and shouted, "11 you little bitch. Just like the number of games in a row  the 2017-2018 Celtics will have at least won after a cold November night in Boston, like two decades from now."

And he stood speechless.

And I scoffed, asking further, "What, do  you believe the earth is round or something? Get out of my face."
I can't believe Morris took that. What the fuck
This shit isn't even that bad. Like, what, 16 points down? Is that all? Not even 18, like in the Thunder game?

We got this.
Holy crap, if we pull this off...this is the dead end of our bench. Unreal. 
I cannot believe we won this fucking game
Holy shit. Fuck this season. 
Burn all footage of this game immediately after it's over.
this game is just reminding me how much I hate that doofus howard
#Rumors of the Celtics demise have been greatly exaggerated.
Fuck mannn people STOP GETTING HURT
Refs started early this game.

Fuck this.
Marcus Smart is my spirit animal, because I am also fucking sick of DH12's stupid fucking face
I feel like at least 30% of Jaylen's layups look like they should go in but just decide to rim out 
God I want Jaylen to show out so bad
That kinda makes up for being an idiot 
FUCK YOU REFS AND FUCK YOU CHARLOTTE AND FUCK YOU DWIGHT
NOW GIMME THAT FUCKING BOOGIE
We can't catch a fucking break how insane is this 
LONZO GAVE US

THE **UGLY**
Baynes has been fucking horrific 
Yabusele not boxing out at all... And then not fouling... And then fouling at the wrong time. Brutal
I've seen worse and I'm not shutting the game off. 
Call me a blind optimist, but I still have a hunch this will become a competitive game.

#CHIN UP
Hate blaming refs, but they’ve been horrible tonight
That is so fucking unbelievable. Fuck these garbage ass refs
Moaning about the refs is so lame... And such a bitch move... But man. They're really, properly, bad. 
3 point game, take that injury gods. And fuck you.
Gorman was/is a fucking stud
The fact we're actually in this game is fucking bonkers 
it's 3.50am in Sweden and I'm officially afraid I'm gonna get evicted for screaming too loud, too often.
Morris you ducking idiot 
BURN THE FUCKING CLOCK FFS
what the fuck was morris doing he pulled a bargnani/jr smith
ICE THIS GAME TATUM
THAT FUCKING DEFENSE
Marcus Morris with the all world D to clinch the game.
FUCKING YES!
FUCK THE REFS AND FUCK INJURIES
Let's fuck boys, no Horford no problem 
Scary Terry gotta scare some folks tonight
SCARY TERRY LETS FUCKING GO
FUCK THE REFS
God that call was ridiculous 
why do the refs fucking hate us?
We literally can't get thru one game without an injury, this is fucking insane 
jesus fucking christ. in regards to ALL of that.
Gorman has been dryly roasting these Hornets like a madman all game.
Can we put that guy from the navy into the game tonight?
This is the worst officated game I have seen in a long time 
The officiating tonight has been horrific.
#LET'S FUCKING GO BOYS. JAYLEN GOT HIS MOJO BACK 
THIS GAME IS ABOUT STOPS NOW. PLAIN AND SIMPLE.
This is a fucking clown fiesta 
I TOLD YOU DON’T HATE ON MORRIS. Shoot it if you’re open 
I TOLD YOU DON’T HATE ON MORRIS. 
Howard is a soft ass bitch I hate him.
are they saying "howard sucks"?
I hate frank so much. Idk what it is about him that I dont like, I just dont like him. He is like a tall angry beaver 
OMG GUERCHON FUCKED UP SO BAD LMAO
Smart and Brown combined 0/7 from 3, brutal
Just agreed to go to a bar to watch the remainder of the game.. either to drink away my sorrows or to my delight.
Someone sacrifice a small cute animal fucking STAT the gods are angry
Brad should take the ejection this game. 
Tatum with some sick defense
That three by Theis just gave me flashbacks to game 7 against the wizards 
IS EVERY FUCKING FOUL ON US? WHEN GORMAN AGREES WITH TOMMY YOU KNOW ITS BAD
Where is the fucking foul?
Get Smart out of the game. He has been ice cold all night. I'd rather Terry.
These refs can fuck off 
FEET WERE FUCKING MOVING SUCK MY DICK U DUMB FUCKING BLIND SHIT FUCK
Tatum is fucking jesus
Clutch as fuck after the terrible quick 3
Well that'll make up for the bad decision Morris! That a boy!
Morris is just going to be that kind of player all year. Takes stupid shots but makes just enough of them so we don't stay mad at him.
These refs are so fucking eager to hand this to the Hornets
Not really sure why Morris is off the hook, he could've taken 20 seconds off the clock and the game would've been over
Worst case scenario is overtime cmon boys 
WHAT A FUCKING GAMMMEMEEMEMEMEME
Let's fucking BOOGIE!!!
GRAB THE REEL AND TAKE IT TO THE CUTTING ROOM FLOOR, GET THIS ONE ONTO THE COTY MIXTAPE ASAP BOYS
The fact this isn’t a 30 point loss is a testament to how shitty Charlotte is. Fuck this game 
MORRIS YOU FUCKING IDIOT
OMG. THE WORST LUCK IN HISTORY
Fuck... that elbow by Baynes gotta fucking hurt.
FUCKKKKKKKK :( SO MUCH BLOOD
fuck the basketball gods, im terrified everygame we are going to have another inury
Fuck FUCK Jesus fuck why Baynes
2 points in half a quarter from a goaltend I mean damn
#2 POSSESSION GAME. WE STILL GOT THIS.
I'm not following the game closely, what happened to Kyrie?  How bad did it look?
WHY IS EVERYTHING A FOUL FUCK
this game and the refs can eat my fucking ass
I feel bad that THIS is the game all these Veterans get to watch at the Garden
Celtics are missing all of their stars. And all of their shots :'(
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST JUST GIVE THEM EVERY CALL
OKC fan here. Sorry to see you guys are getting ref fucked too :(
Dwight Howard you dirty piece of shit. Just like that dirty play on [Paul Pierce](https://youtu.be/ig9ZL6zlb5g?t=8s) back in the day. 
wtf I like Larkin now????
Ugh, don't go under the screen of someone who just hit an identical shot :(
Aside from knocking out Kyrie, Baynes has been fucking atrocious on both ends. 
Does jaylen have small hands? Feels like that always seems to be a problem when he drives... He loses control of the ball 
Yabu may never enter a game again

Brad is LIVID 
This is painful, but I have faith
FUCKING STOP
This is fuckin ridiculous 
CAN THESE FUCKING REFS LET THEM FUCKING PLAY
Bench Marcus. For fucks sake. This is horrible. 
i propose we feed tatum and morris the rest of the game.  they seem to be the only ones who are not ice cold tonight
I don't normally do this but...

WHAT THE FUCK ARE THESE GOD DAMN MOTHER FUCKING REFS DOING WITH THEIR SHITTY ASS CALLS 
fuck yeah! single digits!
#FUCK THE REFS
JAYLEN SAYS FUCK THE HATERS 
JAYLEN FUCKING BROWN CMOOOON
WHERE IS THE FUCKING FOUL?!!?!? 
HOW IS THAT A FUCKING FOUL.
Ohhohhhhgh brown is drunk brown suxks pull him out 
LETS FUCKING GO
#FUCK THE REFS FUCK THE LAKERS FUCK /R/NBA FUCK THE HABS FUCK THE JETS FUCK NESN
I've seen refs call worse charge calls
LET LARKIN PLAY THE REST OF THE GAME HE FUCKIN DESERVES IT
Holy fuck is Morris playing the 5? What is this? Basketball for ants?
Fuck that was a stupid ass take by Morris
He took the shot to KILL the game!!! Unlucky
Oh fuck no...
###SCARY TERRY###
THANK FUCK MARCUS MORRIS IS MY DAD
3-12 and a brutal turnover but somehow an amazing game by terry 
WE FUCKING PULLED THROUGH HOLY SHIT
11 IN A ROW FUCK YEAH!!!
Serious question. Can Brown palm the ball? I've never seen it. May be some connection with his trouble with his handles and finishing.
MORRIS FUCK YOU
Isaiah Thomas statsbot

edit: I'm an awful human being 
This game is gonna be so ugly.
Marcus Smart: 1-8 FG, 0-4 3PT, +/- of -17 (worst on team)
FUCK YOU REFS, AS MUCH AS YOU WANT US TO LOSE, YOU CAN'T FUCKING STOP THE TRAIN
SMART YOU FUCKING IDIOT YOU CANNOT SHOOT THE FUCKING BALL JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
Managed to run 10324394 errands today to watch the game tonight. I'm setting off for the Netherlands for work tomorrow so may miss every game until I'm back :'(... 11 in a row! LET'S GET IT!
I predict a Jaylen Brown bounceback game 
no no no no.... fuck 
Why do we have the WORST luck ever? It's not luck, fuck you basketball Gods.
IS THIS SOME KIND OF SICK JOKE :(
jesus christ not another one :( 
I feel sick to my fucking stomach. These injuries are a CURSE
Wtf Kyrie literally seems lost, his eyes are gone 
holy shit the offense is bad 
Of course Kyrie gets injured in the game before the one ill be attending
Can we put Larkin in the game please
WHAT A HORSE SHIT FUCKING OFFENSIVE CALL
kyrie out the rest of the game... my heart just sank. ugh :(
Refs raping us. Injuring each other. Fuck me. 
This is the ugliest quarter I've ever seen and now Kyrie may have a concussion I mean fuck me
We need a break out Tatum game 
This is my fault guys. If i hadn't bought tickets to Sundays game this wouldn't have happened to Kyrie. I'm sorry everyone
Fighting the refs and the injury gods. Tough matchup 
I’m not mad, I’m just disappointed - Dad
Damn... Without Irving, Al and GH our offense is dead =(((
Two stupid ass reach in fouls by Terry this quarter. 
refs are soft as fuck on the hornets end. it's fucking terrible.
refs are just guessing (and guessing wrong)
Tatum with the cleanest steal of the game... foul called
I'm waiting for Tommy to fucking lose it tonight 
Fuck off Dwight you baffoon smfh
What the fuck these refs cunt
"That's bullshit" - wrong 
PATHETIC defense... No ball pressure 
My god this game has been brutal
Abby with the hard hitting questions.
Offense is totally dog shit without Horford.  You take kyrie out too game over. 
Expose em Scary Terry
I'm not watching, just following this thread...can someone tell me what happened to Kyrie and how bad it is? 
Without Al Kyrie or Hayward were currently operating with about 30% of our payroll.

I wouldn't be too harsh on this game. 
I'm grateful for those in the crowd that served Murica, but I am so bummed about the injuries... seriously we have the worst luck ever.
damn yabu, ya fouled him to late
Fuck I switched the channel I wanna see mad brad
Anyone got the mad brad highlight?
lets just do tatum iso all game
can we get a fucking break please
For fuck sakes....
These refs sucks
What a joke of a fucking call, moving fucking screen by Howard.
These refs wtf
fuck that shit
Dude, fuck Dwight Howard.
I feel like if Brad is going to be ejected from a game, this is the one
Can somebody clip that play of cody zeller pushing someone down then falling randomly and having our player called for the foul?
Fuck the prediction machine 
SCARY TERRY BITCH
Come on, cut the lead. Charlotte's bench sucks
Wait wtf? Yabu did literally nothing there...
Far and away the worst officiated game I️ have ever witnessed.
Haters can say what they want, but Jaylens intensity on defense and his rebounding helped to get us back in this game. Let’s do this boyssss!!
LARKIN PLAYS SO HARD
Worst refs I've seen tbh
These refs are fucking idiots
I've never seen reffing quite this bad... Unbelievable. Totally messes with the flow of the game it's awful.

Edit: a word
Sugar fucking Shane
BALL DOESNT FUCKING LIE BITCH
fuck, morris shoulda held that
So dumb
We have been playing pretty awful all game, getting screwed by the refs, and we dont have Horford and Irving, yet we are up 1. How?
There you go Morris, there you fucking go!
WHAT THE FUCK
Fuck me 
whew, that was fucking close
FUCK THESE REFS
Cmon scary terry
GO HOME KEMBA, YOU'RE NOT GOING TO THE ALL STAR GAME THIS YEAR EITHER
Ice water scary Terry
GG refs, yall tried really hard all game to beat us but ya didnt
Scary Terry and Mook get their instant redemption
When you can’t watch the game so you’re frantically switching between reddit and the nba app to understand what’s happening
CAN THIS FUCKING IDIOT STOP SHOOTING
Theory: ever since brown turned 21 he's been getting drunk before games, affecting his ball handling and blurring his vision of the basket.
That shot by Morris was absolutely fucking terrible and probably lost us the game. Holy shit, how hard is it to play with some intelligence. 
Nader coming just fuck me
Fuck y'all for talking smack on mah boy Mahcus 
Shutting the game off at half after that rozier foul, worst shit I’ve ever seen. Just gift them 3 free throws at the end of the half.
Brads the realest as usual 
Fuck...
This injury bug is hitting us hard af
Fuck thats blood, did he lose a tooth?
wtf.... silver lining is he'll recover from a broken nose more smoothly than a leg injury. But hopefully it's just a bloody nose. Wtf is this season
What the fuck is happening.
Not even 2 minutes into the damn game
Holy shit baynes got fucked up
Fuck the refs 
What the fuck have we done to deserve this
This is going to be brutal without Kyrie 
2 points in 6 minsutes fuck me
Holy shit what a tough quarter 
Scary Terry will save us 

(Maybe? I Hope?)
What the fuck was that
Brown needs to wake the fuck up.
Kyrie out for the game
Fuck! Kyrie out the whole game. 
Holy fucking shit just call everything on us WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING
This is almost comically bad.
26% shooting? Jesus fucking christ, i know Irving and Horford are injured, but for fucks sake, SOMEONE MAKE A SHOT!
Looks like I picked the wrong night to quit drinking
We seriously need a scorer on the bench for this team
When Brad Stevens is your coach, the real game doesn't start until the 2nd half.
I spent all of my Birthday money on tickets for the heat game and now i might not even see kyrie :( 
Kyrie could be out for weeks. This is very bad. Fuck this season.
Omg is Shane Larkin secretly Kyrie?!
Tommy took a look at Dwight in the shower. He was disappointed. 
Larkin about to take over this game 
Larkin game
Fuck Howard. I think I actually hate him. So gross.
wtf Larkin is my dad now
This is pathetic officiating. ABSOLUTELY FUCKING CLEAN FOR TATUM.
FUCK DWIGHT 
What a terrible fucking call on Tatum
FUCK DWIGHT HOWARD
Fuck Dwight Howard and fuck literally every team he's ever played for. 
Those refs are awful
Howard is such a fucking baby
Are you fucking kidding me with this officiating? This is terrible
Howard you stupid little bitch, bum ass player
Fucking scrub ass Howard
Fuck Dwight Howard.
HOWARD SUCKS, HOWARD SUCKS
LETS FUCKING GO!!! THIS IS OUR GAME NOW!!!
DWIGHT HOWARD ISN'T DISAPPOINTED WHEN HE GETS A RAISIN COOKIE INSTEAD OF A CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE 
Nader is useless
This game has been brutal.
Baynes is fucking horrible today.
Can’t fucking believe this game
Well we were due for a game like this, I guess. 
Holy crap kaminsky is dirk now
Hey guys it's still the 1st half we haven't even had any time for the Brad Stevens halftime affect yet! #CHINSUP
I think Jaylen has small hands
AB HE'S SCARY TERRY 

HE IS VERY SCARY 
What the fuck was that morris
Maybe hack-a-Howard for the rest of the game?
Dwight pulls down Marcus by his arm and only then gets a tech for overreacting like a little bitch. Theis breathes and gets four fouls. I mean fucking come on. 
SCARY
Poor Yabu. 
Howard with that punchable fucking face 
Where the fuck are Baynes pick and pop
This game disgusts me, holy shit.
That should hopefully be the worst we play right?
Jaylen struggling real bad. Cant even find the dunk
Fuck concussions fuck injuries 
Oh what the fuck 
What the fuck man 
When it rains it pours :(
Jaylen has been fucking atrocious tonight
Wtf happened there with Jaylen?
Refs knew they fucked up so they call makeup foul
As if we didn't have enough going against us already. This is fucking bullshit.
3 fucking phantom calls... including a steal by Tatum that turned into 4 point turnaround... fuck these refs.. not like Hornets needed any help 
Jaylen is 1 for 10 :(
This officiating has been abysmal, absolutely fucking abysmal
did the celtics fuck these refs mothers? why do they hate us so much?
Marcus is my favorite player but shit man this might be his worst game offensively ever and that's saying quite a bit. 
Fuck these refs
Fouls on EVERY FUCKING POSSESSION
it's a 12 point game...
I feel so bad for Brown, worst shooting performance by him 
Desperately need a 3 to fall.. 
Why are we settling for dumb threes?? Move the fucking ball 
Dude what are these refs calling? wtf
these refs are brutal
THEIS LET'S FUCKING GOOOOO
I AM SO FUCKING MAD AT THIS FUCKING GAME. FUCK YOU REFS!!!!
FUCK YEAH
Don't get frustrated, get even, then take the lead.
Kemba is ice cold
/u/3ITKH probably creaming himself over this game. 
Sorry for ever doubting you Shane Larkin 
I'm fucking HYPED this teams badass
Jaylen fucking Brown!
Tatum is our MVP this game.
WHAT THE FUCK ARE THESE REFS DOING
THE SMALL GUY
Another horrific call. 
He’s fucking leaning!  Bullshit call
This is insane. This team/organization/coach has so much heart. This is some special shit we’re seeing with this coach/GM/ownership and a legit fan base 
The Hornets have only scored 3 points this quarter and 22 since the half. Absolutely suffocating defense.
I don’t see why you take Larkin out of the game. He’s playing his ass off on both ends. I’d like to see a Larkin-Brown-Tatum-Morris-Baynes lineup to end. 
Hornets Defensive Game plan: fall over, get the charge
Hornets Offensive Game plan: moving screen, fall over, get FTs
Fuck I want this W so bad now
Morris is just going to be that kind of player all year. Takes stupid shots but makes just enough of them so we don't stay mad at him.
WTF HAPPENED SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME I️ HAD TO STOP WATCHING HALF WAY THRU THE 3RD
What the fuck no way
Jesus fucking Christ..
No way that is a fucking out of bounds. 
What a fucking bull shit call
....Yeah, he's over the line. Sorry Tommy.
Fuck these refs... 
FUCKING MORRIS BABY !!!!!!!!
Fuck yeah! Defense baby 
ref shouldn't break the game
FUCK ME
What in the fuck even is this
game
Fuck this shit 
Wait, why the fuck did the Hornets get the ball? Rozier wasn't out
Big fucking play from Morris. 
Wow Morris, way to make up for it. Holly crap!
Does this game thread still hate Morris?
WHAT. A. GAME.
What the fuck just happened guys...
How the fuck we pulled that off is beyond me but THE STREAK CONTINUES FELLAS
No stitches, concussion  or broken nose please. 
“ITS NOT LUCK” why was that the slogan last year? Fucking awful


EDIT: this is in response to unlucky injuries 
Is it bad if I kinda wanna kill baynes rn?
this might the worst quarter of basketball I've seen from the C's so far this season
I think we're due for an angry Jaylen appearance tonight 
MORRIS HOLD THE FUCKING BALL WHAT ARE YOU DOING
Big hoop but that is also another bad shot 
ooo bloody nose,kyrie got nailed in the face
What's worst case for Kyrie? Broken nose? How long does that take to heal and when will he be back?
I can't take another marcus brick im sorry
man it's so weird seeing all this patriotic stuff 
(I'm not American)
Hack a howard is useless if you miss open FT line jumpers. 
RIP the game 
I'm sad... I'm just sad :(
I'm no expert but I think you need to get hit in the nose REALLY fucking hard for it to result in a concussion. I'm hopeful for Kyrie and Horf next game
Marcus needs to go to Maine. He's literally shooting us out of the game. 
I’m a Jaylen stan but god damn this has been a terrible stretch for him
PALMING? ARE YOU FUCKING 
Fuck the refs
Stupid shot by Morris
Morris why the fuck would you take that
Jaylen Brown with the worst foul, and transition defense of the game... fuck kid.
Mook what I'm the fuck are you thinking dude
Ugly fucking game
Smart is pathetic. Basically a turnover every single time he puts up a shot. 
I like the shot by Morris actually. But the effort to rebound after that fucked our transition D.
Tatum about to go off. Fuck a bum ankle.
We've gotta exercise some restraint on the stats bot during the game. Call me a doomsdayer, but the thread could spiral out of control.
Fuck
the offense looks broken without horford 
wtf
oh fuck I hope his nose isn’t broken
Hey at least you don't play with your face !
Jeesus fuck me 
Kyrie smells the blood in the water now, Hornets fucked
At the game, hard to tell how serious it is. How's he look? 
Nose broken? We are about to see masked Kyrie 
Damn it. Of course another starter is injured. Hopefully it isn't anything serious.
Aw crap....
fuck I hope kyrie is alright
C'mon baynes wtf
jeez, ice cold so far tonight
This could get ugly
is kyrie coming back?

Sorry just got the news
#SMALL BALL BASKETBALL IS COMING
tommy is fucking mad
What's up with kyrie ?  At the game and can't tell anything. 
Terrible first quarter. 
BALL DONT LIE FUCK THE REFS
I mean...at least nader will shoot it. Idk if it will go in but he will shoot it
Marcus, just fucking stop.
Nader breakout game
WTF IS THEIS SUPPOSED TO DO THERE
that's a load of shit, kyrie out the rest of the game
FUCK
Oh fuck me 
Anyone else noticing jaylens D is all over the place? Seems he's bad at recovering on pick and rolls 
FUCK THIS SHIT!!!!
fuck my life are you SERIOUS
fuck it
This injury shit is fucking absurd  
FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FUCK FI CKING FUCKING CKR U DBXHDCEJDHDJD B IX HOOK ZDHCJF
Doesn’t matter how bad we’ve been, the ball just doesn’t want to go inside the basket,
holy shit this is ugly
Game. Set. Match.
brown needs to have a breakout game now
even jaylen is very bad right now. probably 10 turnovers already. brad is here right? why our defense became so bad. 
Fuck injuries, fuck em so much
Game isn't over guys 

Just tuned in late. What happend to ky.
The shooting has been unsustainably bad. There will be a comeback.
FUCK YEA TOMMY FUCK YEA
Scary Terry career game tonight let’s do it 
Fuck injuries. 
Fuck it. Grab some random jabroni from the stands and put him in
Just got back from class wtf happened here?
Give up the offensive board then a pussy and 1

Fuck this game 
Couldn’t catch the game tonight but I see Kyrie had a concussion. How scared should I be?
So fuck Dwight Howard. 
TAKE THIS GAME OVER TATUM
Just got home to turn the game on.

Fuck this season with injuries.

Is Brown's 2 fouls legit or soft calls?
Well, since today just became a Blanque Cheque game, go Jay^2!
REFS YOU FUCKING COCKS
The refs are just guessing tonight. Fucking disgraceful
I guess defense is.. illegal?
FUCK MJ AND HIS BAGGY JEANS.
Blatant over the back on Howard..... 
I predicted something like this would happen 5 minutes into the game. These refs are garbage.
This is the worst fucking game I’ve ever seen called
FUCK HOWARD
I've only watched this game for 10 min and I hate the refs
Dwight Howard is fuckin dirty man
We will fuck em up, they think they can come to our house and boss us around! No way freakin Jose
Marcus would have fucked up Howard
This game could get real ugly real fast
The Refs had been brutal this year.
I just tuned in.... They said kyrie got elbowed... How bad was it? 
fuck Brown cant find bucket again
https://twitter.com/NBCSCeltics/status/929159085953560577

Ruthless
what happened to irving i joined the party late
Come on boys, we can lose, but not like this.  We can’t be this bad without our stars or we’re not going to make it.  Make every possession count and slow it down!!
We are getting rekt on the boards, at least it looks that way to my eyes. Stark difference from the Laker game.
What the fuck were you doing there Yabusele?
Brad just fucking put Yabu in his place... "FOUL HIM!" thats why yuou're out there dancing bear.
awful call... but Terry, you gotta know that they're calling that by the way this game has gone.
fuck me
Well, that game stinks 
Late to the game. What happened ? :/ 
Life is not fucking fair 
Fuck man this is a rough one 
Put those Navy guys/girl in the game
Jaylen is always doing a lot of cardio work behind the team during shoot around while everyone else is shooting. I never see him shooting
why is jaylen do bad at finishing his dunks, I don't get it
What is Brad going to do after this game?
Give up the fucking ball Jaylen. I'm tired of this 1 on 1 shit
Thank fuck hes in
Fuck. We need to burn some sage, light some incense, sacrifice some goats and offer votive candles. This bad luck needs to stop. 
What the fuck is this
This is unbelievably frustrating
I say Tatum iso for the rest of the game
Fuck dirk kaminsky
I don’t want to criticize the refs, buuuut what game are they reffing? Hornets vs the spread?
His hands are by his fucking sides and he acted like he got hit in the face. This is bullshit.
this game is proof the earth is flat
Jesus Marcus fucking stop.
There’s zero heart in this game
What a game for the troops
fuck that, zeller fell on him!
Tatum will deliver us from evil 
While our shooting has been awful, Smart & Brown, the refs are making up pathetic phantom calls 
this ref needs to get knocked the fuck out
Holy shit the fucking officiating is some of the worst I've ever seen
This game is horrible all around, sucks for the troops.
HE WASNT IN THE CIRCLE WHAT THE FUCK
This reffing is atrocious 
Larkin :(
Refs are so bad 
This is hard to watch 😐
Ugh rebounding has been brutal
What’s the weighted average age of our roster this game? I’d be curious to know 
Havent felt frustrated by the refs yet this season.. Definitely frustrated tonight, these calls are whack
6 POINT GAME
Fuck yes!
lets fucking GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Fuck yea
Make this your game, Tatum 
Please no more concussions 
Don't get me wrong, this game is still an epic shitshow - but you have to like the fight. 
Fuck I wish I was there 
TAKE THAT LEAD BABY WHAT THE FUCK
FUCK YEAH!
LETS FUCKING GO LARKIN U GETTIN PAYED BABY!!!!
Oh look smart touches the ball and something bad happens. 
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!
HOLY FUCK!
WTF!!
Dude wtf Jaylen looks soo fucking angry
That fucking dive what the fuck
Fuck me.
LET'S FUCKING GO BOYS! 
REFS WHAT IS THE FUCKING MEANING OF THIS
The little guy!
Shut the fuck up Dwight 
Howard is tilting hard
#Fuck These Refs, and Fuck the Lakers
HOW THE FUCK CAN YOU MAKE THESE CALLS
I feel bad for Steve Clifford. This Charlotte team is fucking awful... Just really, and truly horrendous 
Give it to Tatum and get the fuck outta the way.
Ive never loved basketball and hated it at the same time like I do rn
What a fucking team effort goin on rn! 
Goddamn this game.
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy 

Oh wait, that's just me watching this game
Morris just bailed out himself and Brad out

No 2 for 1?  

Make makes up for the miss on the bad shot
Guys what the fuck even is Marcus Morris. What is this guy.
Smart by Tatum there, not going up for the stupid contest on Kemba and giving him the and 1
ah fuck
FUCK
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha holy fuck
Fuck these refs
Refs won the game
NO WHAT THE FUCK NO HES NOT OUT OF BOUNDS HOW THE FUCK ARE THEY THIS BAD 
GO FUCK YOURSELVES REFS
FUCK YEAH
Genuinely shocked Kemba missed it
FUCK YOU REFS WELL BEAT YOUR BITCH ASSES TOO. GO SUCK A FAT NUT.
This team is resilient as fuck
What the fuck is this game. 
Smart is atrocious man. 
Don't throw down fucking dunks if you're not going to make them!!!
The game thread in r/charlottehornets is laughable. 
Seriously, Rozier? Take him to the rim.
To all the people shitting on Morris just a minute ago. GTFO. It was a wide open 3. He would have been stupid not to take that. 
Smh Smarts been playing like shit lately. Can’t make a three yet still takes them, plays to hard of d where he lets defenders go by him. Settle down man. 
REALLY dumb foul by Theis

He has 4 fouls and we need him this game
Folks. It's a one possession game.



#GET HYPED
What a dumb shot by morris
FUCK YOU MORRIS. Cut him. Bum. Bum fucking play.
Why the actual fuck would Morris shoot that with a brand new shot clock. Fuck!

Edit: thought I‎t was Rozier. At a bar so I‎t was hard to tell 
Marcus Smart has been so fucking BAD I CANNOT STAND IT CHRIST
Oh fuck, we took out Tatum and put in Brown. 
This should ve been Browns opportunity to take over a game, but it just goes to show he's a role player, will never be a star
It is not that hard to make a layup. It just isn't. 
This is some really shitty basketball. I get we’re missing kyrie Hayward and al, but this is some really bad play
As a team we’re shooting worse than Lonzo Ball. Wtf 
This is some of the worst basketball I've ever seen in my life, it's like a recreation league for 8-9 year olds on a Saturday morning.

Go damn I hope Irving can get back into this game tonight. And Smart I love you for your defense but stop shooting the fucking ball.
Rozier you fuck dick
When do teams start Hack a Jaylen? He's so bad at the line
Besides being bad Yabu is dumb, how does this guy have a roster place on a professional NBA team
Our bench is weak af, this game shows it
I'm a Dwight fan :/
Can Nader just fucking get off the court
Fuck you Morris. I don’t care you made that 2. @ me
Absolutely fuck you morris this game is on you
I absolutely hate Rozier. Make a fucking layup man. 
This will be a tough game. Hate to say it, but we're obviously due for a loss.
Jaylen is really terrible.  
He can't shoot, dribble, catch. He can't do anything.
stupid pass.
Softest fucking move in the world Morris😂 wtf 
All this performance does is show just how bad guys like Rozier and Marcus truly are on offense. We need them to step up, and they don't. 
can't fault Morris for that shot, wide open, stepped into it... fuck Jaylen for his trash transition defense and his horrible foul.
I have no idea what the fuck Jaylen is trying to do
I mean you can't just let the guy drive down the lane. 
Fuck Abby Chin

:(
Oh come on we're not that bad. 
I always get reminded as to why I don't visit the game threads anymore whenever this team faces any kind of adversity. Terrible reactions.
I wish they had :( put money on them beating the spread of 3. But even after the injury at the beginning those refs were AWFUL
I think you spelled Dwight Howard wrong lollllllz
They're all "turning the game off" yet somehow still have shit to talk. Sometimes it's sucks this sub grew so big this summer. 
seriously
This ain't just a bad game man.

We've been fucked over by injuries night in night out.
What happened? Can't watch the game at the moment...
It's absolutely ridiculous 
You see em you send em my way and I'll fuck em up with all of Australia.
Just missed out on tix. Wanted to be there so bad.
He fucking should
I literally counted the same thing. Wtf
Kyrie is out for the game, and feels like everyone else is too. But I have hope. 
Just cold shooting. Shots that usually go in aren't. Plus, Baynes is having trouble getting out to the 3-point line to cover his guy, who's been hitting threes. They're going under screens a little.
The Hornets are awful
Fucking Sam
The playoffs shirt. Unfortunately I'm kinda in an airport and not even watching the game. This sucks
I'm so fucking tired of the "I'm done with Marcus posts". Fuck off, by the end of this game he'll be our hero like he always is 
The Hornets are bad. 
I don't care if we lose a game. I care that we can't seem to go 2 quarters without a serious injury.
Instead he demolishes Kyrie... fuck
It's truly sad
eh when we are definitely tanking it's not the worst at least then we have no expectations and can just stare in awe at Brad
Dude, fuck that bitch, you can't be doing that to The Truth!
I mean it was just wrong place at the wrong time
Weird to think that in the 80s and 90s all the injured guys minus Hayward would be playing on.
Fuck a week. I want him living in Kyrie's basement, karate kid and Mr. Miyagi montage-type shit.
Yype his 5th foyl dude tried to pants him and he gets called for a foul without touching anyone nba refs suck worst of any sport
Credit where credit's due...that was fucking filthy 
But tonight has been especially bad offensive night for the guy. No doubt 
I was alittle upset with him earlier when he was writing it off as a loss but can't stay mad at tommy to long! 
It doesn't even matter, seems like no one can hit a shot besides Shane fucking Larkin
Rozier breakout game coming
Another one :(
I suspect they are probably managing his game time due to the ankle.
Yes please, also desperate for this clip
> should of 

 Did you mean should've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
He shoots well in the clutch but takes awful shots and misses badly at all other points in the game
Can't believe how negative some of these dudes are
Baynes accidentally nailed Kyrie in the face with his elbow ... Kyrie was coming from behind and Baynes had no idea he was there.
I've always hated this mother fucker
FUCK WISCONSIN
He's tough but he can't even breathe on a Hornets player this game 
Elbowed in the nose and is out for the game.
ACTUALLY WTF 
He was literally the third worst shooter in the league coming into the game. This is par for the course for him offensively.
Yeah they’re both shooting terrible. Brown has like 11 rebounds tho
FUCK DWIGHT COWARD
He still is having a bad game.
You fucked up
Still 1 possession game, not over yet
She strikes me as someone who works hard and takes it very seriously. 

Dude you're fucking savage ohsdegokijfg
a broken nose can lead to a concussion which can be months
Then you don't understand basketball. Even if it goes in, that's a terrible shot. Up 4 with 20 on the clock and 40 in the game you don't shoot it
Got his nose prob broken by all of Australia 
Yes sadly. He walked off the court with a bloody nose after being hit in the nose by Baynes's elbow  (unintentionally of course)
Yep got blasted in the face by a Baynes elbow 
It probably wasn't a cut and probably a nose bleed caused by at worst a broken nose. He'd also probably be checked for a concussion
Bloody nose
Accidental elbow from Baynes, left the court with bloody nose
Looked pretty bad, he was woozy and bleeding quite a bit 
Elbow to the face, checking for concussion + had bloody nose.
I feel like Daddy Brad would party hard. But no alcohol and everyone has to be in bed by 10. But other than that FUCKING RAAAAGGEE
...this comment made me realise my stream is behind :(
Seriously I watched him make that shot 700 times on the way to their national title run the my freshman year in college.
May not have updated the scouting report.  He was bad from 3 last year.
Brutal
A 3ITKH comment is not a good comment.
I think I may honestly hate you, which is strange because your just an online presence 
no out for the game 
I'm sorry that Larry Bird isn't around to finger ur asshole, but these players are what we have and all I've seen you do is shit on them. FOH fake fan
no one cares, go to ur boring ass sub
Its total fucking armageddon /s 
What? We all ruthlessly trashed him for not passing during summer league 
You full of shit I just saw you say he was a bust. If thats not hating IDK wtf is. If you wanna hate, then hate, but dont teeter back and forth.
Marcus got fucking KO’d on the Pick what can you do? Sometimes it just happens
No Henry don't give in to the hate
Don't know why u got downvoted. It's facts :/
Like his game but fuck his personality 
You're a fucking idiot. I bet you had no idea about the 2 minute rule before they explained it on the broadcast. Fucking fraud.

Yabu is a rookie who hasn't even played 100 minutes in the NBA and English is his THIRD language.
dude shut the fuck up not baynes fault.
Shut the fuck up
Fuck you
The fuck is this shit?
FAKE NEWS
Would you prefer that he doesn't try to rebound? God damn you are idiotic.
You are the worst Kyle 
The refs have been awful 
You don’t talk about Tommy like that. Get the fuck outta here!!!
Yes. Yes it is. Jesus Fucking Christ
you’re dumb 
Fuck you
I'd  fuck Abby Chin.
FUCK YEAH WE WILL
Shit, is she not? My bad. Im ill-informed :(
It's almost a completely different set of users posting when the team is doing well, or doing poorly. All these haters slither out from under a rock and then disappear when the team has a good game, pathetic. 
It's definitely frustrating. Saw some guy say IT would have stayed in the game and Kyrie being a bitch. before he ninja deleted his comment after 10 downvotes. If we lose we lose, but no point risking Kyrie over 1 game.
But seriously and all jaylen is mj style memery aside... Jayson Tatum literally looks like an unmissable, undeniable superstar. 
damn, 57.1% 3PT!!! 33 points a game too!!! holy shit jonas
fuck you
YOU DOUBTING NOW MUTHFUCKA?  Get the fuck out of here you homophobic piece of shit.
Sorry for the bad english.
Awful 
What a fucking season
Fuck those are like Lonzo ball numbers 30% fg..
bad shooting game but i will take the W at least he try to get board
I understand but a fadeaway midrange shot is not good could’ve drove it or something 
But this is a serious valley. Has been a brutal few games 
I just started five minutes ago. His three pointer was off and looked pretty bad
bad bot
Same man. We all thought the worst right away 
I know that but when he got hit did u instantly know it was bad?
Jesus, we can't catch a break. Was it bad, or just shook him? 
does he have small hands?  I've always felt like he does but I don't know hand sizes
Oh oops.  I've been trying to keep the ones about just Charlotte over there but ended up in the wrong one here.
I meant hacking dwight and him missing Ft's, everything else is atrocious
Always do. Literally every game we're hurt. They got them Atlantic Division banners doe. 
Doesn't change that your fan base is failing to lose gracefully. 
Fuck you too bitch 
I mean that wasn't his name.
Oh at that range you don't even worry about going under because the worst case is you cede the midrange.
Would you prefer that he doesn't try to rebound? God damn you are idiotic.
We would have literally had the last possession of the game at worst tied.
Doesn’t change the fact the game isn’t over, therefore there is no lose yet. Only trailing and no we don’t trail gracefully. Get the fuck over it or get out of our subreddit. 
fuck
Last I checked that doesn't change that you failed to act like adults.

Plus, as it was pointed out, game's not over.
Hornets suck donkey dick bro. Kyrie, Hayward, Horford....

Retire the franchise, move it to Seattle, do something. This is terrible. 
Right. And that's pathetic as it means you clearly just get on here to troll. If you don't care, why bother posting at all?
I'm here to comment about the game, not stress over how people on the internet perceive me. 
Not sure whether to upvote or downvote 
I don't hate our odds with that injury report -- Horford completely changes how you can play
Kemba might get one or two because he's nasty BUT NOBODY ELSE
I doubt Tatum would be playing a second if there were any lingering issues with his ankle. No way we would risk it for a random game like this.
He did some silly things to Tatum though too.
Conclusion: *Tupac voice* fuck Lonzo Ball, fuck Magic Johnson, fuck the Lakers as a staff, organization, and as a motherfucking crew, and if you want to be down with the Lakers, then fuck you too.
We wondered if 3 players who need the ball in their hands could play offense together.

Nope, they can't. At least not yet. But it looks extremely doubtful.
Melo is pretty terrible 
Ojeleye > Grant

Baynes > 2Pat

Scary III Bitch > Abrines
Danny doesn't do it for some worthless politicized award, he does it to hang banners for the Celtics and solidify his legacy as a Celtic. 
Tread carefully when you talk about Kemba...some of us here are also Uconn fans...and Kemba is a fucking God.
Fuck Kemba n fuck the Hornets go C's!!!
Shit two seasons ago we still had the worst social media dude in the league shit would be : Celtics up 5 end of half. Evan Turner with the "Slam Dunk!" 

Was literally someones dad tweeting 
> Kadeem Allen

You mean Jabari Bird.
Scary Terry statsbot
Hayward Statsbot   :(
They just responded, /r/nba will not allow it :(
Wow that’s fucked 
Bullshit :( 
Even that FT% is brutal 
Came here because this might be the funniest one liner post I’ve ever seen in this sub... ended up feeling weirdly guilty about being 26 and lovin HP
and kelly had that one game 7 showing...

but 82 games of grossness
Not sure of Peter pan Peanut Butter, but Jif is the GOAT peanut Butter
Yeah fuck Patrick O'Neil
He said that Boston knows that “he won’t return on the court at all this season” in his recent blog. Highly doubtful he makes a return this season.
game 4*
There’s no way we make it past golden state without them tho :( 
You're not a sack of shit; I'M a sack of shit!
I live in LA so I have to watch a lot of Lakers, from what I can tell the Rob,magic, and Luke regime are drafing and looking for guys that they want for their system and randle doesn't fit in the system and he's not magics guy so that means he's expendable. Which I think is stupid because if you are a bad team and have talent you should take advantage of it.
There’s no way. He’s been doing it at random points during games for years. That’s definitely just instinctually ducking to avoid getting hit. 
Or he has been noticing the reports on the effects of concussion coming from the NFL and realizes it's not something to fuck with. Concussions are bad man
Look at the videos? Are you fucking blind? He watches the ball for 3 seconds and then somehow gets surprised? He fights for rebounds all game long but somehow when the play stops he's afraid of the ball? The fuck? 
Take it one game at a time 
That Charlotte game feels like a tough one but I like us to go 4-1
2-3 wouldn't be too disappointing all things considered.  I'm betting 3-2.  4-1 or 5-0 is gravy.
Why?

Edit: Fuck Cleveland
ill remember this
If he’s questionable for tomorrows game, no way he’s out 2-4 weeks. I wouldn’t be surprised if he missed 2-4 games, but not 2-4 weeks. 
Hayward still games. He plays League of Legends from time to time. He even streams on twitch. Usually in the off-season though.
fuck LoL...sc2 fo life
I mean there are [other examples](https://twitter.com/JazzNationNews/status/497243073806876672)
Decision making, vision of the game, mental resilience, work ethic. I can see some common points between pro gamers and pro athletes.
Kyrie might be batshit crazy but at least his pops is on point

EDIT: don't get me wrong, I love Kyrie but cmawn, dude says some crazy shit.
Kyrie doesn't seem crazy to me. Just seems gullible and susceptible to falling for crazy theories.  
After watching that Dave Chappelle interview again yesterday, people who call Uncle Drew crazy need to back the fuck down 
I dunno man. You heard all these “boos” lonzo got whenever he got the ball in his hand? You know why that is? Its because his father’s got a massive mouth (and a big head)

I’m just sayin, imagine being hated because of what your father says about you. 
Autocorrect sucks
I mean, he graduated with a 3.7 GPA and took SAT classes so that he could get into Duke. His father is a BU grad. So he's not a total idiot.

http://stepienrules.com/2011-articles/kyrie-camp-cleveland.html
Yeah, I don't think Lonzo deserves the hate. Not at all.
Bad press got an idiot elected president, I'm sure the Lavar attention has helped the family make money
He reminds me of one of those parents form the documentary Trophy Kids.  

After coaching JV football for a few years, those parents are the fucking worst and make the kids lives hell. 
Ohhh you MaD!!!! You taking this shit way to fuckin serious that y you responded fam stay mad fam lol
I heard he wasn't in his usual shape coming in because he was with his mom the majority of summer 
The Cavs are sick on the inside. 
Terribly underutilized and just in a slump

Jae: 7/3/1/38.5 FG%/ 31.2 3PT%

Kelly: 10/6/2/54.3 FG%/ 50.2 3PT%

Kellys doing fine out of Brads system


I was called a moron for suggesting he would drop back to his career 3 pt %, but so far it's even worse than I thought 
This is something that makes sense. Like, obviously it conveniently shields him from a lot of criticism, but that's because you gotta give a dude the benefit of the doubt when something terrible like that happens.
I mean 40+40=80
moore always had some game though..
oh wow. That is horrific.
As long as they are paying Mahinmi $16 million a year they will have no depth and a tough cap situation
Absolutely. No matter how ridiculous of a shot Kobe took, I was always scared it was going in. 
Before the ray Allen shot lebron made like 9 consecutive points, and in 15-16 he carried the Cavs averaging a triple-double in the finals man and before the Kyrie shot he made that fucking block
That’s a ridiculous take Kobe was a beast before that and during those finals. 
IMO he didnt become a God slayer until game 6 vs the Celtics in the 2012 ECF
That Ray Allen game was also one where LeBron had a triple-double
I meant when he gets there, the context usually used to look at greats, 6/6 3/8, 5/7
Screw you for asking the impossible of us. I’m trying to decide what singlet to buy and I just might end up buying Irving, Hayward, Tatum, Brown, Baynes, and Adams from OKC cos he’s a Kiwi!!!
you mean Steven "I dont know how to handle Baynes" Adams?
You mean other than AD and Baynes?
😜
Really hope they're back Sunday!  I hate losing to the Craptors. 
If he's not OK, take him leave
now we just need dad back :( cmon Al
Yeah after Thursdays Game we get a Long break too, next game is on Tuesday I Believe. If his ankle is still sore tomorrow I'd rather him just relax and heal up and look forward to Tuesday
It makes sense. Example. Hey Doc is my leg broke?
“Negative” says the doc. Meaning no. 
Negative for pathology
Mate, that was really bad. 
CBS Local app -> choose Boston. Then you’ll have access to 98.5 which is what station the game is usually broadcasted on
Because it's stupid. Incredibly idiotic to think such a thing let alone say it
He's obviously not a smart young man. He believes in a flat earth, that we didn't land on the moon, and other ridiculous nonsense. And he's a role model to kids whether he likes it or not. That he goes out and espouses these views, claiming that he arrived at them after "research" is dangerous. And it's especially dangerous in the climate we have today where the president and his political party engage in denials of reality every single day. It opens the door for people to disregard reality because they don't like it. That's deeply unhealthy and dangerous.

It's not the worst thing in the world for Kyrie to believe in a flat earth, but I'm not okay with it and never will be. I'll never be okay with people spreading ignorance, especially when they couch it the way that Kyrie does, saying he arrived at his conclusions after questioning things and doing research.
Because believing the Earth is flat is an embarrassingly stupid thing to believe, I cringe every time he says it 
Stop all this “role model” crap lol. He’s a basketball player and if kids wanna look at him for science then their the idiots
That’s bullshit. He’s a basketball player, if kids look to him for science then their the idiots
Kids that look to a basketball player for science are the idiots
Was going to upvote, but you made a typo calling other people idiots ✌
Asking stupid questions is not a sign a logic or reasoning skills. It is a sign of ignorance. Knowing "both models" doesn't make you more knowledgeable when one of the models is not based on scientific research, but rather silly conspiracy theories. 

Accepting things for what they are after science has thoroughly explained why and how is not being "blindly acquiescent." 
Yeah agreed. I mean, would you rather have a flat-earther on your team or a wife beater on your team? 
An unquestioning serf such as yourself is too arrogant and blind to understand that just as religion is used as a tool of mind-control, so is "Science" in this case. 
How does making it based in religion any less stupid?  It doesn't matter why, it's stupid. It's easily disprovable
I imagine you're probably an idiot.
I don't totally understand this line of thinking, just because there are worse things he could have said doesn't mean we shouldn't criticize him for saying something ignorant. 
> What keeps them from crashing down?

That's the bone of contention. "They" don't crash down because they don't fucking exist, serf.
He explained why. I said it didn't matter why. He then said he agreed and said he was just explaining why. I again said it didn't matter why. How difficult is this?
Why can’t they all be bad?
Something not being of interest to you is not the same thing as not being relevant.

You saying the reason why Kyrie believes the world is flat is irrelevant to the fact that Kyrie believes the world is flat is wrong. It is literally cause and effect. 

Also, "It doesn't fucking matter" is not the same thing as "it doesn't fucking matter to you". Do you understand that? If you do, reread your posts
Dammit, Horf  probs out for the Raptors game aswell then. Interesting that Jayson has questionable, maybe it isnt as bad as they think and he'll play for limited mins off the bench? Thats the only reason I can think of for not just saying hes out for the Hornets game.
Confession time: my Hayward jersey came in on opening night. My Tatum jersey came in last night. This is all my fault :(

If Jayson can’t play in ATL next Saturday I’m gonna be heartbroken.
Same thing I was thinking, would've expected a doubtful based on how Ainge sounded
I like questionable!
Why do we play the Hawks in ATL again so soon? That's weird 
Cowherd sucks
I hate that people like Cowherd and Skip are on our side now
if i didn't literally have a broken dick, i would have finished
That damn dweeb Nick Wright sucks too
Man stfu, no ones worse than Max
Probably because he thinks it's unfair we have a guard who can set a screen like a big. It's not Marcus' fault he's thiiiiic. 
Dont forget he was a terrible player too!
I ordered the hoodie from the NBA store as soon as I noticed them during the game. Should ship today or tomorrow.
Yeah imagine him as a Horford lite coming off the bench. Would be nasty in our second unit. 
Clippers 1st for him isn't insane although the C's pick this year would be smarter
Whoever would trade for that package would have Randle's bird rights and could go over cap to re-sign him. They'd just have to have Deng's awful contract on their books for the next 2 years. 
Wrong
They are bad, but they aren't as bad as the really bad teams. Those teams *excel* at being bad. 
Unlikely to convey this year 
You write your fucking book Kyrie fuck what everyone else says idc how ridiculous the shit you say is I’m riding out this flat earth with you this is gonna be one hell of a chapter booooooy
Why does it bother you so much...what is so wrong with his statement?

You guys are the annoying ones making this "woke" thing into such a big deal. 
Fuck the Lakers
Kyrie Rozier Brown Morris Baynes. I want Scary Terry to get the start
When I told my wife that seats in our section were selling for $500/each for the retirement ceremony game, she said we should sell the tickets.  I said, "nooo wayy!".  After watching the video, she agreed.
FUCK
Hopefully it stays nothing serious.  They keep talking about the rookie wall, and maybe missing a few games now won't be the worst thing at the end of the season.
[oh](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/993/875/084.png)

EDIT: TBF, the post was indecipherable before the edit
It's tough going to school in Knicks/Yankees/Giants territory :(
Late in the game last night, the announcers said the indication from the Celtics was that it wasn't as bad as last year.
From what I've read it is just general soreness. Nothing bad to worry about.
What if he has Fultz disease of the ankle? Where nothing's wrong, he's just a bitch? That would be devastating. 
I was at the game, my voice is still raspy from screaming at Lonzo and giving the Lakers a horrible time. 
Lame attempt to get ratings by spreading a false/lazy/outdated narrative about Lou Merloni.
Are you serious?  His listeners were @ing her on twitter this week saying OMF were saying on air they wanted her to call in and argue the point on the show.  She said there's nothing to argue because Al's results speak for themselves.  
  
The narrative is that Merloni calls him 'Average Al' on air, which is clearly just a lazy radio shock jock who doesn't know basketball trying to ruffle feathers.  
  
So, the narrative isn't false or outdated, and the only lazy part is the basketball takes on that midday radio show.  
Game 7 Maple Dick died and from the ashes comes the Dingo Dick
Fuck the lakers
Injuries suck :(
I love watching this team. Everyone plays so hard on BOTH ends of the floor and, to borrow a phrase from another sport, DOES THEIR JOB. And you get to watch the Kyrie Irving show every game! And you get to watch the rookies develop/play like 5 year vets! I wouldn't trade spots with any other fanbase in the NBA. I missed the Hawks game and am still fucking bummed about that. Not making that mistake again, if I can help it.       
Damn, already a game tomorrow night. Our boys need some rest... some much-needed rest. Our offense was nonexistent for a portion of the game, there is no denying that. Kyrie couldn't get into the paint having to battle Lopez without Al, and with him struggling beyond the perimeter, boy did that make me nervous. And as it should have.  While our bench didn't let the Lakers rally to take the lead, that was some ugly ass basketball. Nobody could score a bucket for us, and then we let the Lakers have their way on the other end of the floor. Even if Tatum returns, until Horford is back, we're going to have to pray the bench fends for themselves out there. Thank God Baynes and Theis were snatching boards and lingering around the rim to tap balls in and rebound. That and the Lakers were turning over the ball like maniacs...
Jaylen Brown
Fuck the Lakers
Boogie Banner 18
All of Australia
There were like 12 missed layups that would've made the game a breeze but Kyrie going 1v5 on that one play was one of the nastiest Celtics highlights of all time. Seriously. 
Hey guys! Just wanted to tell you... FUCK THE LAKERS
So what's going on with Smart's shooting?  Maybe it's small sample size again, but he seems completely unable to score inside the arc.  He's shooting 35.7% in the restricted area, 33.3% in non-restricted area paint, and 8.3% on midrange shots.  That's 29.3% total for two pointers, which is literally worse than his three point shooting this year (32.6%).  In years past he unreliable and inconsistent.  Now he's reliably bad.
Absolutely frustrating game to watch. The C's were shooting so poorly. We need to be shooting better than we currently are, and with Tatum and Al out (at least for now) I fear for the worst. Hopefully I'm wrong and we kick Charlotte's ass.
Timi is our official video guy. Fuck NBA videos
Still crazy how he got drafted ahead of Brady tho
I know you're talking about the stereotypical "Sully", but, y'know, as much grief as he caused, I still miss Sully.  Can't believe he's out of the league already and in China so quickly, though.  Felt like just yesterday he was giving us hope of "if he just lost 20 pounds..." or "If he could just extend his range out another 2 feet..."
For the record outside of like 2 explosions Monk has been terrible. He's getting usage cause he runs their second units, which have been a mess unless he's with Jeremy Lamb. 

No doubt he's still in the mid/late lottery
Dude when Avery guard IT :(

The feels!
/u/larbrd33 [coming](https://streamable.com/gl1vb) through with some drop video memes lately
Sorry I posted without your permission, all credit goes to you
All credit goes to Kyrie with the sick dance moves.  Thanks for sharing it.  Making that made me giggle.
i tried to talk to a stranger about the celtics in faneuil hall one night cuz he was wearing a shirt that i also owned and he tried to fight me :(
Because he can't drive to save his life. He needs to get his handles under control and improve them or he will be another Jeff green. A Jeff green that cares and gives a 100% but still just a Jeff green and not the star we all know he can be
I was referring to his athleticism specifically, but yeah he gets stripped/loses his dribble an impossible amount
"LONZO SUCKS"
Get the fuck outta here with that round earth talk 
Keep fucking going 
It’s gonna be a scary sight 
Plus he lived in fucking Cleveland
Age and ego. I would imagine sharing a room with Lebron must be awkward.
Dude, the league is fucked NOW.
Sorry to say but every player in the NBA idolizes Kobe. 


I wouldn't expect you to get that though considering your post history is all anti anti jokes and displaying your fundamental misunderstandings of theology.
At least it wasn't Detroit 
1-8 for 3 and a a half quarters was kinda annoying. Went on a stretch of like 3 straight possessions with missed post up shot
=(

At least they not Detroit. Imagine going from Boston to Detroit..poor AB
Yeah.. Kelly is in Miami at least
Cleveland isnt bad but the Rock N Roll Hall of Fame is underwhelming
GET THAT WEAK SHIT OUTTA HERE 
Fake news media tried to hide it, can't hide the truth baby
Your getting trolled so hard bro
TOO LATE!
Gordon,Al,Jason....really tough for us.
WTF HE'S IN A WALKING BOOT?!?!?!?! THIS IS HAYWARD ALL OVER AGAIN!!!
I'm overreacting to "x-rays negative, MRI today."

I don't like battery-of-tests news.
I hate injuries. Seruously i takes away any momentum this team might have and it sucks. And we've been super unlucky since day 1. 

But with that being said, Jabari anyone?
Scary Terry can play 1 vs 5.
Well Jabari would only add to the injuries, unfortunately 
Poor Scal. Ainge told him he'd give him the DPE if he beat Hayward in the chair competition. Then Hayward skunked him and gave him one of the deepest burns I've ever heard.
WTF is going on 😢😢😢
just fuck me up jesus
FUCK THE LAKERS
Fuck the Lakers yo we should omit them from our stats or something
Turns out we aint that bad
Baynes thought of Olynyk in game 7 and was like "hold my hair tie"
Kyrie: Poor shooting night

Jaylen: Poor offensive game

Morris: Minutes restriction

Hayward: Out

Horford: Out

Tatum: Out

#Baynes: Don't worry guys, I got this!
A W is a W no matter how ugly. 

FUCK THE LAKERS 
FUCK THE LAKERS
IT WAS UGLY BUT I WILL TAKE IT NOW WHERES MAH BOOGIEEE

FUCK THE LAKERS!!!!!!
Baynes icing the game

[THE WINK](https://streamable.com/rfpzj)
Are we ever going to lose a game? Spoiler: No.
Can someone cut Baynes over Rorschach's face in [this scene from Watchmen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAHwnaYrk0k) with the dialogue "None of you seem to understand when you go small... I don't have to defend a wing...YOU HAVE TO DEFEND ME!"
FUCK
CAN I GET A FUCK THE LAKERS?!
FUCK THE LAKERS
Can anyone get the gif of kyrie on the sideline saying "this is bad basketball"?
##WE'RE NEVER LOSING ANOTHER GAME AGAIN
#FUCK THE LAKERS
Kyrie is so damn eloquent, I don't know how anyone can call him stupid. 
Lakers fan base gives me cancer
Man there's not many teams that can still compete without two of their all star players
Does I️t STILL feel weird for anyone else having Kyrie in green?
Didn’t watch the game but did something happen to Tatum? 
That was one of the worst offensive games I've ever seen from us in the 4th, until around the point where Kyrie and Morris came back in, jeez
Brad was the unsung hero of tonight per usual but he should have a night tonight as well

tatum in a walking boot... wtf
So is Ball a poor man's Ricky Rubio?
We gave you a fight, at least give us that you fucks....
A still shot of the kid with "LONZO SUCKS" written in marker on his belly:

https://streamable.com/yux5j
This man is filthy.
I firmly believe that, if I watch this after every game, we will never lose again. 
##FUCK
Fucking Oath mate
And he'll continue to be missed until he's back in action, he does so much for us. I'm still so shocked he's out.. I knew that blow to his head was painful, I remember that happening so vividly. Because he played so well the rest of the game, I stopped fretting :(
As a Redskins fan I️ think I’m bringing the curse. I️t happened with Washington and now it’s happening to Boston :(
Don't forget the motherfucker has three arms, so it's really an unfair advantage that had to be exploited.
Anything less than 81-1 is unacceptable!
Fuckkk fongos is drunk
what the fuck does this say?
I'm really amazed just how ugly that got. A lot of players were putting their bodies on the line like it was the playoffs. We were responding to our bricks by selling out hard for offensive rebounds. Our players seemed unwilling to lose this game at any cost.
fake injury to get other guys minutes.
FUCK THE LAKERS 
Eh wasn’t bad tbh
YOURE STUPID.

See?  Anyone can call anyone anything.
Injured, don't think it's serious
FUCK THE LA BEATEN.
They might be worse than Washington
I feel like half of them have been just as ugly.
Out late banging all our women.
His offense was awful... And he seemed invisible... Yet he still pulled down 11 boards which is a super positive sign. He stayed involved... I mean 9 & 11 isn't terrible. 
It wasn't as close as the score, yet in a way, it was closer?  Odd game, but you guys have some talent.  LBJ gets you there, I think.
Hey, why don’t you fuck off to the Lakers reddit where you belong? 
Positive is that they stick with it despite a bad shooting night and injuries 
Salty as fuck
Thanks man.  I don't mind you giving me shit.  I write some dumb things.  Fan forums would be boring if people always agreed with each other tho.
One of his Halloween costumes.  If I wasn't so lazy, I would have changed it green.  Oh well.
Too bloody right!
Also a redskins fan. at least we can mutually take blame here 
I actually randomly saw that before hand 
FUCK THE LAKERS X2
Even Jackson wasn't his usual terrible self tonight, he shockingly explained Xs & Os and provided actual analysis. 
And also this was a horrible game. The third quarter was like a girls high school game. Everyone on the court was atrocious.  OP is in opposite land
Wow.  I’m drunk and said some shit tonight, but that just made me blush!
Do explain, where do you see the improvement? I'm really open to suggestions because I wanna stop hating on Cobra. It's ridiculous when people go "I CANT WAIT TILL HE PROVES YOU WRONG AND IT BLOWS UP IN YOUR FACE" like wtf I want him to prove me wrong, it benefits everybody..
Everyone should know how to spell his name after that game.
WE ARE ALL DRUNK
You are so fucking drunk.
Me too, except he isn't gonna get Lonzo-kind of minutes :(
He's Finnish, of course he's drunk.
Offense is a bonus with this dude; plays hard D every minute he's in.
Shot fake into pass fake into throw down slamma jamma.
phew... thank god it wasn’t anything serious
FUCK
That can mean anything.  Is he going to have an MRI?  
That's a weird way to spell Jaylen
Is he still in the locker room?  If it wasn't serious he'd be on the bench 
Uh.  the fuck are you talking about?
some of you people have weird superstitions.  Are we not allowed to talk about the severity of injuries ?  
if you're seriously not aware of over presumptuous negative shit then you need to take a trip through your past comments and fix whatever makes you say this shit. 
They think it's a jinx if you talk about the worst case scenario.  Trump and lavar ball have people shook.  They think you can speak things into existence. 
I miss him so much :(
sad face
I had a weird thought that we have traded Jaylen for The Brow by the time Gordon comes back...

Dunno how I feel about it.
I respect the fuck out of this comment.
ruthless
Lots of charges this game 

How bad was it? I didn't see. 
:(
Fuck
"The Celtics are an after Thanksgiving sandwich, the Lakers are a plain peanut butter sandwich when you have to scrape the jar."
Dude making chicken, stuffing and cranberry sandwiches after Thanksgiving is lit
Scary Terry!!!
Let me get that absolutely disgusting image
Give me Mike and Tommy/Scal every game.
ESPN is awful. I'm sure they'll spend half the game talking about Lebron. 

Here's a drinking game idea:

Take a shot every time Mark Jackson says

"there goes that man" 
 
You'll be dead by halftime 
ESPN and TNT streams are literally so bad. They are always buffering and hiccuping and taking forever to catch up. Its weird that NBCsportsBoston has a better stream than ESPN and TNT
I am from Europe so I stream everything. Sadly can't find any NBC stream.
I think so. If his symptoms were as bad as before, he'd be locked in a dark room at home.
Absolutely, lots of serious concussions cause bad headaches, head and neck pain, noise sensitivity, etc.  If it was bad he wouldn't have been anywhere near the garden with the lights and sounds around him.
Oh fuck yes
I don’t think any team should feel bad for missing out on him. The guy just suddenly perfected his game in 1 summer. Give him credit and move on, there was no way to predict that. 
Ahem...


FUCK THE LAKERS
It truly warms my soul that every generation of Celtics fans has a reason to hate the Lakers
PSA: People watching the game in person at the Garden. Watch your belongings. The Big Bad Burglars are coming tonight and while the Chinese have [managed to catch one](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/08/sports/liangelo-ball-ucla-china-shoplifting.html?_r=0) of their number, one can never be too cautious. 
wtf this not on nbc sports boston?

Needed some Tommy Lakers hate in my life 
Jaylen seriously has to work on his handles
Of fucking course Jaylen knows how to spell it!
If kyrie is hurt we are really fucked 
I just realized how much I’m missing out not hearing Tommy go crazy over Baynes tonight
If tatum is injured i will be so fucking mad 
#WE'RE PLAYING LIKE WE MEAN IT NOW BOIS. TIME TO CLOSE THIS SHIT OUT.
WHAT THE FUCK WHY DO I HAVE TO WATCH THIS ON ESPN?
Tatum will make the lakers mad they passed on him
In the club seats tonight! [Pick ups] (https://i.imgur.com/7SoIRYm.jpg). BOOING LONZO FOR YA'LL. FUCK THE LAKERS.
Man some of y'all need antidepressants. It's a game of runs, our guys are playing hard and doing well while missing some key players 
Is espn going to even fucking acknowledge that our budding superstar is injured ?  
I thought that marcus pass was just an awful shot for a second
I'd pay to see Bayne's fuck my wife viking style

edit: don't have a wife but I prob would
Let's blow out this team so badly it demoralizes them and ruins their season enough to drop into the bottom 5. 
SCARY TERRY....what a dream quarter fuck the lakers 

The Celtics are shooting 41% right now. This has been a fucking horrible 3rd quarter
I think drafting a NBA ready prospect in Tatum has brought out some Jaylen haters. They seem to forget that he came in as a project and just because he’s not completely amazing in his 2nd year doesn’t mean he’ll be a bad player
Celtics shooting approximately -10% on layups tonight
Why no MVP Chants for Baynes :( 
I don't even care if we have to grind this out at the foul line I want this fucking W.
god fucking dammit lonzo is hard to look at
It's a testament to Jaylen's game that he can score 16 points a game all while not being involved in our half court sets. 
SCARY T3RRY
Fucking Scary
Kyrie's shot is not falling... :(
Now Kyrie too wtf is this 
Chill guys, Jaylen cant be lights out every game. At least he's playing solid D
Semis defense is fucking ridiculous 
Smart makes me so fucking mad sometimes but damn he is a fucking winner
I bet Al is dying to be on the floor in this game
God I fucking hate when games are on ESPN 
SCARY TERRY!!!!!!!!!!!
Jaylens handle is so bad sometimes 
I apologize if I've ever said anything bad about Marcus Smart, that dude is a fucking player.
Morris looking lonely on the bench :(
ESPN sucking the Lakers dicks so hard
That Baynes scream was so menacingly holy shit 
We miss Al. Kyrie has been getting baynes involved in the p&r a lot, and he is just not nearly as effective as al is
Jesus this game is so ugly
Ugly, but I'll take it

Just a fake photo I️ found 

https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/images/115334main_image_feature_329_ys_full.jpg
You guys are forgetting the secret:

Brad Stevens Halftime Adjustments™

No need to panic just yet
I would prefer for the Boston Celtics to beat the Los Angeles Lakers in their game of basketball tonight 
Jaylen has been really disappointing tonight
How the fuck does that not count.
Kyrie is showing some serious hustle on defense. 
Who's cutting onions with that Pierce tribute again 😢
KYRIE IS THE FUCKING GOAT HOLY SHIT 
OMFG HE'S A FUCKING SAVAGE!
OMG call the game! kyrie just killed them!
Commentator is an idiot. 
SCARY MOTHERFUCKING T3RRY ROZI3R!
SCARY MOTHER FUCKING TERRY! GAPPPPPPEEEEE
Do we even need our starters to play the rest of the game?
I know it's too early to panic but I can't handle us blowing a 21 point lead to the fucking Lakers
So what happened to Tatum anyway? Someone hit him? Did he take a hard fall? Etc? 
GIVE IT TO FUCKING BAYNES!
Wtf that was fucking basketball gore. BEAT LA. 
Bad mojo that quarter, let's go hard and close it 
Wtf is wrong with kyries knee now man 
FUCK THE LAKERS.
Let’s put Lavar in his fucking place.
Words cannot explain how much i FUCKING HATE the Fakers 
How the fuck they gonna take that away from Baynes
#Fuck The Lakers
HOLY FUCK 
fuck bazemore
These announcers are acting like Avery Bradley was a superstar that is impossible to replace. They won’t stop talking about him. 
Terry is terrifying

Scary motherfucking terry 
Scary Curry!
Fuck Draymond
OMG MARCUS THAT WAS SO MEAN!
Last couple of minutes have been really ugly 
Playin sloppy... let’s pick it back up!!
God damn these ESPN announces want the Lakers to do well so bad
Kyrie's been 0-5 from 3 today, not good
What's wrong with Kyrie's knee?
Larkin in = Lakers fucked

(Not joking)
Baynes has a little crazy eyes in him


I like it 
Those steals from behind by Kyrie are so sick
What the fuck does Kyrie have to do to get FTs? 
no Horford is tough. Kyrie's gonna have to ball out 
Fuck the Lakers!

fuck off refs are you serious 
No Mike and Tommy for this game? I need my Tommy fix :(
Lonzo night at ESPN is fucking lit 
Less than a quarter into this game and I already have pre cum on my boxers
Kyrie works really hard on the defensive end 
SCARY TERRY
#SCARY TERRY FOR THREEEEEEEEEE
FUCK THE LAKERS
SCARY TERRY SCARY TERRY SCARY TERRY SCARY TERRY SCARY TERRY SCARY TERRY SCARY TERRY SCARY TERRY
SCARY TERRY!!!!!
SCARY FUCKING TERRY
Tatum looks like a vet out there while Lonzo is trying to look like one and failing miserably
This game has got me so stressed fuck
I'm still shook.  "Ankle soreness" can mean anything.  I imagine they will have an MRI. 
WHAT THE FUCK IS WITH ALL THESE INJURIES FUCK
Tatum not coming back :((
What are these bad shots all of a sudden
I miss Al and Tatum :(
Oh my God if we lose to the fucking Lakers I will complain on reddit. 
Wait, is that DMX at the game?
Watching late, is Tatum hurt? Haven't seen him. 
Celtics are missing Al Horford and Gordon Hayward, and they bring up fucking Larry Nance!
Team is much worse without Horford and Tatum. Ugly game. 
Awful offense rn Irving needs to get in 
Holy fuck
AINGE WILL FUCK YOU UP LONZO
HOLY SHIT BAYNES!!!
Lonzo sucks
:(((((

https://www.instagram.com/p/BbQd-j5lTgs/
what the fuck jaylen
Lonzo ball looks like an acne ridden ugly muthafucka
I like Mike Breen. Just hate everyone else on Espn. 
this is the first time I've ever been forced to watch a C's regular season game on ESPN. this is stupid.
wow and they cut off the celtics player intros for a stupid espn ad
Did anyone else's stream just cut out the Celtics intros? It's playing a promo for the game now
Jaylen didn't fall for the pump fake!!!
That has to be a fucking basket, what a fucking joke
WTF KYRIE 
Filthy by Irving 
KYRIE IS INSANE, GOAT BALL HANDLER
Kyrie fucking loves these moments, he's so fucking clutch
Fucking dying at Marcus in this diabetes ad
FELLAS IS IT HALLOWEEN? CAUSE TERRY IS SCARY 
Not gonna lie i get irrationally mad when players as bad as Brewer score
Bogut is fuckin terrible 
SCARY TERRY 
Scary fucking Terry 
#ROZIER SAYS FUCK THE LAKERS
Scary!
Scary Terry nails buzzer beaters bitch. No doubt about it bitch.
Terry looking kinda Scary 
SCARY TERRY!!
#HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK THE LAKERS!! 
WHAT A SAVAGE U SCARY TERRY U
Yo the lakers FUCKING SUCK
Get the fuck out of our building Lakers!
Have we ever seen Semi drive before this game?
Ball sucks so bad. 
Ball hit a 3. This game is a failure.
Ojele has some insane jams in college .. it will come slowly
This game isn't even close to being over.
PUT IN HORFORD 






:(
Yabu, Nader, 1/2 Late firsts for Randle. Who says no
Sorry just joined. What happened to Tatum?
Jayson out for the rest of the night :(
Goddamn Kyrie can be so nasty with his handles haha. Making these guys look like chumps at will.
Marcus cannot fucking shoot to save his life
We look awful
Afraid Baynes is gonna take a bite out of the ball if we keep giving it to him
This is ugly basketball... we are definitely playing Lakers ball and not Celtics ball at the moment.
We're so thin.. God dammit
Mark Jackson fucking sucks
This game is so rough....
that girl was literally trying to bounce her boobs as hard as she could
Terry literally didn't touch him wtf
This is a small lineup
"We talked about Horford being out, but let's not forget about Larry Nance"

Oh fuck off
You could read kyrie's lips "that's bad basketball"
>tfw Smart shoots a horrible three but it actually goes in
At least we are out hustling them 
Kyrie going to take over this game
This feels like a 2k game where I’d try keep passing the ball to just one person. Everyone just keeps passing to baynes 
I've never not loved Baynes 
No Hayward, No Horford, No Tatum (in the 2nd half) No Problem.

Fuck. The. Lakers!
I love Al Horford and I'm sad because I don't want his head to be mushy. :(
Where the fuck is Kyrie goddamit
At the game.. Noticed Tatum didn't come in for awhile and just saw the bad news. When did he get hurt? When he fell after driving to the bucket? 
“Denzel Washington shines in [white people are evil movie] out next week!”
who is this guy saying Ball hasn't disappointed yet?
These promos are pretty sick ngl. 
Fuck the lakers BEAT LA! 
Jaylen's D is sick.
Kyrie needs to make Lonzo foul out. I wonder if ESPN will just abandon the game if that happens
No Marc, people hate Lonzo because of his dad.
That's a dumb call
Fuck these fucking refs. That’s a shooting fouls but Baynes’ wasn’t? Gonn let LA stay in I‎t from the line.
FUCK YEAH
I miss you Truth :(
how in the fuck
I think the Truth needs to give Kyrie a pep talk before every game 
That play has me fucked up at work, I can't contain it
Semi is nasty on D my god 
Scary Terry lost some of his hair-y
Wow this lakers team is BAD
SCARY
SCARY
SCARY TERRY III is out to play!!!
SCARY TERRY
Scary Terry!!!!!!!!!
SCARY
fuck the lakers
Terry is so scary
I'm sorry I thought we were watching a game, not a stream of a 2K game
Semi is going HARD
that was so mean!
God I wish I could hear Tommy on the NESN broadcast tonight. Please tell me he's said "**TATUM**!!!" at least once.
Those two dudes in checkers...that's some sort of glitch in reality. Fuck, we might lose this game. 
I've never been so disappointed in a double digit lead
FUCK YOU BALL. PLAIN AND SIMPLE.
f5ing so hard .. Tatum did go to the floor hard so im hoping thats all it was..
Fuck me 
No :((((((
Holy fuck
Really hate iso smart
God what a frustrating fucking game so far
WE CAN'T WAIT EITHER GORDY :(
Baynes stepping up like crazy!
How is this a 4 point game... Oh god...
Yeah Baynes badly needed a rest
Lonzo is one UGLY motha 
###DANIEL FUCKING THEIS LADIES AND GENTLEMEN###
Jaylen went down hard fuck
NO MORE FUCKING INJURIES, PLEASE.
Sigh, fucking injuries
whats wrong with kyrie
Celtics seem to have some of the worst luck with injuries out of most teams.
Semi just knocked that wide-armed pass out of the air without moving his feet. Ridiculous.
This game is soooo ugly hahah
So ugly... like Lonzo. Really is Lonzo Wednesday.
Holy fuck shut the hell up Mark Jackson.
Get this horrendous lineup out of the game
Out of the circle

Standing still

Hands in the air

What the fuck did Theis do wrong there?
WHY THE FUCK CANT WE SHOOT
Where the fuck was the foul call on Morris? Randle gets a bitch ass foul call but we can’t get one on contact 
3 pointers hate the Celtics. 
Morris made an instant impact. Also Scary Terryyyyyy!!!
Ingrams body is just as ugly as his face 
Bad possession by Kyrie there. Slow it down.
Game Blouses
The contrast between Smart steals and Kyrie steals is hysterical
Jaylen's disgusted with himself, as well he should be.
Less than 100!
Anyone know how bad Tatum's injury is?
[Abby Chin Tweet about Tatum](https://twitter.com/tvabby/status/928440703667105792) no more info at the moment.
We found out who our team lynch pin was

Turns out we desperately need Tatum.
Well earned two days of rest after this game 
3rd blatant travel in 5 min
Where in the fuck is Tatum 
I’m so frustrated right now. I’d Tatum is seriously injury I’m going to get violent.
WHY THE FUCK ARE WE SHOOTING THOSE SHOTS
That corona commercial is so damn annoying
GET HYPED BOYS AND GIRLS, TIME TO BEAT L.A.

SAY IT WITH ME:

FUCK...
FUCK THE LAKERS!!!
Did they just seriously interrupt our introduction of the player lineup...
so weird seeing them in green at home
ESPN are talking about Ball like he's an allstar in a slump, not a legit bad rookie
Jaylen looks fucking woke so far.
fucking BAYNES baby
Jaylen just didn't jump on a pump fake!! Progress!!
Walter wanting to know wtf happened with that Baynes tip
FUCK EM UPPP
(Gets continually shook and crossed up by Kyrie Irvings disgusting handles) "Shiiiit I think I got in way over my head with this whole NBA thing" - Lonzo Ball 11/8/17
I’ll always say fuck the lakers until I can say it backwards (lakers fucked)
Crazy that a hit like that can make Al concussed. Didn't seem that bad just looking at the replay
I wish i could hear Ray Hudson call a Kyrie game.
Man everytime i try to say "jaylen" my tongue gets all twisted up and I say "MJ" is it just me?
We have crushed them on the boards this game! 
SCARY TERRY STRIKES AGAIN!
SCARY TERRY
SCARY TERRY
Yeesh, guys that's too scary for me.
SCARY TERRY BABY 
SCARY TERRY!!!
SCARY TERRY ROZIER = SCARY SHOOTING RANGE
SCARY TERRY!
SCARY FUCKING TERRY
Fuck yeah Terry!
SCARY TERRY
Fucking Christ semi 
Morris takes a lot of bad shots but he make some ahha
holy shit this is disgusting i think i might puke
This game is a fucking highlight reel I mean damn
lonzo looks absolutely terrible
Celtics balling the fuck out can I get an Amen
When we learn how to finish, we will be SCARY. Scarier than Terry
Fuck you Lonzo
I am so sick of this fucking Nike commercial 
ofc im kyrie fan. but kyrie doesn't seem serious playing atm
Wtf what’s wrong with tatum
Fuck
Dirty 
Kyrie just needs to slow down and stop going for steals
wtf is Luke so upset about
The glare Baynes is a fucking animal 
I have such a bad feeling about this, just a pit in my stomach 
I Miss Dirty Al 
Theis You Nasty
Jaylen needs to 3 and D the remainder of this bad boy. I need me a terry take over stat!
Jaylen may be having a bad game, but we seem to be forgetting that basketball players can have bad games... The team as a whole is shooting 27% from 3, 40% from the field which is pretty poor. All sportsmen and teams are streaky.
FUCK THAT CALL
What is wrong with jayson
Scary Terry baby 
This is absolutely absurd, what the fuck is our offence right now
This is probably the worst offensive lineup we could have
What a stupid shot 
Get larkin out of the game asap
THEIS DIDNT EVEN MOVE WTF IS THAT CALL
Some ugly basketball right now
Literally all of these shots are fucking atrocious. 
WHAT ELSE CAN THEIS FUCKING DO
HOW THE FUCK IS THAT A FUCKING FOUL GTFO REFS
Pretty crazy how hard it gets when all your 3pt threats are injured or on the bench.
HOLY FUCKING FUCK
Fouled from behind not blocked
I want to keep them under 100 so fucking bad
BAYNES HAVING HIS “KELLY OLYNYK DICKS WIZARDS” GAME
Point 3 poi tntn shot on tnt game
If I was ball I'd shave. If your facial hair comes in patches like that it just looks horrible, especially if you're going to be a nationally known athlete. 
Lonzo vs [Shawn Marion](https://images.genius.com/b880519d22a2008fa6a0a7dcc58dfae4.300x349x33.gif) who wore it worse?
Tatum had a foot/ankle injury that kept him out for 2 months in college. I fucking hate injuries. Fuck life. 
Between this game and the ATL game.. I'm slightly concerned
If we lose this game dude 
Fucking seriously Marcus?
Fuck Mark Jackson
My friend calls himself a celtic fan and isnt watching the game please reply to my comment and say "Brenden is a fake fan" 
I don't care what the box score indicates Jaylen Brown has looked awful tonight 
crazy how bad the lakers are maybe well get the 2nd pick too

At least we can start scouting for our Laker's 2018 pick soon.
Fuck Horford out tonight???
Lets beat the fuck out of the Lakers tonight.  Kyrie gonna make Lonzo his bitch. 
Fuck the Lakers and fuck ESPN
im pumped. fuck the lakers.
That Lonzo jumper is fucking hideous.
Fuck you, ESPN. Give me Mike and Tommy!
Man, how Lakers thinks its color are purple and gold is beyond me. They are purple and mustard like wtf
Game hasn't started and Breen already sounding like an idiot

I hate ESPN's coverage of Lonzo so much
WTF

WTF that doesn't count?
The Lopez brothers are some ugly motherfuckers
#REKT


#FUCK THE FAKERS
What the fuck
Holy fuck 
KYRIE IS A BAD MAN
That was just filthy! Damn Kyrie 
Fuck it, the Earth is flat
It was almost as if Kyrie could hear the commentators. That was filthy.
Guys kyrie is fucking playing with lonzo ball
Kyrie Irving would get like 10 assists a game if those he passed to hit their shot
Defense is too tough!
There's no reason this game should be close at halftime
HOLY FUCK TERRY
Scary Terry Wednesday  
Scary Terry > Lakers Franchise
HOW IN THE FUCK SEMI
Theis battles hard down there.
Holy fuck ojeleye!
God damn, Ojeleye is REALLY starting to get that confidence going, so fucking aggressive.
Just started watching and all I have to say is Fuck the Lakers
sorry if already posted... anyone got a link to watch the game? not nba pass or whatever
Soo,...  Randle was buried on the Lakers bench???  WTF is wrong with Walton?
Does Kuzma have an emoji tattoo? Wtf
Why do bad things happen
Can’t be serious since they’re not addressing it 
What a shitty fucking rule. Ball don't lie.
Get FUCKED Clarkson
Another horrible foul call. 
Did Tatum twist his ankle? Must be painful if he's out 
Wtf is luke even mad about
I hate injuries
What the fuck happened to ball movement
Our defence is going to lose us this game
this is really frustrating to watch
I want the Lakers to go up by 10 so our guys will take this seriously
what the fuck is going on here
Dingo Dick channeling Bill Russell in this game.
fuck sake if you foul him don't run away like a bitch, foul him and then hit him hard to make him miss


Can Julius Randle fuck off
we;re committing a lot of dumb fouls tonight
Ugly bbal from both teams haha
bogus. jackson is such a moron. 
HOW THE FUCK IS THAT A FOUL???
Can we fucking hit a shot please
Fuck these refs can't even play defense

awful foul calls on Theis. 
Fucking hell 
Fuck randle 
we need mook to make some shots holy fuck.
If these jokers put an end to our streak...well fuck me then.
This game is getting me hyped.
Would rather risk a loss than further injury to Kyrie if it's at all bad.
Marcus and Terry are fucking killing it this quarter
That's not ideal.
Did you miss the 3rd qtr? He had 5 or 6 ugly shots some terrible post up isos. Just wish he would limit himself to 5 shots max unless hes around 40%
Guess agree to disagree on what we define as bad shots. 
Brown has been horrible
Damn, this game is too close even without Al
It is so weird having Kyrie on our team! Wow this dude can ball.
COME ON LETS FUCKING WAKE UP
Weird ending to the half but also whatever, no biggie. 
Probably had his appendix burst or some stupid unpredictable shit
He literally jumped into him.. wtf
We’re fucked
Semi is a fucking disaster tonight 
Smart might be the worst offensive player in nba this year
Get the fucking rebound
What the fuck
Failin' Brown :(
Look at that face, Tatum got those 2 the hard way intentionally
This is pathetic wtf
Dumb fucking foul
this is fucking sad
This is so painful to watch

Yet another foul on a jump shooter. Play with some fucking intelligence
I'm gonna kill myself if we lose this game, don't fuck this up Celtics
Wait, do all of you think Kyrie’s played up to expectations so far? He’s shot horribly.
Why are fans booing ball? Am I alone in thinking that's fucking stupid? Like... When he's announced sure. Every time he touches the ball? So dumb.
Whoever was saying Randle sucks in the DPE trade thread can suck a fatty.
Can Kyrie make a wide open fucking three
when baynes is our leading scorer thats sad
We gave you a fight, at least give us that you fucks....
We're going to fucking lose
**Fuck clam chowder, fuck Tom Brady and fuck the Celtics!**
>It truly warms my soul that every generation ~~of Celtics fans~~ has a reason to hate the Lakers


Fuck...
Wait really? God do I hate ESPN
Whether he gets crushed or does well they'll be talking about him. It was a smart name for ESPN, but annoying as a Celtics fan. 
Ill take obvious statements for 500 Alex!
His haircut is so bad
Same, hate having to watch ESPN
he adds nothing to the broadcast. one of the worst announcers in sports. 
Ur drunk fongos. Theis is on the bench.
Fuck the Lakers and everything but Lonzo has a lot of composure. His trash ass scoring isn't a result of his mentality.
Probably fuck LA is my response. 

Edit: Definitely fuck LA.
If its *a Christmas fucking Miracle* by Run the Jewels, its never too early
I say December, but after thanksgiving isn't absolutely terrible I guess. Either way, it's way too early now
Usually it starts playing on the radio on thanksgiving
If it's a day of the year, it's time for Mannheim Steamroller and Die Hard.

If it's a day of the year, it's not time for the smarmy bullshit Christmas crap. 
No one's saying he'll be a bad player.  Just that he's not consistent and he's not playing well tonight.
extremely injured and shooting poorly and still up 6
His foul line jumper is my bridge over troubled waters
That asshole was trashing Gordo for his seated basket. FUCK ESPN. 
Thankgod its just ankle soreness, fking injuries tho. Fucked over the start to our season last year aswell
Or Hayward or Tatum :(
Thank you for acknowledging his play. It's disgusting the way Luke treats him
He's out for the game
They need to make this game seem like a rivalry
Oh, you mean toiletbrush head?
Sorry but he's one of the ugliest dudes in the league. Get some proactiv and shave your sideburns damn 
yes

FUCK THE LAKERS!!!
FUCK THE LAKERS. 

FUCK EM 
Fuck LA
nike uni's fucked everything up
Before, they hardly talked about him like that!!! All in an effort to put us down ... 
It's crazy
locker room :(
Fuck it, @ me for that shit. 
Almost without Jaylen Brown too. He is kinda non existent. :(
Absolutely brutal.
Ugliest one since the 76ers game a couple weeks ago.
Really hate when Marcus tries to hero ball. 
yeah, sore ankle, out for the game
Yes :(
Ankle soreness, out for rest of the game
Out for the rest of the game with ankle soreness. Looked like Kyrie was getting his knee seen to on the bench too.
They'll always be dickriding the ball family unfortunately.
It's like if Aaron Judge didn't have a historic season for a rookie few expected, but instead had an annoying ass dad and an extremely underwhelming performance. 
Spencer Haywood is a bit past his prime
Yah wtf ESPN? You show the L's but not the Celtics?
yea theyve been horrible its pretty ridiculous 
HE CALLED GAME DUH!
yeah hopefully he can work on that. Anytime he seems to steal or block he gets a little sloppy. 
No they came back because the Celtics are playing atrocious defense 
Probably because *all our players are fucking injured*.  Let's not act like this game is being played under normal circumstances.
Happens once a game. 
So when hes makes 7 or 8 horrid off plays the 2 or 3 def pkays or rebounds are supposed to negate all the poor descisions? 
Hey fuck you don't disrespect Jaylen
Not really Terry and Marcus have played well. Jaylen is finishing a game  that says everything. 
He played terrible, nothing more to discuss. 
I can't deal with they salty ass fan base.
hopefully 2-5 bad
That was really hard to read.
Ankle soreness. Out for the rest of this game
They were working on his knee at the start of the quarter :/
"LONZO SUCKS"
What do you mean next season????

We are 12 games into the fucking season.
He was watching the game and looked relaxed so i dont think its serious.
When it's a nationally televised game and they are rooting for a team to beat the Celtics it's pathetic. 
yeah it’s way too yellow, really ugly 
Tatum is out with a minor ankle injury. Jaylen and Kyrie are cold af
dont matter still dirty.
On a worse team 
Credit to him that he's improved so much after being so awful early on
Eh, wouldn't a trap game be one where they're overconfident going in? I think they know it'll be a challenge without Al
This. I hope all the people who can't see Al's value don't have to learn the hard way :(
It doesn't look bad imo
At least marion doesnt bring it across his body
This one not as worse
Brenden is a fake fan. PRAISE JAYLENSON
Brenden IS a fake fan
Brenden is a fake fan
"Fake fan Brendan" is what I call him 
fake fan brenden what is u DOIIINNNN



They say "your god Jaylen" like he ISN'T ALSO THEIR GOD AS WELL. Fucking idiots. 
If you get one it's easier to get another they aren't something to be fucked with 
I think Kyrie, brad put him on westbrook to start the game, so hes going to take Lonzo
Fucking Dad Stevens with the fountain of youth, too.
> I hate ESPN's coverage ~~of Lonzo~~ so much
Welp.... too late
A lot of bad decisions.
We'll be up by at least 20. 
I get it but this looked like a dumb call. Randle jumped into his arm
we're so mean!
“Ankle soreness” out for the game
No your eye isn't lying to you. He looks so average it hurts. I would even say he looks bad. 
About 11 years too late 
Tatum injured, not sure about Kyrie.
You haven't seen Ball's broken shot?
Go home, you’re drunk. 
Everyone goes cold once in a while man, don't worry 
we’re ONLY leading by _15_ points ?!!!!!!!! gosh we must be so terrible
No he's fucking not lol
Its still terrible the eye test
You say that like IT never had terrible shooting nights, 10.5 games lets chill
Just like every game we play!
Bro are you always negative?
He's been playing hard tonight.
Fuck off
eat my fucking ass
Dont click this needless to say.
A combination of his father and overexposure on ESPN. There is very little reason to hate on Lonzo himself.
These posts are all nonsense. Kyrie and Tatum were off, and we won without horford. Jaylen looked bad with his control but still pulled down 11 boards... Its not like he disappeared. And point three is just stupid given what we were missing today. 
Fuck the Big Bust Brand and fuck scrawny Ingram
Heathen fuck the lakers 
And fuck you too 
Fuck Manhattan clam chowder... ftfy
You're such a fucking piece of work
Bad troll attempt
Like so bad.
When Randle plays hard he reminds me of Brandon Bass playing hard for the Celtics
Ahhh dude. Thats even worse 
I know.  It might be serious. 
He's probably getting scans.  Could be very serious. 
Every week is hard...except last week, which wasn't so bad.
No need to youngster me here; not sure why you’re defending the Chicken Little-itis. Believe in Brad, believe in Kyrie, believe in the bench. People shouldn’t be shitting on these guys after this start and a stretch of rough play this game. 
Wtf
the worst part was the quote they included about him being the next showtime
Every race has done bad things. White people need to stop taking the blame for everything 
Nope, sorry. 
Is he wrong?
Nothing wrong with what he said
Well he did say it after the Sixers game 
That could mean anything 
I missed it, was it bad
onnn theye tont game e to paly
**POINT 3 POI TNTN SHOT ON TNT GAME**

no one from Iowa State pans out :(
Dayum, did it looked serious?
I mean not much because Ball knows not to shoot. Smarts shot is bad and he takes like 5 3s a game. Whenever he’s on the court the offense just stalls with his ISO’s and zero pass possessions
Kyrie’s had bad shooting nights half the games 
I DO NOT like him. I just think the booing is annoying as fuck.
It's a github link. Far from dangerous to click.
I'm a guy, I don't do blowjobs, sorry.
What? Criticism is trolling? He has 12 points on 14 shots. He’s been poor.
My bad, sometimes it's hard to tell in this sub. I thought you were talking about our current level of play
Well that’s something I never thought I’d see... downvotes for referencing the Wheelchair game.
Objectively worse.
They scored 36 because we quit playing defense, is that hard for you to figure out without me telling you?
[I am still holding onto the past ](https://imgur.com/a/xVjrE) 
> I mean, LeBron literally has the worst Net Rating of anyone from the 2003 draft class right now (yes, below Zaza, David West, and even teammate Dwyane Wade).


whoa
He has a hugely negative defensive rating this season due to the Cavs defensive woes. [Here are the class of 2003 rankings](http://on.nba.com/2AmNtNI) for this season
It has been worse. During the 1968 playoffs I had "shore leave" in Danang, South Vietnam at the same time as a lot of Philly fans, mostly front-line marines, who were both barking mad and armed with M16A1 full-auto assault rifles. Everyone was disarmed in the hall where they showed the playoff film, but it was still an explosive atmosphere. After all, what was the worst the authorities could do, send us to Vietnam?
I go to school in Jersey but I'm from Boston so I feel you man. Fuck these kids down here preaching Eli and Judge supremacy.
I’m sorry to betray you but Aaron Judge is fucking dope. 
I can agree with that. The violence is pretty bad here. 

Kyrie got booed more in the preseason game I went to than he has ANYWHERE else. 

Although I do like the passion of the fan base here. Reminds me of home.
"Oh yeah Gordon? In five years nobody will remember this game. In 10 years I'll tell people I won. In 20 years I'll tell people I was the max contract guy that got hurt and had a chair shooting competition with you, the analyst."
Came here to upvote whoever said Baynes and was disappointed 
Some folks in r/lakers have made it clear they are disappointed Horford is out because now they can't brag about beating us with him. 
definitely. I mean, horford is the dominican yabu, so it makes sense.
I hear you brotha, but i watched some of the Lakers vs Nets game and Lopez just feasted on the Nets' lack of size. 
Please don’t miss a shocking amount of games :(
I hate Kent Bazemore.
This would be terrible news if we didn't have All of Australia. As it is it's just pretty bad news. Hopefully Theis can come in and do a job.
Fuck
Strap in people, this could be an ugly one tonight
NOT GREAT
that Bazemore head shot should of been a flagrant. assuming that's when he was concussed at least

Fuck Bazemore.

And fuck the Lakers.
fuck
No Big guy, no :((
Ugh. Net man up and all . . . but I'm afraid this is the part of the season when Horford skeptics are forced to acknowledge his value.


Kyrie finna drop 50 of the (Fuck The) Lakers.
I thought they should have taken him out of the game as soon as he got hit. As much as it sucks to lose him, you don't fuck around with concussions.
Fuck this sucks, could be out a while. This is that part of the season where the Al haters suddenly remember the impact he makes.
Fuck Kent bazemore
Oh fuck, not again
He had a bad concussion at the beginning of last year too :{
I'm so pumped for this game I can't sleep(the game it's at 2 am here)
Was this from fucking bazemore coming down and smashing his head on an update late in the Atl game? It has to be right?! Fuck those dudes
Without al. This game might be an L Celtics have a tendency to make Brook Lopez look like an all star
Should people who have a concussion history wear those soft helmets that people with epilepsy wear?  Can’t be as bad as those face masks.  
heard the commentator say the concussion isn't thought to be as bad as last year. Cross your fingers!
Have a bad feeling we're gonna get cucked tonight.
It goes without saying that this is very bad. 2 concussions in 2 years. Could be chronic. I don't think we see horford play for a while. They're not gonna risk it.
> should of 

 Did you mean should've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
That's not a positive thing. If you're injured, get help. Fighting through it is stupid and increases the risk of permanent damage.
But the last concussion he had lingered for a long fucking time, this is not good 
Bazemore hit him during the hawks game
bad bot!
Fuck those nerds 
Fuck this cruel world
Literally as soon as it happened I thought to myself, "oh crap... Horford concussion.  Probably going to miss a few weeks"
I looked at the highlights and didn't see it :(

Do you have a link?
Why would the Suns be uninterested in a bad contract? They aren’t going to be a playoff team for some time. They can use that as leverage to get draft picks. It’s common NBA practice. 
I'm trying hard not to comment on which sport requires a functioning brain to play.
thats just false
Yes, but they were .500 and very shallow at the 5 spot. It guaranteed him a ton of minutes on an up and coming team where he was thought to be an integral part of the roster. 
http://concussion.weillcornell.org/does-helmet-protect-me-against-concussion

Seriously just google it before you respond 
meanwhile Terry with the scary defensive rating
"It's your job to go out there and destroy the Lakers every single time." 
For now, all i want for Tatum is to destroy Lonzo "0pt' Ball tonight.
Fuck the Lakers
I think the best/funniest part is the amount of insane people that said they would take Fultz over Simmons this off season. Simmons is a generational talent at 6'10" who plays like an athletic point guard and can do literally everything besides shoot the three. And that deficiency doesn't even effect him. Rumor has it he's a prick, but it doesn't stop him from being an absolute stud on the basketball court. 
If Benintendi had won ROY this year, nobody in Boston would have complained that he played in 2016 as well.
I'm not in Boston and baseball is boring as F.
Ben Simmons should NOT be considered a rookie, but since he is he is definitely winning it unless he goes through a horrible stretch of games (which is unlikely)
its because there is a diverse fan base with differing opinions. Just because you see one post on a sub doesn't mean all 36k people here feel the exact same. 
Agree to disagree. I think he's thrown up plenty of crappy shots, just like he has in years past.
I kinda agree with RMis2VULGAR, I mean he is shooting like crap but when I watch the games I'm not cursing him out as much for taking a stupid shot. *As Much*
I just don't see it. He was a bad shooter in college and through his first three years in the NBA he hasn't improved that aspect of his game at all despite tinkering with his mechanics. People have been saying to give it time for years now, and throughout that time we haven't seen any improvement in his shooting.
>Lonzo could become Rondo

I see your point, but that's blasphemy. In today's NBA only a handful of players could take the game over the way Rondo could. LeBron, ~~Kyrie~~, Durant and Kawhi had those games where they'd just dominate on defense and make the opposing defense look like a bunch of amateur clowns. 
I watched the replay of that game for the first time this year, June 17 of course. Both teams were just out of it, Kobe missed like 15 in a row, Gasol couldn't make a layup, Celtics were... terrible. It was Rocky vs Apollo in Rocky 2, those last few seconds
I was thinking of doing this too!  Let me know what you decide.  I was thinking just the secondary logo with the shamrocj
Been in Chicago 12yrs, screw all of the teams here...Especially the Bears....'86.

I'll be at the game on 12/11, wearing the GREEN.
Stubhub is ridiculous they buy a flock of seats for themselves and just sell them for 5 times the value.
I'm a Bostonian looking to go to London for the game, any tips on how to not get fucked over purchasing a ticket?
Yup, literally the worst tickets you can get are currently at $340 using todays exchaneg rate. It's nuts
Worst tickets for tonight's game here at TD are like 100 bucks right now. Lakers n' all
Yeah, this game is still 2 months off as well.
Wouldnt be stupid if he said this the day after we lost Hayward, but he said it yesterday. AMMO for the Cs!
That's a failed test
The Cavs D with IT on floor is goin to be disgusting. 
What a terrible terrible title, i mean even if he's wrong just chill out man.
These guys are idiots and ESPN sucks balls.  Don't go there for anything sports related.  Its FOX news for sports.
Well he is probably right, even though I think it's stupid thinking Isaiah will average 30 ppg on the Cavs 
Don’t forget Rob Parker’s hate for Tom Brady
Espn are a bunch of idiots. But Fox sports are just collection of HATERS
Seeing as how they are not mathematically eliminated yet, it is indeed unequivocally false that they have a 0% chance.
The Cavs have LeBron that's all the rest of that team has looked like trash. We could beat the Cavs then go get dad dicked by the warriors for a couple games.  Fuck KD. 
Yes they have lebron but if their defense sucks like this(and it's gonna be really bad I guarantee that) maybe we can take them to six games, if we had Gordon we could push them to 7
I can't wait for Noel to sign w/somebody long term so his name can get the fuck off this page.   
That Scarface Supreme jacket is sick
Kyrie got that ugly AF Supreme X Scarface hype going.
Drunk girls
He’s blowing off the girl calling him a celebrity like she’s an idiot. His “humility” is also clearly fake. Can you imagine IT or PP doing that? I sure as hell can’t. 
You know, I had no idea wtf the lyrics were to that song until like two days ago. The whole time I thought someone made a diss track on Biyombo for some crazy reason.
I want to believe but this seems so fake
Why would you ever use the word circlejerk? Like do you just want people to think you're weird and gross?
scal gonna play dirty break his other leg - don’t fuk with the leprechaun.
I️ like Kobe, fuck the lakers. 
I didn’t see Hayward do anything out of the ordinary. What are you referencing?
WE ARE FUCKED
Fuck it, shut it down. Initiate the tank, WE WILL NOT LOSE THAT PICK!
You mean Jesusemilore Talodabijesu Ojeleye?
Do you have a link?  The paragraph below from the 2017-NBA-NBPA-Collective-Bargaining-Agreement PDF refers to replacing a player, which wouldn't be possible if an additional roster spot was needed. 

>(1) Subject to the rules set forth in Section 6(m) below, a Team
may, in accordance with the rules set forth in this Section 6(c), sign
or acquire one Replacement Player to replace a player who, as a
result of a Disabling Injury or Illness (as defined below), is unable
to render playing services (the “Disabled Player”).
I'm just here to say fuck Tim bontemps 
2017 the center who cannot shoot and slows the game down is useless.
He is the worst
Theis'  minutes in the very least
Started the "fake all star" thing about IT last year and questioned if we would make the playoffs after Hayward got injured this year.
Anyone that argues that IT wasn't an All Star last year is a dumb dumb
Yup. He just seems to hate the Celtics.
I get what he means. Academic/industrial intellectuals in quantitative fields hate empty/superfluous words. "Utilize" is a word all of my chem/stats professors hated with a passion; in almost all contexts the word "use" is sufficient.
So game 4?
What is with iPhones and this weird glitch these past few days 
I hate that these are the Hayward highlights we have to settle for... but I'll take it. 
Just to play devils advocate here, is there anyway that this could actually be a bad thing for Hayward? Like couldn't that throw off his shot? 
Yoooo that game was the shit 
I mean that's why he's doing this. They're gonna 2Kify Gordon, making points from just inside half court.

I for one cannot wait.
This post is pointless, why would anyone be upset with Kyries performance.
> this is going to be an awful defensive team

Hah
Who’s this promising Lebrun James guy?  Oh, I see he’s buried on that horrible Cleveland team.  No wonder you never hear of him.
Crazy how Al and Lebron are the only people over 30 on that list
This is what I needed. Guy is a fucking wizard 
correct me if i’m wrong but isn’t this a travel? 
You’re wrong
Yeah fuck whoever that guy is
Not sure if you saw the play in question. He had a wide open 3 (and he's shooting them at 53%), pump faked no one and drove into two defenders to put up one helluva ugly shot.  There is zero question whatsoever that those open 3s are the shots Tatum needs to start taking without hesitation.
Cutting him doesn't actually save the team any money... They still pay his salary, and his contract still takes up their cap space. 

I guess I could see them hanging onto his contract until the trade deadline, but I have a really hard time envisioning a scenario where Monroe is a valuable trade piece for the Suns. The kind of trades you're  talking about are generally bad teams picking up bad contracts with a pick or two attached. The problem is, the Suns are now a bad team that already has a bad contract. It would have to be something extremely random, like Dragan Bender turning into a superstar, and the Suns trading Monroe and picks for an established talent from a bad team to make a legit playoff run...lol.



Third teams in a trade exist to take on bad contracts with a pick attached. In this case, the Suns are the team that already have the bad contract. Unless the Suns somehow end up poised to make a playoff run by the trade deadline, Monroe's contract isn't useful in the slightest.
Since I grew up a Football (playing and watching) I've always preferred colors at home, never under stood the whites in some sports.

go #Green!
I see that now, check the other comments. Damn Celtics IG people worded it horribly. 
Unfortunate typo there.
Its a mandatory after every game, since I can't always catch the games.
Too scary.
Don't know where to find those : ( I usually can get just one post-game interview, the one with Abby!
You all should know that Scal (and Abby Chin) is a Reddit lurker. Just give him your respective encouragement/and constructive criticism and move on. Gorman covers a multitude of sins. He could commentate with a blind guy and I’d still listen. 
They need to get rid of Scals Miller Time. That segment is awkward.
I️ feel you. l had to acquire the taste for Scal and I’m still not a huge fan. 
Again. The fact that he's a Celtic institution and a HOF player and coach does not impact the quality is his commentary. I don't get why people always bring up his history with the team like it's a compelling point that makes his commentary better. 

It's like everyone realizes he's awful but they give him a pass because of his history. Which is fine and understandable, but then at least admit he's awful. Why else are you bringing up his history if not to mitigate his atrocious commentary?
Having an opinion you disagree with doesn't mean I'm angry. I think he is a shitty announcer. So I don't listen to him. If I lived in Chicago, I wouldn't listen to Hawk Harrelson either. 
Why is this sub obsessed with this stat? I don't get it. 
Jesus Christ the Kings fucking suck at drafting 
What could be the difference for Tatum in the voting is of Philly is just terrible, and he is starting in the playoffs on a contender. 
Guy has been in the league for a month on a terrible team with 2 different coaches. I can’t morally judge him yet 
What they need to learn is that Kyrie is constantly practicing those crazy ass shots, and he's always working to improve. Not that I question any of our youngsters 
If they traded Brogdon for him I think they're worse
I'm not worried about him in a 7 game series. Got faith in Brad to put a gameplan together to contain him
Celts should play the prevention game to keep him off the Cavs.  Also doesn't hurt to have a bruiser like him
On the Smart/Rozier shots needing to be Tatums....Im with you 100%. Tatum should be shooting at least 15 times a game. 
you would say wrong
Fuck the haters. Stomp the ECF, get to the Finals. I wanna see Finals Curry vs Finals Kyrie.
I’m bothered when Brown’s foul trouble messes up his offensive game. He had Bellinelli isolated on the wing last night and didn’t even try to go at him. I believe his early foul trouble was the cause of his hesitation because that dude ought to look like an open door to Jaylen. What solution is there? Jaylen coming off the bench would help...but I’d hate to see it because I just want him on the floor all the time. The way he’s officiated though, he’s going to play himself out of crunch time one of these days.
Hawks entertainment at halftime and during timeouts is horrible 
This game reminded me of last year. Poor D, pulled through by dynamic PG at the end of the game.
I saw that ad. Fuck Lonzo Wednesday.
I don't know, I'm worried after seeing the [game footage](https://youtu.be/GKfoc6E4_5Q) on Lonzo.
Tough Matchup though, who do we have to Match-up with LAVAR Ball?
Oh man, I forgot about the way they said offensive fouls.  Now that I think about it, I remember hearing them say that high-pitched "THREEEEEEE" a couple times and when I heard them say "That foul was offensive" thats when I decided I hated everything about their announcer.
Gloves. Fucking. Off.
I mean, he probably already had a heart attack. Have you seen Gelo?
Never rooting for an injury but I wouldn't be mad if Kyrie juked him so hard (and without contact) that he actually did break his ankles.
I️ think it’s from the newest Apple update. It’s frustrating. 
And at times he played like ass for us. But I think it's hard to say he's a terrible player because it seems like Cleveland's system, whatever that is, is the polar opposite of Boston. I think if he was with Pop or Kerr and playing poorly, maybe then we could say his time in Boston was fluky. 
You had me until it turned into yet another lame flat earth joke 
This guys a fucking stud. It baffles me how calm he is during games. Also I don’t believe he is just 19. That’s crazy. The sky’s the limit for JT. Getting that 0 jersey as I type these words.
Feel like Semi was just randomly pulled outta there. It could've also been:

1. Jesus Ojeleye
2. Sus Ojeleye
3. Milo Ojeleye
3. Lore Ojeleye
4. Talo Ojeleye
5. Dabi Ojeleye
6. Jesu Ojeleye
He had a bad concussion last season and then of course, shame on him for attending his son's birth ! OMG can you believe it a man attending his son's birth ? What was he thinking ! 
Yeah, duh.
I haven't clicked but this better be Miracles by Insane Clown Posse
With a weak eastern conference any chance he gets an all star bid if he keeps it up?
I was questioning what he was doing. There was no closeout on him or even a defender within 5 ft. He drove in and got fouled so it wasn't the worst that could've happened
Talking head at ESPN being wrong. Why am I not surprised. 
Barkley said our season was over at halftime of game 1. 
"This is gonna be an awful defensive team"

o i am laffin

This is going to be an awful defensive team. 

I agree Will Cain. I agree, you dumb fuck. 
Howard Beck's article trashing Kyrie is looking like shit too.  Same with the moron whose name I forget at Celticshub who crapped on the trade.
This guy is worse than Stephen A or Skip ever was
Will Cain is one of the biggest idiots at ESPN. Now that's really saying something. 
I fucking hate this guy, only seen a few things by him but he's such a douche
this man's feed will be flooded after the season. let's continue to prove him wrong 
Will Cain is just all around awful
Cain's job is to go on air and be a troll, the fact that he comes across as an unlikeable know it all who's frequently wrong only aids him in this effort. In fact posting about him being wrong actually benefits him simply due to the fact that we are talking about him.
get fucking rekt mate
What a terrible prediction. I always fucking change the channel when they bring him on first take anyways, dude is goddamn clueless.
"This is going to be an awful defense."
He should be held accountable and fired. I don't get why there is no accountability in sports media.

If a coach coaches poorly, he gets fired.

If a player plays poorly, he gets cut.

If a talking head spews garbage to the world, he gets paid.

Huh??
I hate arguments that we have no depth and we got rid of around 70 ppg between IT, Bradley, and Crowder and all we got back was Kyrie and Morris like they are scrubs or some shit.
Nah, it's fucked up here in the States too.
An *awfully* defensive team.
I hate Max Kellerman's mouth
Yeah he's a smug fucking douche who is wrong about most everything, but he manages to do this while also being boring to watch.
Yeah you can. It was a stupid take. 
Every comment on this sub was ‘fire ainge’ when we traded the 1 pick. It was brutal 
Held accountable, yes. His co-hosts and fans should call him out for being so wrong.

Fired? C'mon man
So you think they should be fired if they are ever wrong about something? That's even dumber than what he said. Maybe you should be banned.
Yeah I mean I actually agree, and that's what's crazy to me
If someone is consistently doing a bad job, they should be removed from their position. I don't see the problem here. 
Well give me more examples of him being wrong, enough to show he is "consistently wrong". 

One wrong take doesn't mean he should be fired.
Whenever, I've seen him on TV, he's always saying ridiculous things, but I guess that's their M.O. I'm just not a fan of what television and radio has become. I want to see the media making insightful analyses, but I know that I'm in the minority of viewers in that regard.
I would have paid an embarrassing amount of money to watch that game
Even ESPN's metrics are fucking reactionary.
KG used the word 'craft' a lot when referencing his game.
I mean they are nothing like each other. It's a weird comp.  But fuck Kobe. 
About what?  While Kobe was bricking 6-24 against the Celtics in Game 7, Pau Gasol was carrying the Lakers to a title.  Bunch of Jemele Hills up in this place.
Lost the "kept under 100 points" though  :(
TFW we could have legitimately gone 11-0 :(
We're going to have one of these threads for each game of the season, aren't we?
Are you a dumb ass, he led us to the conference finals, we would have won the championship if he was allowed to be that OP
I get the logic of all the pro-Lebron arguments but I’d rather **beat** Lebron, not have him join the Celtics. 

Fuck that guy and his banana boat crew. 
You're crazy

Edit: actually sorry, I'd hate to get this answer, so let me explain: I see your point of view (even though I don't agree with some of those points - I don't think LeBron is a ballhog, for example -), but if Danny ever has the chance to land a player like LeBron I feel like he does it 99.99% of the time. Again, sorry for my first answer!
The c's would take lebron in an instant crazy to think otherwise 
Your telling me that the Thunder are a quality organization? The harden trade might have been the worst trade in history, and they completely mishandled the Durant situation.  
fuck Ledouche James
Followed up with a stupid low effort against the Hawks
I have made zero comments about where James will end up. He'll end up with a team that has cap space.

I was just letting you know how stupid your post was.
wrong
Sorry I don't have any hottakes.
KG and Perk were mean rebounders
Tatum holy fuck
Let me beat a dead horse twice. The refs are absolutely terrible and the Celtics are going 80-2
I'm just mad Theis' made 3 didn't count
BRING ON THE FUCKING LAKERS LETS MAKE IT 10 IN A ROW
Did anyone else notice that we used a different pick n roll defensive scheme today compared to yesterday? It worked terribly. I wonder why Stevens decided to change the coverage
This game has always been, and will always be, ABOUT BUCKETS
Kyrie Irving play for us, and he is the fucking man.
Jaylen brown gets pulled out of the game, 1st 1/2 with foul trouble and end of the 4th Brad's decision, and the opponents score over 100.

Coincidence..? I don't think so.
man he iced this game so hard. We  all know who "he" is.

Also Tatum is just dirty. 
Ugly ass game, poor defense, but damn a W always makes up for it. nineinarow
I’m disappointed they allowed the freakin hawks to score 100+ on them 
Theis got in Schröder's head... he is the secret weapon 
Kyrie Irving heard saying "Lick my nine" after the game

☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️
one thing i hate more than Dennis schklatsky's is that god damn PA announcer.... how annoying would it be to hear that every home game. 
MY GOD I FORGOT WE HAD A GAME!!!!!!!!
Didn't watch the game since I thought it was gonna be a blowout, I'm gonna watch this afternoon 
Remind me of us from 2/3 years ago. Not very talented but all hustle. 

They also shot lights out tonight. 
Too bad their attendance blows
**raucous cheering**
Foul trouble got Nader in, and it was painful to see.
Fuck Schroder
And by default the worst 2-9 team too.
FUCK THE LAKERS FEBRUARY
They shot the ball well but they also had terrible shot selection. 

The hawks were jacking up all kinds of garbage and they made way too many of those crap shots. 
Regarding your flair, Snatch, Lock Stock, The Good The Bad & The Ugly.
Prob had something to do with Schroeder vs the crap Orlando had out there.  I like it when they switch everything. 
I think Hornets will be bigger test than we suppose. Dedmon was scary on the boards with Baynes' worse day (I know it's b2b so that's why he looked gassed) and Al gotta matchup Dwight Howard. 
I mean realistically Dwight will just crush us on the boards but we will outlay them with our spacing 
Yo stop comparing the two, IT is a thing in the past dude.
Take my upvote you fucking sex symbol
I hate to say this but his ceiling I feel is so much higher than Jaylens
Except that's what Jason Concepcion (N3twork) from the Ringer has been calling Porzingis for the past 2 years. 
Yea, I knew it was something stupid. 
Laysum Town?


....I'll see myself out. Sorry.
"I took a look at Sam in the shower, i tell ya, he's the male average of Australia down there."

:(
Oh man a Premier League game would be just as - if not more exciting/intense. That must have been insane
I'm a photographer aswell and the architecture in boston has always appealed to me. Are there any sick national parks or scenic destinations for drone footage around? Sorry if that's out of context i just don't know all that much about the city (yet!)
Holy shit dude i remember watching that game at 8am in Australia and almost being brought to tears. I contemplated going to the Heat game the couple of days before Christmas just to see our Canadian lesbian in the Garden. I couldn't pass up the Wiz v Celts rivalry tho!
Yeah i figured seeing the Pats that late in the season would be extremely difficult. We also spent a shit tonne of money on row 6 seats for the Christmas Day game so i was looking for a cheaper alternative. I'll definitely have a look at a bruins game though. Thankyou!
You're a legend mate - Boston Commons seems to be all over this thread so ill definitely have to check it out. Thankyou!
The statement above is one I can get behind!
The refs were so ass this game
Seriously, I hate Belinelli. He always pulls this fucking shit
HORFORD THE MAD MAN WITH THE WINCE YET AGAIN
Mad Stevens
Fuck my chicken nuggets have been in the oven since the first quarter 
Terrible call, Al just banished him to the shadow realm 
I'm nominating this Simon Sez shit for the worst thing I've seen on a basketball court in 2017.
WHAT A FUCKING SEQUENCE
HOW THE FUCK DID THE FUCKING BASELINE REF CALL THAT?? HE CANT EVEN SEE IT. 
wtf is going in this timeout
Is it still weird for anybody else that Kyrie Irving is on our team?
You know Tatums a legit scorer cuz he can grind out 20 on a not great offensive night.
This is about the worst first quarter we've played. Not too worried though.
Up by 1 with what will likely be the worst lineup so far this season. Could be worse 
If they called that every time Kyrie did that he'd get 15 FT a game. 
Wtf is this halftime
ANGRY BRAD LETS GO
Damn, Brad is not happy.
HOLY SHIT KYRIE TO SMART FOR THE THREE WTF!!!
Ball. Fucking. Movement.
HOLY SHIT IM HARD NOW!!!!

#THAT BALL MOVEMENT!
Dear Atlanta PA announcer... you are annoying as hell.  
ROZIER TO HORFORD BOARD WAS FUCKING GIGANTIC
Jason tatum ladies and gents. jason fucking tatum. I fucking told yall a GODDAMN YEAR AGO THIS KID WOULD BE A HOF PLAYER.

EDIT: JAYSON. FUCK IPHONES.
IF JAYSON TATUM HAS A GIRLFRIEND THEN I'M JEALOUS OF HER

BUT IF HE'S SINGLE IT'S HONESTLY WORSE
Can someone explain why Marcus never gets a fucking call? 
JUST START THE GAME GOSH DARN IT
SCAL IS RUTHLESS LMFAO
Has anyone else noticed all our players wear those green leggings now? Like every game 
This hawks crowd is depressing
I've got the Atlanta stream. It's awful.
Are we the worst FT shooting team? I wouldn't be surprised if that was the case.. Jaylen's Achilles heel
Wtf omg
Mad Brad
LETS FUCKING GO!
What in the fuck... that was like sex
Is this the part when we go on a crazy run and blow them out?
Schröder is such a piece of shit. Fucking bullshit
ITS KYRIE FUCKING IRVING

The mother fucking rookie
SO. FUCKING. CLUTCH
kyrie just won this game
This is the worst review in the history of reviews, maybe ever
Stevens training our bench using bad teams.
DID ANYBODY SEE THAT DUDE IN THE KISSCAM BACKGROUND MAKIN' REAL DIRTY GESTURES??
Oh no al did the weird flinch thing again 😂😂😂
I'm still mad that the Hawks commentator called Kyrie "Uncle Buck"
I promised my wife to take a break from basketball tonight. I figured "it's the Hawks. What could go wrong."

Oh, no
Kyrie bout to hit a game winner like IT
Fuck.. my heart rate is NUTS.

TATUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have a hard time believing he's a rookie sometimes my god
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
TATUM YOU CAN FUCK MY GIRL
When they start comparing him to Pierce I get hard
The fuck is this 2016? Get a damn rebound
I'm in the Netherlands from Nov. 11-19... Might miss all the games throughout :'(.. I highly respect those in different timezones tuning in at odd hours!
I still hate Schröder 
Trap game
Dumb lineup
Are there starters ever gonna leave the game?
Al flinched again :(
Man I'm having such a hard time paying attention to this game. Everything feels so insignificant.
I hate Kiss Cams. Me and my friend got caught in one even though we were'nt like that. That and this PA announcer is annoying as fuck 
Don't you dare fucking boo him he wacked the shit out if him
What Mike Gorman actually means: Kent Bazemore is a selfish hothead.
I like when brad gets angry 
MAD STEVENS NEEDA WHIP SOME CELTICS
Angry Brads, the new hit iOS game
Dennis fuck off.  Guard him
Death, Taxes and the Atlanta Hawks playing well against us no matter how bad they are
hey guys fuck dennis schroder
Jayson Tatum is the fucking man.
Schroder is so easy to hate. Fuck this guy  
Flop, what a fucking pussy
blatant flop if I ever saw one - geez 
German Rondo was so mad that he checked himself out of the game hahaha
Scary Terry still Scary after Halloween

Seriously this does not look like a team that went 1-8
We’ve suddenly gone very cold.
Brad get Mad
What a bailout fucking call
That's just a bail out call on a mediocre ATO play
Kyrie is a fucking monster. I'm in awe. 
Trap game.
Working the Bruins game while streaming the Celtics game #JustBostonStuff 
Kyrie scopin the Hawks cheerleaders u dirty dog
Making me a little nervous that Mike and Tommy’s 36-year run has been a focal point tonight. 36 is a weird year, maybe it’s Tommy’s final run? I’m overthinking it 
Please let’s not get off to a slow start again 
Did Al watch Brady's SB performance before the game? He's on fire
This is ugly basketball
HORFORD THESE FALLS ARE SCARY STOP
RIP Al's 3 streak :(

Time to start a  new one
This is not a good lineup.
refs are weird this game
This game has been ugly 
Our shots arnt falling but no reason to think that won't regrets to the mean
Atlanta is playing hard, but they're still garbage playing hard.
I would be so mad if Kyrie did that to me in a video game 
Kyrie what the fuck
Fuck Kent Bazemore, Chance the Rapper looking ass
Oh god I fucking hate this Simon Says guy.
Fuck schröder
I fuckin hate Schroder
Holy fucking ball movement!
That was fucking glorious
HOLY SHIT HORFORD!!!!!!!!!!!! SHOW EM!
Give Dennis the fucking academy award 
Fuck Dennis Choder
Game over. Kyrie is in
I don't give a fuck about them scoring 100, just the W and banner 18 boogie 
Who the fuck are these random ass scrubs draining 3's 
Holy shit the Hawks are making some tough shots
brad get mad
I hate Atlanta so much
Fuck off Chance the Rapper
Terry running around like a headless chicken on defence
Holy fuck Tatum has 18 pts?!
grab the fucking rebound kyrie. don't let the refs decide 
Clutch as fuck
Tatum is stone cold 
Wait wtf Kyrie has 32? 
TATUM ARE YOU SERIOUS
HAHH FUCK YOU CHODER. SUCK ON THIS L
get fucked by a rookie, Hawks
Fuck the Hawks.
I REFUSE TO EAT UNTIL THE GAME STARTS BUT I'M STARVING 
Horford just fucked my mom, cuz he my new dad
Bruh I'm like 2 min away from home am I really missing a Mike and tommy tribute?!!!
what the fuck is happening here
alright lads I think it's time to break my 0-3 record watching the Celtics this season. Stopped watching the OKC game while losing so I count it as a loss.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH That crowd trying to start a Kyrie sucks chant
Looks like this is going to be an Al and Kyrie game
AL NO :(
I wish I could watch the fucking game without my stream freezing every 5 seconds 
Oh stop with the stupid fouls
guess it's one of those games where the refs get bored and blow their whistle on every play
Really bad move to stop chasing the ball. 
Mad respect to Schroeder on that one. German Rondo for a reason.
Worst. Half Time Show. Ever.

Well not half time but still.
serious lack of semi on the court rn
Our defense has been disappointing tonight.
Terry is barely even startling tonight 
We should feed Tatum tonight, dude is wet as fuck.
god damn those atlanta jersies are ugly
Kyrie is a bad bad man. He is flattening the Hawks right now.
ATL is shooting 55% and we are shooting 40% yet it's a 2 point game, ATL sucks
I hate the Hawks now
yo kent what the fuck
Well, I won't really feel bad when Bazemore is elbowed in the gut
if we lose this game, everyone will forgive the Cavs....we must not lose
This game is frustrating
What the fuck Kyrie. That was with the behind the back through the leg dribble too!
Absolutely disgusting stuff from Ky.
Scary
Any Bostonians going to the Lakers game on Wednesday? I will be there booing Lonzo and staring at Brad!
fuck schroder and his hair 
Kyrie has insane vision 
defense has been atrocious 
Fuck, all those threes are going in.
Jaylen needs to go hard through one of those screens. Too bad he already has 3 PF
Oh wtf 
Schröder just sold the shit outta that, fucking bullshit 
Fucking give me a break 
eat my fucking ass refs
Oh my fucking god, review that shit
Fucking bullshit
I reeeeally fuckin hate Schroder
This is dumb. The side ref should be calling that, not the guy under the basket. 
BRAD GET MAD AT SMART
Late af call
If that was called a flagrant I would've went fucking apeshit
Theis is a fucking beast on the boards. 
I feel like we’ve been bitting in every pump fake tonight 
Who the fuck is Delaney ffs
Bazemore is one ugly dude
Smart is so pathetic offensively unless he's posting up.
Fuck I saw that coming ugh
Kyrie gonna take care of this boys, no worries. Unless Smart/Rozier start shooting pull up bricks, then we are fucked. 
ARE YOU SERIOUS MARCUS
Terrible decision there by TRO, trying to get that rebound instead of running back.
This is the kinda game that makes you hate Dennis Schroeder. Not even because of anything he did but because he's had literally every single call go his way this entire fucking game and it's ridiculous
Why Terry over Jaylen to close the game?
poor marcus :((

go kyrie and tatum and terry
I know some of you think that I hate Jaylen, but that is not the case. Yes, I wanted to trade him in the past, but he is slowly improving. I don't know if he can be a star, but I know he can be valuable to us. I am critical of him because I want him to improve. 
Ugh I hate Schroder
Still hate Schroder.
We are so cold man.
hahahahah ohhh wtf
Bad pass
What the fuck ref
Nader into the game, let the garbage-time begin! 
Can we, like, not have this be a close game?
What the fuck just happened
Guys Nader isn't bad tho I promise
this unit is terrible  
no one can score
This five together sucks.
Guys the game is ugly because Brad's clearly just giving the bench lots of playing time against a bad team. Essentially resting the starters for a b2b.
How did Schröder even get that ball off-balance from the corner to the middle, crazy assist.
This game so fucking ass
WHY ARE WE ADDING TO DENNIS SCHRODER'S HIGHLIGHT REEL WTF
Rozier is so fucking terrible at reading a defense.  once his mind is set on going to.the hoop he won't kick it back out even with a center right in the lane  
Pick n roll defense still shaky
Fuck these refs
Can we pleas get a fucking call in the paint I mean damn 
Why is Scal being annoying tonight with calls?
No way Atlanta can keep any of this up all game. 
This needs to be a Kyrie "fuck this shit" game.  
I fucking hate Kent Bazemore. Always have always will.
fuck kent bazemore. zero respect for him
The fuck Bazemore, trying to touch the GOAT.
Bazemore you fuck!!!
Holy shot Kyrie is unbelievable 
Fuck Bazewhore
Ah fuck
Scary Terry 
Is Schroder an alien?
Tatum is so fucking god
I hate Schroder.
When did Cash Nasty get a jumper?
i wanted al to make that so bad
#O shit!
yo john collins is legit as fuck i was praying he went somewhere else than shitty atlanta on draft night
The fuck just happened?
Late Call
ATLANTAS COACH NEEDS TO SHUT THE FUCK UP
Terrible call
Jaylen  has been bad tonight. Looks tired 
Belinelli traveled so hard
I hate those back cuts
I feel like we're doing something wrong when it comes to protecting the inside
This game is making me sad
Hornets fans hated Bellinelli last year
Is it just me or are we a little too lazy in rebounding?
Fuck! God damnit
This fucking game
Fuck, it's like they are all Curry out there
Who the fuck is Delaney?
What the fuck was Terry doing there 
Fucking terry
What the fuck are we doing
Brad Stevens stuck with horrible rotations for way too long.
Terry fucked that defensive play way up.
WE CANT FUCKING BUY A BUCKET
terrible 2nd half Al
how is horford suddenly so cold from 3?
Rozier is so bad this game. His D is so bad and seems lost half the time 
TERRIBLE CALL
What the fuck Marcus. What a waste of a possession 
Scary Terry coming in to close this.

We're bound to force a turnover soon, our D is on this
Trap game, Dedmon and Belinelli keeping them way too close to my liking.
I hate Schroder so much
Guys we play 3 fucking games in 4 nights
Got to give it up to the Hawks. A handful of no-names in the rotation all playing hard.
###fuck
I officially think this game is poorly officiated. Too bad really
WTF is going on...
right now isn't the time for bad marcus
WTF HOW IS THAT GERMAN BITCH NOT MOVING?!
How about this bullshit. Fucking Marc Davis crew.
Marcus getting smacked around, holy crap.
This is some fucking game! Let's go Celtics!
Al needs to find an assist ffs! :/ 
that is such fucking bullshit.  Is he shooting or doing a ballet spilt?!?
brown has a handful of bonehead plays this game
Jesus Christ the Hawks get every single fucking call
Marco with the Reggie Miller leg flail. Fuck this. 
Why the fuck is Nader in 
I couldn't see the replay. Was that third foul on Jaylen as downright dirty as it looked?
Kyrie and Jaylen both with 2 not good.
These guys are clearly tired. 
Still hate Schruder's stupid face 
is marcus smart the worst fastbreak player in the league
I hope this hawks announcer gets throat cancer and loses his voice
Dewayne Dedmon is possibly the worst NBA player right now
WHY IS LARKIN IN THE GAME....

Lord it's just dumb.
Wtf is this trash lineup? Could've blown them out. 
Oh ya, we are losing this game.
They shot badly and are moving back towards the mean against us.
They're obviously so fucking biased LMFAO BOSTON DELUSIONAL FANS

-r/nba
Sexiest national anthem since Marvin Gaye at the All-Star game 1983
Yeah, they started the game playing hard, and are already showing signs of fatigue.
A lot of the team is cold, not worried too. And Jaylen's been in foul trouble. Kyrie and Horford doing the heavy lifting thus far. 
I took Celtics -4 1H and Celtics -8 for the game


First quarter always seems like our worst quarter. Brad's an elite adjuster.
They played Nader for like 20 minutes. It's a sandbox game 
Seriously, they suck. I could have done that shit
just gotta hold them to 4 for the rest of the game
It's overused to me though, it gets annoying to hear it every time down the court
Mike was brutal on the Hawks in the mid-00s. I remember him saying "this building is a JOKE" in response to them playing timeout music on the PA while the game was still going.
Wasn't that bad.
That thing has pissed me off for the past like 4 years 
it's the negative language that gets us the Ws -- keep it coming (i'm serious, per the flair)
Yup. It's not a problem to put in Kyrie to solve the game but why not see what the bench can get. Their center dropped the ball like 3 times under the basket, they're simply not a good team.
Game starts at 10:30 PM here in Brazil... So imagine when the game starts at 10:30 ET... 3 hours difference =(
This sub would explode in anger.
That guy was a fucking dick too, imagine if your company brought that prick in for a day of team building exercises?! 
Hate him so much. Fuck that stupid blond patch
Now Theis is sad.
I always begrudgingly appreciate the blatant heat check.
I mean it's just a matter of time
He's resting, not sure what they're on about
Celtics: say no more fam
It’s stupid nfl does
Terry runs around like a headless chicken on offense too
He's cash from the line too, so at least there's that.
They were picking him apart. Sometimes it's just a bad matchup.
Yeah, mine is bad tonight too
Shit....my stream must be behind....
We're shooting bad, they are shooting good.  We had a god awful offensive linup in for a while.  
Baynes looks tired af
We look a bit sluggish, but we seem to start every game slow...
because of fucking Lou Merloni. I wish i was kidding.
Nader in the game??
he looks tired as shit
Go to Detroit and beat the crap out of some Pistons fans? I'm with you so far...
I mean, it's tough to tell them from the starters in ATL
and you're too late
Schroeder has gotten every fucking call
He played from the beginning of the 4th. He’s probably quite tired.
NOT TRUE!!! 
Assist shy of a triple double =/= shitting the bed? Ban yourself.
Get outta here ya silly goose!
Much respect! I'm working some crazy hours throughout the week so it may be tough. I'll be in Rotterdam and Amsterdam. Please let me know if you have recommendations on what to check out!
I didn’t see you dancing, sorry. So are you trying to gain the attention of everyone on the Boston Celtics now? Coach not enough?
Yeah, but it's awkward as fuck after dude. 
On defense :(
Ignore my stupidity, just one. Counting is hard
Yes sir, I'm an idiot. 
they have been calling it like that every single game this season
I've been riding the C's since the game @ Milwaukee 

Can't stop now
I'm just being selfish bc I bet on Jaylen's point total 
It wasn't excessive contact imo.  
Half hoping for OT but it makes me feel guilty
Oh so you're just a troll. Bad read on my part 
I wish I had a dad :(
Wish I had a Brad :( 
GE can't even get the lights to work wtf? 
Gordon Hayward still shooting the lights out even with a broken ankle.
you mean Chocolate Jesus? He is filthy and everyone loves him. Maybe an allstar this year and definitely one next year
I guess you could say progression? But AFAIK, regression to the mean works in both directions, yeah.
Some fans even rather have Okafor rot for a year than have him potentially turn his career around in Boston. The hatred for this kid is unreal. He is being treated so carelessly and unfairly by the Sixers franchise.
It's going to be a sad day when they stop calling them together.
Fuck that pulled on the heart strings. 
what do you mean?? they're going to broadcast together forever
wouldn't be surprised if other team's fans gave Tommy crap for being a homer at the age of 119.
Fuck
I hope I'm wrong too. However the man is in his 80s, if he's winding down I imagine the decision is from him not NBC  
> Sadly I can't see Pierce being a commentator, he's... just a bit too ghetto.

what the fuck dude
tired of just getting a little taste
Lakers +26 :(
Confused
Math is Math but can't we just put 0% on some team to not win the finals? 
fuck you 538
This is updated to include up to yesterday's game. They gave us a record after the preseason of 47-35 with Hayward.
I know, I messed up the title - This is a cumulative look at the season up to and including last night's game.  Not a standalone look at the game.
Was that  dirty Rozier step back 3 this week. It should get an honorable mention 
How but that drive and free throw line fade away tonight.  Nasty.  
Any chance we can get post game interviews?
You can subscribe to his youtube channel.

 He also runs https://www.reddit.com/r/CelticsHighlights/

I'm not sure what you want from the dude.
If you could just scream it though, that would be helpful, because I’m a little hard if hearing. 
These are the types of post game interviews I was talking about. https://instagram.com/p/BbQohlkAdHt/
Late to the AL bandwagon. Shame on me. 
Why are we so obsessed with shitting on players who no longer play for us?
You tell me, Portland had one of the worst cap situations in 16, 17 and still in 18 for basically....a 8th seed level team. 
Those Cavs announcers are awful 
Yeah no kidding, that's some of the worst basketball announcing outside of Reggie Jackson
That’ll be tough as I don’t think there’s any team that could challenge the Celtics. 
Hard to argue when the maths is all there
Just when I thought: "oh a smart dude with an educated post about the Celtics.", I see you give the Warriors game 4 and actually suggest we don't go 16-0 in the playoffs. Are you crazy?! What a ridiculous post. 
I can get behind this
I don't know man, but I feel we are going to sweep the Warriors in the Finals. I think the streak will stop on the opening night because the players are still recovering from championship hangover and the emotions brought about by the ring ceremony before the game.
cold hard math
at least 22
We'll probably have negative losses to end the playoffs, so somewhere around 200-(-102)
I know it seems crazy but that's what the formula spit out!
I'm sorry to hear that
FUCK THE LAKERS 
Is it wrong to give Kyrie and Tatum the nickname the Duke boys?
Did they ever update the Switch version? I want the game (even though I kind of hate 2K) on Switch so I can ball anywhere, but I've been hoping they fix up some of those issues.
The water in Cleveland is tainted. That team doesn't want to play the game. I'm just waiting for them to implode. 
Terry is just insane but Marcus and Semi are just like massive, and must be so annoying to play against lol
Totally. The fact they can shoot 44% from the field and 33% from three, with their two "stars" (Irving and Horford) both having mediocre games, and it still be a blow out?! 

[All I can say is](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/RmCtU6kNnuQ/maxresdefault.jpg)
What do you mean by CBS era?
Imagine if you combined Jaylen and Jayson into a single player. Would be such an insane prospect. 
Crazy cause it never felt like we got anything going all game but we blew it out in the 4th and Larkin played just about the whole quarter. I think his court leadership is underrated.
Hey don't try and hand us the crazy ones, he's still part of the American gene pool
I like how you casually just say "CBS" like we're all supposed to know what that means.
I think it depends on the game
Its fucking horrible. Cleaely already last night we saw Theis lose minutes... Fucking RIDICULOUS. THIS HAPPENED last year WITH jerebko as well. Now I sit and wonder
No doubt... Exponentially better... Slide In a little semi when you need that mobile lock down PF / SF... Damn our team is nasty. 
Still crazy to think we got Theis on a 2 year partially guaranteed deal. Those are the types of signing that the Spurs have always done well with, so it's encouraging to see.
Sinking ship. That franchise is sick on the inside. . 
what the fuck are you on 
Kyrie and Horford’s two man game is unstoppable in the 4th
Follow Up Tweet: [That's second only to the Warriors.] (https://twitter.com/ByJayKing/status/927411054979702785)
No I do not forget the game the Celtics won as a team.
IT back in the garden...whos cutting onions again?
My bad
Not sure why yours looks like that.  Mine looks like this: https://imgur.com/f6Cqz56
Yah that's weird.  BUt anyways, the point is that Tatum's shooting crazy high percentages while guys like Durant/Melo struggled out of the gate.  I'm curious what Tatum would be doing if he was getting 19 shots per night on a bad team.  Probably much closer to Durant's 20ppg.  
I think the Faker game is time for their debut
this sounds like it could be a joke tweet about how banal interview responses are
I'm stiff
I mean why else was he at Pats training camp this year?
My fucking heart :’)
i know what you mean but i think you worded that poorly
Steals are weirdly underrated because it can look bad when you gamble and lose. I think it's a mistake to not be aggressive and go for steals in the manner of how NFL teams are sometimes too conservative about not going for it on 4th and short. 
our quote game is on the rise
Thats the scary thing

Brad Stevens' led teams almost always get off to slow starts 
I’m afraid our rookies will hit a wall soon with all these games, but this team is vastly surpassing my expectations after the Gordon injury 
disgusting. love seeing our 2 way contracts slaying it in the G league
We'll trade you Lue and the 2018 Nets pick for Stevens.  Seriously.  :(
I understand :(
We don’t squander leads like we used to.  Last year was very frustrating in that respect.
Game #27 last year, compared to game #9 this year.
I would fucking hate to be the other team when Semi and Smart are both in the game. Those jacked motherfuckers eat opposing bench units alive on defense
i don’t mean to over react or anything but the USA ‘92 Dream Team couldn’t touch us 
Celtics what the fuck
I look forward to this every game. Give this man the Gold
God damn “I just traded you” is so fucking savage 
This is why we post game thread
Trap game against lanta tomorrow.

This team legit doe.
GET FUCKING USED TO THAT STATEMENT, BROTHER.
i’ve forgotten what it’s like to lose a game 
Godell inju.. wait wrong sport. Silver injured Gordon so people would bother watching the NBA this season.
Regardless of record, that would be the coolest fucking accomplishment.
Lets just take it one game at a time.
Al Horford is Bad Boys 2 era Will Smith.  Rozzay is Damon Wayans.  Brad Stevens is Mark Hammil.  Marcus is Anthony Anderson.
what the fuck
That's a dangerous game because obviously we're gonna go undefeated when shirtless too, then sports superstition rules say he's going to have to go shirtless through a New England January-February.
Uhhhhh I got it for christmas years ago. Just some random website, dont remember.
Game 1 I was decked out in Celtics gear because I was so hyped, and Game 2 I was at the game. Guess I ain't going out anytime soon.
oh damn. I'm the dumb one.
:/
Goodell couldn't find anything bad that TB12 has done so he decided to curse Hayward and that's why.
DAMN this thread is raunchy af, and I'm not complaining. 
Idk I think we should embrace the meme instead of getting annoyed at it. 
The pace of the game was slower in 2012 too, so that makes this defense even beyyer
>2009

Fuck Utah and their shitty floor for ruining that season
:(
Ohhhhh my bad, fk thats an obscure as stat
I think it was a vid of him dribbling n this just got him in an awkward pose
BPM =/= plus-minus
that is rate adjusted, the broadcast was showing raw.
Gonna need a source other than their graphics department.

NBA.com does show him 14th ... behind Horford and Kyrie:  https://stats.nba.com/players/traditional/?sort=PLUS_MINUS&dir=-1
I still don't see him ranked "3rd" in +/- anywhere.  [NBA.com lists him 14th](https://stats.nba.com/players/traditional/?sort=PLUS_MINUS&dir=-1)... Horford and Kyrie ahead of him.

Fake news.
Fuck you talkin bout?  I made this video:  https://streamable.com/gl1vb
The graphic was correct at the time it was made. You're repeating false claims after they've already been proven false. See the difference?
hard pass

Which of the clowns on Celticblog were you?  I don't recognize your name.  I hear that place went to shit ever since LarBrd33 took his talents to Reddit.
fake news
We could be up 3-1 on the Warriors on the finals, 2 minutes to go, up by 15, and some of y'all would STILL find some dumb shit to bitch about
I love Celtics game threads

*player A misses shot:* “why is this bum on this team! Jesus Brad, get him off the court!”


*player A makes shot* “why haven’t we extended them yet! Jesus Danny, give him a contract!”


I'm hyped as fuck. As much as it sucks for the NBA players.. I am ecstatic we have a game tomorrow night as well.
held that team to 38 points...great fucking job on defense
THEIS STILLL WILL SCORE NO MATTER WHAT THEY CONSQUESNCES!~!!! HE WILL ALWAYS SCORE INTR HE GAME
How the fuck is Baynes shot so god damn wet
When you think about our defensive rating after a game paced like this 😍😍😍
Yabu's PER dropped 10 points on that missed 3 :/
wHY Is ShANe LArKin eVEn iN tHe GaME?
That's a Scary Terry shot
Man, some scouts just had Tatum penned totally wrong
Fuck the refs this year wtf
Wtf Jaylen has 18
How is that a foul on Al? wtf is this shit
Marcus with the signature "gimme that" steal to close the half!
Fuck all you Larkin haters
Marcus Morris looked like a fat person on the MBTA fighting for a seat, nasty shot.
im gonna have a kid one day just so i can send him into the arenas to beat up other kids who dab 

im gonna train him like karate kid... and i mean by making him watch karate kid movies. but yes, dabbing will be extinct one day. 
#FUCK ALL REFEREES
DANNY TRADE THIS DRUNK IRISH FUCK, HE CANT THROW A PUNCH TO SAVE HIS LIFE

Lakers/SAC pick + Rozier for McGregor, lets go

Jaylen seems like money from around the line during the game, but bad at FTs. Maybe it's mental?
That's an atrocious call 
Horford is so fucking cash
These refs are making this game so choppy...
I guess we can’t fucking buy a shooting foul
How are you gonna call that weak bullshit on Al and then not when he’s getting hacked in the paint. 
No Theis = No Win 
So sweet that the Cavs lost again, they were really pathetic against the Hawks... LMAOROTF
Dj ET got a wonky eye
Two games in a row where teams just shoot until they lose to us. We're getting spoiled, and when things get tough it's gonna be... really tough
Wow its just not Kyrie's day :(
for anybody watching a stream thats showing the halftime show in Orlando... that poor dog
JaYlEn BroWn iS BaD On ThE ROaD

Still needs to work on those FTs tho.
Anyone here going to the Atlanta game tomorrow? I'd be down for a meet up. 
These travel calls are so annoying this year
That boxing match was lazy and uninspired. Not impressed 2/10.

Stop fucking shooting Morris
Late fucking whistle crew what the fuck
That euro is nasty
all i want is to check in with Kyle :(
Al's fuckin mad
I hate Aaron Gordon because he looks like Aaron Judge and fuck the Yankees. Petty but oh well
WE ARE FILTHY
HOLY SHIT TATUM!!!
Trap game alert
Marcus Smart and Marcus Morris on the court at the same time.

The number of awful shots we are gonna take will be in the millions.
Hey to all my peeps! Been waiting for this since the end of the last game. LET'S GO CELTICS!
Jesus. This intro is so insanely over the top....
This game is ugly af
Horford + Kyrie is just mean
Wow ref bought on that head fake so hard.
Aaron Gordon is scary
This is ridiculous. Hit a fucking shot. 
i was about to get mad at rozier then it went in 😂😂
Terry hit it, but foot on the 3pt line is the worst shot in basketball
Don't upset my husband. Brad and Horford are so mild-mannered and both upset, done fucked up refs!
that 1 ref is sooo bad 
Just when I thought I COULD NOT love Brad anymore than I do.. 
Kyrie is so woke on defense he intercepts almost every game. It's crazy. How can one be so asleep in the basic physics but so woke on the court?
There've been some weird calls tonight.
Referees are SHIT!
Fuck off refs
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT PASS???
SCARY TERRY 
Seriously, wheres Theis? Are we like shadow not playing him?
What the fuck is this lineup? And how are they doing so well?
I want them under 80 so bad
Baynes is fucking killing it on the bench this game.
Morris's shot selection is atrocious 
I think this is the game. Kyrie 35+.
Orlando looks amazing.. so cold here in Boston. And with Daylight Savings, it'll get dark so soon :(
We always start off so slow on the road, we re not always going to combeack from deficits u know
We always start off slow.
kyrie is gonna take over this game
Fuck the refs
OH FUCK SWOOPY TERRY
SCARY
Ugly game
Rozier has a weird obsession with trying to split the pick and roll
I hate this line up SO MUCH
What an ugly game...
My god what terrible Basketball
That earring was ridiculous 
This game needs some spice, get in Theis! 
for being 7-2 our offense is hard to watch 
anybody got a link to watch the game?
I hated the it4 pull up 3’s and I hate them when Kyrie tries them 
Terrence Ross is so bad holy fuck
What ever happened with Hezonja? Has he played that bad he still can’t get playing time?

Some bad calls these last couple of minutes. 
Bad call? That definitely looked like at least an over the back on AG
Fuck the refs
All in all, a pretty bad offensive half for the Celtics and they still scored 49 points and are up 11. I'll take it, I guess. 
Tatum ain’t getting no love on offense
Kyrie is a little out of position defensively. Needs to do the hard work beforehand
is everything a fucking foul on us
Do people realize that Basketball is a game of runs?
Officiating is shit!
How do we get fucked by the refs every game? Every single game. 
Anyone have suggestions on how to dethaw some ground sausage when my microwave is broken? Really want to make biscuits and gravy :(
Fuck these refs dog wtf
No more partying for Rozier. He's been bootycheeks since he donated money to those strippers. 
They're just a little late on a few of these passes tonight.
Rozier is a fucking beast
Scary T
I just got exhausted watching that
Marcus had to jump stop under the basket on that steal, jumpstop and pump fake is gonna either be a foul or a basket
People are going to start getting really fucking pumped up to battle the Celts. 
Yo Orlando spelt Simmons' name wrong!~
So how bad does Al get booed by Atlanta tomorrow?
Another game where we don’t need to tire the GOAT in the 4th!!! 
storyline of the game: Orlando hit a brick wall in the 2nd quarter, gave up and only took bad shots the rest of the game. Five went in, the others ALL missed
Isaac has some crazy cheekbones

This game isn't over yet 
trap game
Get Morris the fuck out
And of course FUCK THE FAKERS!!!! 
We got this game
not so bad.  
But, very slow start.
Settle down y'all, Morris didn't play at all in the preseason he's rusty. Game will come to him. We will step up as the game moves on, both teams starting slow. I think Jaylen is still concussed from Westbrook's WWE move tho
Did you guys catch the Cavs vs. Hawks game? Was it close throughout?
Can Jaylen like, pump fake?
Play the got damn game pls
Some careless passes
This game is cancer.
This is UGLY
Man does Biyombo just keep getting worse?
Fuck yes Bill, looking forward to pac 12 games coming up 
They need to get Walton on national NBA game broadcasts
Don’t pivot, that’s a travel.. wtf
These travel calls are so fucking unnecessary
Dad sucks. 
What the fuck refs jesus
They're making every contested jumper it's frustrating AF.
Such a sloppy game
no more turnovers please
What's with the random fouls ffs
I swear Marcus is afraid of layups
C's must have had at least 30 deflections / steals.
Fournier is cold
Garbage time. Put out the bench and lets get this game over with.
Larkin in the game, what could go wrong here. 
So damn sloppy
I want Avery back :(((
if Marcus smart was skinnier and played bad defense he'd be Terrence Ross 
This game has been hard to watch tbh.
Jaylen is just bad at going back up with rebounds. 
MORRIS IS FUCKING TRASH GET HIM THE FUCKING FUCK OUT PLEASE
we are absolutely terrible this game..
Fucking dammit Jaylen
Hey, look another 1st quarter were the offense doesn't even attempt to get Tatum involved. Meanwhile everyone and their mother is jacking up awful shots.
Fucking pathetic defense right now. 
Why is Shane Larkin in the game?

Seriously dumb.
oh my god how can a game be this boring. seriously there is nothing going on...
Shane Larkin is terrible.

Truly garbage. We literally have 3 guards ahead of him on the roster. He should never be in the game unless it's garbage time.
Jesus christ this team is atrocious right now
BAD BOT
LOL DAE hate the sports talk radio guys?!?

Seriously, every thread on this sub has a comment about someone on the radio. I’m so sick of this circlejerk. If you don’t like them, stop listening.
Go home fongos, ya drunk
Which comment inspired you to type this? Not that you're wrong necessarily..
im a big jaylen brown fan, but hes not really even mediocre, for a guard hes terrible
Just go to their game thread on r/orlandomagic  they've all already turned the tv off. 
Who are we kidding, Burr can’t even fucking read.
Yes. You can take jumpers from the ft line as long as you stay behind the line
Rozier shoots the ball off the dribble WAY more often than he should it drives me insane
It's literally a competition between Celtics guards to determine worst shooter in the NBA.

Smart: 30.1 FG%, 29.0 3P%, 68.2 FT%
Rozier: 38.1 FG%, 31.7 3P% 72.7 FT%
Orlando crowd is mad sketchy 
FUCK YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!
Unfortunately, it was another shooting. Over 20 dead.
That was the worst call and does nothing other than feeds a refs ego
Tom as in Brady? Who the fuck is saying Brady is overrated?!?!?
idk yabu always goes hard
Fuck yes. Easiest $99 dollars i've ever spent. 


 

^\(nz)
You at the game?
The worst shot in basketball is the one that doesn't go in
And don't let him leave until he's at *least* 20%
He's always at the line after a bad shooting night it's why people shitting on him is so stupid he obviously puts in the work.
You should check out the mashup of "Yeah" with the music from Dokey Kong Country, it'll fuck you up boy
Not a good matchup they have a lot of wings playing the 4 and he's not great defending to the 3 point line yet.
And that crazy uncle Drew.
I don't hate Larkin. I don't hate any basketball players in the "fandom" sense of hate.

But he is not good. He is not good at all.
That seriously should be an award 
Your stream must be 25 minutes behind
They aren't frustrated at all right now
He got the call at least this time 
Crowd will be 75% empty so not that bad
We've been saying that for 3 seasons.

It is a travesty. His offense is truly that bad too.
Didn't realize the game was over
no, that game's tomorrow
Wrong. Mods ban him.
I think Ty Lue just sucks
> watching the skins game

Disgusting 
Didn't look bad at all when it happened, he played through it
I mean, in this game? yes. In general, idk man.
Bad offense good defense 

Orlando did bad on both ends
"The system has yet to fail us"
But he doesn't have the infamous four-second-windup into the jumpshot.
That’s Kyrie’s game, he’s not going to change now. 
At least you and him have something in common.
It makes a little sense!
I thought the first half of the OKC game was horribly boring as well so hopefully it turns around in the second.
I don't know, I know points wise it was the worst, but they hit a lot of contested shots. I thought the first or second quarter against OKC were both awful.
I know what you mean, I still chuckled at the overdone jokes though. 
Defender went straight up didn’t look that bad
Christ... No wonder they're hyped. If they get into the playoffs they're gonna get blown the fuck away by anybody they face
so far ive been called everybody's alt so you know what, fuck you 

if you are enjoying this game you have some issues, this is just absolutely dreadful effort on both sides by both teams
Orlando looks terrible too tonight
fuck the score we have 6 turnovers this quarter to their 1
Why? Both teams are missing random jumpshots, ugly passes, stepping out of bounds, actual real travels, sloppy play all around
not knocking on a win, the game is just not enjoyable. I'm just wondering what's with the downvotes when someone says a game is boring - a game in which both teams are shooting what seems about 10% from the field with a turnover every other possession
20 points in like 6 minutes is not fine. 
I've been keeping my window open for like the past month. I expect that's gonna stop soon though. :(
Seems almost entirely random to me
you watching the correct game?
my secondary team is NO
I don’t know, Miami is getting teams to take *more* threes even though they’re shooting a league worst 5% worse than normal.  At some point a three is a bad enough proposition you prefer they take that over switching to a two.
Would mean we'd have traded AB for draft compensation instead of Morris.
Damn /u/donspewsic has some balls going into /r/nba with common sense
30 minutes a game. 18/7/2 on 50% from the field. Those aren't bad numbers for a bench guy.
No, he stopped when Charlotte asked for the Nets pick. You're making me sick with this negativity seriously
Or when we would get 10-20 point leads only to blow them late and rely on KIT4 or fucking Evan Turner to save us?
you ever feel stupid? I feel stupid. 
Wouldn't the Cleveland game say LOST as well if that were the case?
There’s a disturbing lack of KAT in this thread...
Fuck I'd even (almost) trust Lue with that lineup.  


What the fuck is this sub sometimes
My God maybe your the idiot. Those aren't stats from just this season smart guy. Those are career stats. 
watch the game
Not sure why this is getting downvotes. Person could have watched the game and just tracked every time they put up a shot against Jaylen. 
Well duh
duh
Fake news
You want to see embarrassing, look at what was posted on this sub around the that draft:

https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/4k5lm7/why_i_think_the_celtics_should_go_for_okafor/

OP must feel like an idiot for it.
So ainge have bad scouts? Because they didn't say porzongis. Phil Jackson's scout told Phil to take Porzingis with the #1 pick if he had it.
He just doesn't seem to have the desire to play hard...
are there stories of Okafor's bad work ethic?
Al is a Master of Basketball, why would we let him go? His game is still improving, for pity's sake.
Ice cold! And ageist!! I think Al's game will age well, and he might be willing to take less to stay with us.
not sure if he can play in brads system
>AB's D has been regressing annually.

...the fuck? 


Nader is awful.

Please Brad, swap him with Jabari Bird. 
As Tommy would say (or shout): 'RIDICULOUS!'
yeah I won't downvote the thread but its not fair to say overpriced, the creation of the Max Contract made these deals what they are. You could compare production, but these types of players are practically guaranteed that type of money in FA because of it.
In 2021 does role player mean MVP? 
How the fuck are you going to disrespect the GOAT like that?
If the Celtics are not winning championships every 6 months something went terribly wrong 
I was confused by that too, but I did some research and found out "role player" is just another way to say GOAT
Neither, but if forced AD
Was going to make this post. The Joe Johnson trade was terrible because we got Rogers as a loan for a couple months but didn’t even get to the finals or resign him. The deal made no sense at the time or in hindsight.
Behind who? 
With the game on the line, I want the ball in MJ's hand, with my life on the line, I want it in Larry Bird's hand  - Pat Riley.....

That is all you need to know. 
He was the worst. Couldn't make a shot, terrible teammate, overinflated ego, terrible passer, weak on the boards, no heart for the game. 
[Bron is not a better passer than Bird](https://youtu.be/EhnRtgBGMl4)
our defensive problems did not occur while Thomas played with our starters, thus it wasn’t playing against starters that explains the awful defense
Too bad I live in Washington
He such a bad announcer, worst hot takes ever. Basically is just jealous of lebron the whole damn time
theis & baynes facescans on 2k are shocking haha
Without the minutes condition, Scary Terry actually has the highest defensive rating

#staywoke
#     #scary
the bball-ref stats are just estimates, and not very good ones. you can read about how they're calculated [here](https://www.basketball-reference.com/about/ratings.html).
Use NBA Stats. Basketball Reference defensive and offensive ratings are calculated in some weird outdated way. I know it's been discussed on /r/nba quite a bit in the past. 
Look at Ball and Fultz. This game can't fully be measured by statistics. 
Yeah it sounds like NBA.com's defensive rating is useless in determining individual defense as well. 
This doesn’t make sense as a serious question or as a joke.
There is a very small chance that the Lakers pick conveys. I don't know why people keep mentioning the pick like there's anymore than like a 10% chance it conveys
They don't have to be. It's still a lottery. They could be 8th worst team and still convey the second pick. 
His manager said it was highly unlikely he came back. He is RIP this season. He just broke his leg and all of our dreams in 5 minutes. That's all he'll do this season. RIP. 
Why do you hate the Celtics yet are here constantly
Not sure why everybody who is slightly skeptical of haywards ability to come back and be a perennial all star is downvoted to oblivion and told they hate the Celtics 
Highly unlikely? So your sayin theres a chance? I still believe!
Tyronn Lue is such a bad coach
The article needlessly throws shade at kyrie at the end by mentioning he's a flat earth quackjob and not intellectual.   They aren't wrong, but stick to the story. 
Young Pierce was as athletic as Jaylen when you account for strength. His strength was freakish for a 2 guard.

Walker, like Tatum, wasn't that athletic for an NBA player. But they're both insanely coordinated and have another physical trait to make up for it (in Tatum's case, his go-go gadget arms).
wait, there are two things wrong w/ your statement:

1) if the NBA was solely selecting 24 all-stars regardless of conference, that would make it *harder* for someone like horford to get in

2) the player pool will still consist of 12 players from the east and 12 players from the west. it's the "draft" that will switch things up.
I stay switching between doubting him and praising him, and I feel bad for it, I gotta stop it 
Anybody else shocked this cuck still hasn’t been banned? Not using a cuck to insult Johnny(Ivan) just pointing out what he is 
Regardless he's never going to say he's going to be back this season. He's not going get people's hopes up or set unrealistic expectations 
As Brad Stevens would say, let's take it one game at a time. 
Seriously. I can just see us losing to the Lakers in a let down game 
Al daddy revenge game?
I agree with you but the reasoning is terrible 
I personally don’t agree. I take Isaiah nailing insane shots averaging like 20 points in the fourth over blowing out bad teams
 Think he’s behind someone 
Everyone's sleeping on Semi's 3-pointer...it tied the game!
wtf that deeeefense boiii OP C'S UPP!!
I know I'll get roasted by all the locals but Tommy is well past his expiration date.   He is the laughing stock of the NBA.   Pronouncing words wrong, using the wrong word entirely, not watching the play, constant whining omfg....Tommy is the worst!!    
Hubie sucks so bad. Mr obvious. Drools on repeating the same shit every game.
Player A shoots jump shot, front rims it. Hubie: "he's tried to shoot it but he's missed because he didn't elevate enough and so that's why he's missed".
Thanks for pointing it out on EVERY SINGLE PLAY HUBIE! 
He is fucking terrible.
Man, I totally disagree. Hubie was embarrassing and outdated, condescending and incomprehensible. Funny there's another thread going about how terrible Hubie is. I already vented over there, I'll spare you my rant again. 
I mean, it works. They ball.
Can we start having box scores in the post game threads? THAAAAANKS
Tell you what about Boston though. Look at the number of the comments in that game thread. All other teams would have left the moment they hit -18, we all fucking stayed. The spirit of the city is translating globally. 
I was at the game. Loud city got awful quiet after Big Al dad dicked them. 
I might just watch that 5 point play on loop all day till tomorrow's game.
This team is going to be so fucking disgusting with Hayward and the draft pick we get. Holy shit.
Kyrie is a bad man!!
It sucks that according to Nate Silver and 538 we're only going to go 30-43 the rest of the way :(
I was getting so emo watching them focus on al horf :( thought we would lose the game as a result
Didn't it seem like the Thunder were intentionally fucking with Jaylen?

  I don't know if they were trying to get in his head or what, but it seemed like they were trying to take him out of the game.
Yes, sorry about that. 
Yeah, I mean, Melo learned all his moves from Jayson
Seriously. Forget year 2. I can't wait for game 10!
He made a decision to make a decision. He didn't decide on his decision. It's complicated. You wouldn't understand.
Mean Mr. Morris
Let's sacrifice a Brooklyn game and let Kyrie go for 101.
But Kyrie didn't want to play with Bron, that must mean he's trash. /s
Yep, he's focusing on his form rather than just focusing on making the shot. It'll come tho, he has an insane work ethic.
Scary Terry is getting 3 steals against the Lakers next week. Calling it now.
That was the game Rondo tore his ACL
The Thunder game was a coaching *tour de force*. Trusting Morris to start and finish the second half, playing a 2nd-round rookie in crunch time, half-time adjustments, resilience in the face of bad calls and a big deficit, etc..
everybody has to shut up and let Danny do Danny, proving everyone wrong since ever 
Morris is going to have to play Semi off the court. It’s crazy that I had to make that statement 
You'd be surprised. Horford isn't that flashy kinda player who has a ton of highlights a lot of casual fans forget about his good after a bad game. 
blacked out :(
This team is going to be ridiculous with Hayward.
I can't decide if this is :'( or :')
wish my Dad was out there with the rest of the guys :( 
After this game I'm a firm believer in Kyrie Tatum Brown Hayward Horford
:'()
fuck off
When everybody has poor shooting nights against your team, eventually you start crediting the defense. 
Especially with the year Scary Terry is off to
scal's got a ring, p george doesn't, game over
Wtf? NBCSB had the game tonight too? I watched the whole thing on fucken ESPN. Jesus. 
I hate living in Fairfield County CT. Not being able to get NBC Sports Boston fucking sucks. 
Brutal. Savage. Rekt.
Damn Scal that’s cold blooded 
And scal started every single game 
What was it? I was watching the ESPN broadcast (which sucked, btw. the play-by-play guy was really dull and boring, but Hubie was aight)
Oh god Hubie was the worst. He had to provide a stat for every single play, and some were just so esoteric and uninteresting. It felt like watching the game with a really annoying guy who wants to tell you how much they know about basketball without providing any real insight. 
Fuck all of /r/nba for saying kyrie is overrated.. He's got fucking ice in his veins! And horford just dragged all of Oklahoma to the mines of moria!
Horford 8/10- 4/4 from 3. My god. Him and Kyrie soooo clutch at the end. What a game 
BIG DICK FUCKING AL HORFORD
Horford is nasty
WHAT DID I TELL YOU GUYS!? FUCK YEAH CELTICS UP!!! https://www.reddit.com/r/bostonceltics/comments/7anslf/game_thread_boston_celtics_62_oklahoma_city/dpbjvn3/
Kyrie had 0 turnovers tonight. Think about the amount he handles the ball in tough situations... 0 turnovers. 
HOLY FUCK BOYS!!! THEY DID IT!!!
Brad. Fucking. Stevens. 
Off topic but I'm watching nets-lakers. Tyler zeller is FUCKING AWFUL
Kyrie Fucking Irving !!!
Had a shit day at work and my grandma has been suffering health issues which worsened today. Just gimme the banner 18 boogie already!!!!!
WHAT A GAME.
Sorry Jaylen... Al Horford is my Dad tonight.
NO OT TONIGHT. BALL GAME
LETS FUCKING GO
Semi's biceps with the lock down defense late in the game
box in a few

LIAR!!!!!
FUCK! i fell asleep after the 1st half. Damnit.
Yep, this team is legit. Or OKC is worse than people thought. 

Why not both?
Tatum’s continued poise in these big matchups. Him hitting that three over Anthony in the 1st…
Holy shit Irving with that 5-point play
Toughness—Rozier bowling Adams over, Morris annoying Anthony down low
Al. Horford. 
These boyz proved they can get out of trouble!
14 Team fouls for the game? That is absurd. 
Seriously I can't be hyped about this at all. Horrible performance all around with Horford and Kyrie the exceptions. I can't shake the feeling that OKC simply threw it away
Al Horford is ice cold
Nah, that was the Cleveland game. Fuck. What? They didn't? Damn it, Cleveland sucks, how did we not?
It wasn't close to a blowout at the outset, we didn't let it get that far. But we looked bad, couldn't drive to the basket or knock down a jumper, while OKC was shooting lights out.
That move on Adams was fucking RIDICULOUS MY GOD
I WANT THAT FUCKING GOOOOOLD
Ice  Freaking cold
Fuck all of that sub for anything ever. Mouth breather wastoids 
horford literally went steph curry what the fuck
As usual, you are the man, man!
Fuck that guy
Looked at his match history and i dont think hes actual a celtics fan at all, dude does nothing but hate on us.
oh its been a thing for years.. literally followed him to the celtics >.>
Al Fucking Horford !!!
fuck yes
You can't lead frpm the 1st quarter every game dude.
No lol
Those people hate basketball
The earth is actually a geoid. So Kyrie isn't wrong by saying the earth isn't a sphere. 
What the fuck who are you??  I'M Bradley's wife!!
BURN THAT THREAD WITH FUCKING FIRE!!!
I could have sworn I saw basketball but maybe my brain was just reading it that way because of the context haha. my bad
Get used to that shit. This team has drunk the kool-aid. And Brad Stevens is the next Pop.
the game's not done don't jinx it!
I love this fucking team. We are LEGIT!!!!!
Biggest thing about Kyrie that's been blowing me away is how much he's been elevating his teammates. Two man game with horford has been insane.
And people will still say he's overpaid/past his prime because "he doesn't score 20 a game". Idiots. His game has evolved and aged like a fine wine.
Hard to have an opinion when not many facts to base it on
His game isn't predicated on athleticism either. I see him being a productive player for the length of his contract. 
Not to mention how collected and calm he is during crunch time when it comes to passing, not committing stupid fouls, and shooting. 
I think you mean middays on weei
boston sports radio is literally the worst
I'm somewhere in that thread defending Horf. That was so terrible, I hated the /r/nba hivemind for that.
And then when he does drive to the basket off the catch and explodes everyone's like "OMG! I didn't know he could do that!"  

He's so fucking savvy.
He looks lighter and faster this year, he must have worked *hard* this summer.
"with the possibility of a four point game"

Kyrie is ridiculous 
Kyrie be like, FUCK FOUR-POINT PLAY!
How about that finish over Westbrook.  Insane
Kyrie is a bad man... Dude is insane!!!
No worries. Still don't understand the down votes but at least you learned something
I agree with this, he does seem tentative at times but usually snaps out of it
Agreed. Each individual who likes the warriors is a horrible human that we both dislike. 

Grow up. 
I hate everything about this game so far. From the style to the rhythm to the officiating to the presentation to the announcing, I’m just getting bad vibes all around. 
PA announcer starting chants will forever be lame as hell
We got this game 105-101
THE MOTHER FUCKING EARTH IS FLAT!
Wait what so we’re not even gonna get that call, refs on they bullshit since pre game
That 3 seconds call will prove to be a complete fucking shift in momentum. Pathetic. Absolutely pathetic. Especially considering Adams has been camping all night and it won’t get called.
Give me a JB iso or Tatum iso over Smart iso any day of the week. Terrible last possession 
this team is unbelievable man. Stay woke 
This LeBron James vs. Washington wizards game is taking forever. 
how does no one see that?

These refs have been BAD early 
Ball game
To the post game thread gimme the boogie
we picked a bad day to give morris his first minutes of the season
BOS 13-42 FG, OKC 20-42 FG. The shots just weren't falling. Kyrie is 1-9.

WE SHALL RISE IN THE 2ND HALF. HEADS UP, BOYS!!!!!
I am so goddamn sick of Marcus not passing the ball to a WIDE OPEN Tatum on several possessions already...
FUCK THIS TEAM GETS ME HARD 
#THIS IS OUR FUCKING TEAM
Removed timeouts to stop delaying the game then this happens...
can the refs be warned for delay of game
Had a horribly shitty day today. All I want this Friday is to watch the banner 18 boogie. Let’s get it guys
Fuck Westbrick
Bad quarter. Let's bounce back.
3 second on us??!
HAVE YOU NOT SEEN ADAMS ALL FUCKING NIGHT?!!
35-18 run since the half!
how do you call a random 3 sec at this point
They are giving us this game. TAKE IT.
If Kyrie says the world is flat then fuck it I believe him! 
WTF THAT DELAY
This is ridiculous. Just wrap the game up already.
Yo it's past my fucking bedtime cmon refs Jesus Christ
we should be working morris into our team against a bad team not the fuckin thunder
who does a jump ball by throwing a haymaker?  Fuck Westbrook.
Of course people are overreacting on Morris. What the hell did I expect from a game thread. Happens every fucking time.
There needs to be a fight in this game 
FUCK EVERY SINGLE TEAM THAT ISNT THE BOSTON CELTICS
Jesus fucking christ Marcus, how?
#THE EARTH IS FLAT TONIGHT BOYS!! KYRIE FUCKING IRVING!!
Kyrie fucking Irving 
FIVE POINT PLAY FOR KYRIE! LET'S FUCKING GO!
Terrible decision to take that contested floater by Marcus...
weird start to this game
Looks like a give the ball to Tatum and get the fuck out of the way game
It's NBA not WWE Westbrook, wtf
Kyrie at 0 pts wtf
"If you can't handle me at my worst missed FT's you don't deserve me at my highlight reel dunks." - Jaylen Brown
4 point game ill take it
Fuck, finish your layups, guys.
FADE ME THE SPACING IS SO INFURIATING
HOLY FUCKING BALLS KYRIE IRVING
I'm sick, can the thunder just fuck off and lose 
#GAME, BLOUSES
Fucking why did he shoot a floater 
Can this shit ass Cavs game PLEASE BE OVER ALREADY
John Wall is NOT better than Kyrie 
What the fuck is that call 
Thats dirty
Fuck Westbrook.
This games a fucking joke
Holy shit Russ is annoying as fuck 
Marcus Morris hasnt played in an NBA game since March. People need to chill out.
These pussy fouls are ruining the game
I've never seen a professional sport where the officiation is this consistently bad 
This is like the 3rd game this season where the fucking refs wouldn't stop blowing their whistles...
These commentators need to shut the fuck up 
guard the fucking line Theis 
What the fuck why are leaving the 3 point line open as shit 
God damnit I hate my fucking life
well literally everything in that half went wrong except for Tatum
On opening night we were down by ~20 vs the Cavs and the game almost went to overtime.
Tatum’s looking like pierce out there. Hard to watch that block party to close out the half. 
# IT'S A GAME!
I'll take down 6 as bad as we are playing. LET'S GO! 
6 point game and we're having a horrendous night from the floor and ft line
**Highlight** 

[Aron Baynes shows textbook verticality leading to the Kyrie lay up for 2 cutting the deficit to 3](https://streamable.com/sqezc) | [Replay](https://streamable.com/o1xzt)
OKC looks tired. They'll probably use Melo at the end just gotta be careful not to draw unnecessary fouls while keeping the defense tight.
OKC need to be punished with a T for lazy play
In New England, I am streaming the game illegally in my underwear eating candy.
What the fuck even is life 
kyrie is a bad man
“KYrIe hAs 0 PoINtS wTF”
IF KYRIE IRVING HAS A GIRLFRIEND THEN I'M JEALOUS OF HER

BUT IF HE'S SINGLE IT'S HONESTLY WORSE
Dude HORFORD ON FUCKING POINT
The game is about buckets
Kyrie playing hero ball is what I always selfishly wanted to see
Average Al shifted into All Star Al this season and it's fucking glorious. 
jumping shouting alone watching this game! Kyrie!
Kyrie is so fucking clutch 
Ball game
FUCK WESTBROOK
Can someone PLEASE give Tatum the fucking ball?
This game is going to be tough but if there was a time for Jaylen to submit his early All-NBA defensive team candidacy, this would be it. 
I want this game 
Fuck Lebron James
Does this camera look a little farther out than usual?
Carmelo get a lazy bail out call. Fucking sickening.
What the fuck that’s a CHARGE
FUCK WESTBROOK
fucking announcers riding okc hard 
FUCK YOU PIECE OF SHIT WESTBROOK YOU’VE ALWAYS BEEN DIRTY
That's not how you do a fucking jump ball Westbrook 
that was so dirty...
How the fuck did that not get called 
They're fucking us with these calls for OKC
Jaylen is really bad at FT
We’ve missed every layup wtf
Fuck this Abrines guy
These refs blow terrible
What the fuck is that goddamn fucking foul
wtf are these refs doing 
This game is eerily reminiscent to game 2 against the bucks. Kyrie getting swarmed and unable to get open. Terry and Marcus not able to get the offense going and having to force up a shot late.
Their bench is at 19 pts wtf is this shit
I hate this 
Worst half of the season. Yikes.
God damn, they are fucking blocking everything.
Keep Theis in the game longer
anyone know what time the game starts
we seem to be allergic to passing off drives, wtf is happening
I hate seeing Al pass the ball when he's wide open from 3. 
What the fuck Jaylen? Even Roberson is fucking smirking.
Morris stop shooting... focus on D and passing dont need you to get rust off this game
Hey guys, game started
How the hell is this a 2 pt game, I feel like the Thunder have had the momentum all game...

Kyrie doing work.

Celtics fucking basketball.
Yeah Marcus let's just Iso and take a terrible shot instead of posting up Tatum 
Fuck the prediction machine
FUCK YEA KYRIE
#Kyrie FUCKING Irving
Fucking late ass foul
AL FUCKING HORFORD
WTF!!!!!!!

AL HORFORD! WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU?!!!!!
Fucking clutch af
Al Horford is unconscious right now holy crap
FUCK YEAH, KYRIE!
KYRIE THATS NOT NICE
Y'all said Kyrie needs to take over. He's cold as fuck and he iced this game. 
Kyrie fucking Irving.... Man this game was unbelievable 
tatum game mvp
I am so fucking hyped 
what I hate about this sport is the last minute is like an hour long
7 seconds 5 point game let it end
Plz end this game
Marcus who the fuck do you think you are
Smart taking an awful floater instead of kicking it to a wide open Tatum. Dude needs to understand his limitatons.
Fuck that fucking scumbag Westbrook
HOLY SHIT WE WON WTF HOW THE HELL DID THIS HAPPEN JESUS CHRIST
fuck the Cavs
LeBron just sealed the game.
Westbrook is annoying af
LETS 

FUCKING

GOOOOO
Is this the ref from the 76ers game?
Jaylen just forced Melo and Westbrook to airball
I feel like I'm watching this game from the nose bleeds 
Awful officiating this game
Fuck Russ 
FUCK YOU REFS
I feel like Angry Horford might be coming boys
They can't allow that shit. I mean, why would you do  anything else in a jump ball if you can just smack a guy in the face?
Fuck Westbrook for jamming our Lord and Saviour in the head. I hope Jaylen drops 40 on these motherfuckers. 
We're awful at FTs 
This is painful
this game is fucking pissing me off
Holy fuck. Do they every miss? 
30/29/50 shooting splits

fucking TERRIBLE 
Damn, no soup for you Theis :(
fucking refs
These fucking refs. Fuck off
This shit is starting out like the Sixers game 
Fuck. That.
fuck these announcers
Rough game for Ky
What's the point of inserting Kyrie into the game when Terry and Marcus are in?  They aren't going to pass the ball to him
God damn they are hitting Kyrie hard
Been hearing a lot of arenas using RTJ music lately.
Ugh this is frustrating.
So I guess they just don't fucking miss? wtf
Had to mute the espn feed got tired of listening to hubbie Brown slobbering on OKC knob
Every time we played OKC in the last 5 years has been EXTREMELY weird. 
God that trade was so awful for the Paxers
These offensive fouls are absurd. 
FINISH YOUR FUCKING LAYUPS 
This is so bad.
This has to be one of the worst halfs ive seen us play on offense that I can remember 
Painful to watch...
Kyrie gets fucking murdered and never gets any calls. What the fuck. 
What the fuck is going on????
I could see Brad going small this half
Let’s make it a game again Boston. Let’s go! Do it for G!
Jaylen went under the screen to allow the three, hence the timeout. Fuck the game, I just wanna see the Celtics punch these guys in the mouth so they're thinking about the next time.
Jaylen :(
I like Jaylens confidence, you can see he wants to take over this game so bad. He'll get there.
Angry Jaylen is unstoppable
Jaylen are you fucking serious
Fuck Steven Adams
What the fuck does OKC have against Jaylen?
Angry Jaylen bout to go all angry Brady on some Thunder ass
"hey oh i think we're making this home crowd sad let's give em some fouls on the Celtics aight?" - refs
Morris can you stop shooting you rusty fuck
these announcers are reaaalllly biased and it is pissing me tf out. at least try and show some neutrality my goodness
Wow what a difference there is when OKC isn't making GOD DAMN FUCKING EVERYTHING anymore
The thunder announcers are the effing worst, every thing that goes wrong is on the officials
I cannot explain how frustrated it's making me that this Thunder announcer keep going "The Thunder has" instead of "the Thunder have" 
Fuck me. 
Do we hate layups or something?
Terry fucking Rozier needs to pass that out instead of driving the rim completely out of control 
how the fuck are lay ups so difficult 
Rozier is having one of those games :/ 

Needs to slow down 
Is JB injured from the consecutive blatant flagrants??
TIE GAME
I just did some weird shit with my arms
FUCK YEA AL
KYRIEEEEEE MOTHER FUCKING IRVING
KY fucking Reeeeeeeeeeee.
Let's fucking goooooooooooo
this game has been so JUICY
Did Westbrook not just blatantly step out there?
Refs ruining this game
Horford is a superstar fuck you
HORFORD IS LITERALLY MY FUCKING FATHER

EDIT: HORFORD CAN FUCK MY FATHER
Horford is hurting the Thunder bad. Bad.
HORFORD IS SO FUCKING UNDERRATED WE DO HAVE A BIG THREE . PLEASE TAKE NOTICE r/nba
Time to go read the okc game thread 
I LOVE THIS FUCKING TEAM!!!!
Al Horford has been absolutely fucking clutch tonight.
AL FUCKING HORFOOOORDD YEAH GTFO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
M A N FUCKING STOP HORFORD THEY HAVE FAMILIES
Jesus I just reviewed my comments and have no idea wtf I said over these stressful couple of minutes lmfao. Please excuse the absurdity.. but I mean.. Al Horford is a DILF.
Someone fucking hold me I'm so nervous
G fucking G
KYRIE IS A MERCILESS FUCKING MURDERER
Time to sit Morris until the end of this game.
###WHAT THE FUCK IS UP WITH THESE CALLS JESUS CHRIST
Westbrook took Jaylen out of the game with his blast the skull. We need to get some bruisers out there and beat the shit out of those assholes. I want to see Semi take it in on Westbrook and blast him into the third fucking row. Give him seem feedback on pulling that shit on our boy.
We keep missing Tatum. Driving me crazy.

WHY DO PEOPLE STILL DAB, WHY, WHERE THE FUCK DO YOU SEE IT OR FIND IT????????????? JUST

WHY

DO

YOU

DO IT

STOP DABBING
I forgot how stupid and reactionary these game thread comments can be when we’re losing.
GO FUCK YOURSELF WESTBROOK YOU UGLY BITCH
Thought the game was at 9 :(
Need to take a break from Fifa Weekend League. Shit is frustrating as fuck
Hate that call
Way late, wtf
Fucking bogus call!!!!!!
Baynes is just so thick
JAYSON SO NASTY
That was the worst play of the game for Tatum so far, and he still buried it.
We'll need Kyrie to get into this game soon.

Melo and PG are on fire.
Shit calls and poor decision-making
I hate referees. 
Oh god it's gonna be the 76ers game all over again.
Wtf
Fuck Westbrook
I was gonna say that was fucking reckless of Russell. Dude knows his arms are cannons and he's just throwing them around like that
My "Celtics" stream has a distinct lack of Mick and Scal :(
Why is the Boston feed on league pass so shit in quality wtf
I hope Jaylen stays angry.  Break the backboard.
Refs against us

Bounces against us

Ball rolls against us

Just a bad quarter. Run the clock out and go let Brad fix it. 
FUCK ME THIS IS BAD
Get fucking angry, Celtics!!!
This is really ugly
I hope Morris' return doesn't mean that Semi will get buried on the bench.
Ugly first quarter. The shots will start dropping though. Kyrie having a bad start just means he'll ice them in the 4th.
We need spacing. Our guys are cutting on the Horford doubles but they need to stay away. OKC's length is gonna kill us
plus side no way they shoot 52% all game
Did they just call that a fucking foul!?
Worst call I've ever seen
Tough for kyrie to get going when nobody else is
OKC Defense is insane
Tatum vs Patterson for the rest of the game. I like our chances.
kyrie has 0 fucking points
When did Hubie come to hate the Celtics by the way? Is this a recent development or has this always been the case?
illegal screens for days
So brutal 
This is painful to watch
baynes missed a jumper...yup game over
I hate basketball 
Well that was about as ugly as it could have been
pathetic half
Well that didn't go well. Game ain't over.
Fucking Adams. You're a fucking beast but I fucking hate you.
wtf is going on with okc's D
how many time have we been blocked in this game? it's insane
People are blaming Kyrie but he's getting blitzed every play. Hard to get into a rhythm.
Is anyone else being driven insane by these NBC sports Boston commercials?
Our shot really not falling this game OKC Defense is elite.
We need to go on a run, we can be in this game
LETS FUCKING GO!! JAYLEN REVITALIZE US! 
"FUCK MAN" 
He's not good at the line, but they also keep hitting him in the goddamn head.
The Jaylen master plan is to just get all their starters in foul trouble!
Is JB usually this bad a FTs?
Jaylen seems to hesitate when he’s bringing up the ball from his hip in his FT shooting form, messes with the rhythm and seems like he loses some power too. 
Kick ball wtf
I'm actually very annoyed by this announcer. 
Kyrie LETS FUCKING GO
THERE WE GO! LET'S FUCKING GO!
KYRIE NEEDS TO TAKE THIS GAME OVER
The shots have started falling again. The thunder are fucked now!
Holy shit this paint is clogged as fuck
#Two point game mother fuckers!
Goddamnit. I want Tatum in the iso to end the quarter not Marcus. Jesus fuck. He always has to take
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT 
I guess we’re just not gonna get a single fucking call at the rim tonight
Holy SHIT you CAN'T count that basket he literally changed hands after being fouled!
So mad i missed the kyrie takeover
Don't get sloppy now
Fuck me again. Howe did Tate miss that?

SCARY TERRY LEAD US INTO THE HAUNTED LAND 
FUCKING LAYUPS
SCARY TERRY IS MY FATHER
FUCK.  Get over the hump
HOLY FUCK WHAT IS HAPPENING
Horford is fucking money as shit
KYRIE HOLY FUCK
YEAH BABY FUCK YEAH
Oh fuck Kyrie
Five the hard way
FUCK YOU FELTON
Fuck it... The earth is flat boys 
KYRIE SAYS FUCK YOUR 4 POINT PLAYS I WANT 5
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fucking clutch
Holy crap - what just happened? 
FUCK YEAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!

THIS TEAM ROCKS!!!
What a crazy half
Kyrie is the fucking man. Would go to war with this dude.
Is it just me or has this game felt REALLY long? Not complaining, just odd feeling.
Now this is a fucking lineup I like 
Oh my God it's 4:40 AM and I'm in my room smiling to myself in the dark like an idiot
Fuck fuck fuck this is so scary
Late call.... come on...
Fucking roberson what the fuck. Lucky shot
Those elbow fouls make me so sad
Fuck yeah this game is popping off. Superstar shootout style. It's what the NBA is about
These late whistles when a star comolains are absurd 
AL FUCKING HORFORD
AL IS MY FUCKING DAAAAAAD
Game of the year?  GAME OF THE YEAR!!!!
Fuck, I feel like I can still hear IT screaming on the bench as the team goes on a crazy clutch run...

:(
Horford hard carry, me gusta
Last game Jaylen had over 100% TS this game its Horford

Horford is just bitchslapping thunders silly
Horford has been fucking money lately
WTF was that PG?? Dammit!
I just wanna say something we can all agree with:

FUCK LOU MERLONI
FUCK YES
Been wondering all game, why isn't Tommy calling this?
That's game.
Cs pulled a hell of a game together tonight
FUCK OKC
Do we look like a team that would lose a game?
HOW CAN NO ONE ON THE COACHING STAFF SEE THAT JAYLEN IS FUCKING TRIPPING OVER HIS FEET! BOY IS CONCUSSED!
irving defense is insane
OKC is ridiculous fuck this 
Worst officiating of the season for us :| Atrocious 
Kyrie looks sick. His eyes look puffy, he has no energy and he was sniffling on the way to the locker room. 

Was there any news of an illness during pregame?
Would anybody be sad to see somebody elbow Westbrook?
MAKE UR FUCKING SHOT! YOU PLAY PROFESSIONAL BASKETBALL FORA LIVING JESUS
Jesus Christ Lebron is killing it. Not even mad about this game eating into ours tbh.
yah Jaylen just go ahead and go under on Paul fucking George 
Make. Fucking. Layups.
What the FUCK?! That's DIRTY
Thank fucking god for Tatum
These refs are awful.
Kyrie’s vision has been awful so far.
Fuck the refs
Jesus fucking christ... We're choking Everytime we have the chance to make it a game. 
If you think the officiating is bad in this game, you should have seen the cavs wizards game earlier.

We are just playing like shit. Need a Gordon.
Gonna be a tough game. Just hoping for a competitive close game and hopefully we can come out with the W.
Both Morris twins just happened to return on the same night? Weird coincidence.
Another game is till going on, on ESPN?
Are they gonna push til after Cavs wiz? League pass is usually showing coverage by now
Game won't start until Cavs-Wizards is over?
CSN has to fix Gorman's mic, sounds weird.
So weak 
Sloppy start
Would it be weird to make Jayson Tatum the godfather to my children, or should I wait a month?
oh man.  New Zealand Vs Australia hate right there.  Brutal
Fuck yeah, Tatum!
Marqueef's brother is in the game.
fuck off
Westbrook trying to take it at the GOAT. Bad decision
Wes got mad started playing dirty again 
This game is gonna be brutal :/
cold
I waited all day for this game 
This is brutal to watch so far 
They're gonna start missing, we'll start making, its a numbers game
We're playing in a way that feels like we're scare of them... 

Slow and hesitant
The fuck is Tatum?
Why tf does OKC play stupid music DURING possessions?
Let’s get some fucking stops
holy shit I forgot about the GOAT OKC Marcus!
Abrines is fucking scary. Mini JJ Redick.
There we fucking go!!
If OKC keeps their bench vs our bench even, we are fucked.
Theis looked at Russ too hard, foul. Fucking ridiculous.
These fucking refs are unbelievable, that's like the third ghost foul against us tonight gtfo
Their defense is suffocating. Forcing a lot of iso plays.
Hubie Brown fuckin has to talk over every bloody possession ! 
These refs are terrible on both sides right now
Fuck have they missed a 3 
Try to cut it within 6 before the end of the half and we got ourselves a game
This is fucking ridiculous 
Fuck me. we start hitting shots, and we start giving up shots 
Of course patterson breaks out of his slump against us. Guy is shooting like 30% from 3 and casually strokes walk up 3s
Fuck that kid 
Fuck adams with that hip check
this is fucking awful
At least kyrie scored..
Lay ups are hard, yo.
Wtf was that
:(
Wow. Their defense just Completley fucked us. 
We already might be fucked. I don’t think we have this comeback in us.
celtics are getting piped down 

the thunder defense is terrifying 
It really fucking hurts to see my baby Kyrie split the pick and clutch over the third defender just to be blocked :(
God dayum. Can't even get a fucking layup without being swatted like a 2 bit housefly.
I wish i could just enjoy the game.. I hate this frustrated feeling
I'm sad
Not a good way to start a road trip
They gotta call these moving screens on Adams :(
Why is Jaylen so much worse on the road?
OKC plays super dirty wtf!
Hubbie shut the fuck up
FUCK OKC. 
DIRTY FUCKING TEAM
Steven Adams can go fuck himself
Dont make Jaylen angry 
Jaylen :(
MOrris is fucking em up 
Pass that to fucking kyrie Morris
This offense is struggling so bad 
Game thread > the actual game
Holy shit 6 pt game!
Silence that fucking crowd Jaylen
Shut the FUCK up about "favorable" whistle shit 
We're not out of the woods yet. Basketball is a game of runs - gotta be prepared for OKC's answer
I don't understand the refs in this game.
So we have a game on our hands huh?
Boom! Our transition offense is keeping us in this game.
Fucking morris ices Kyrie on the 3 and takes it himself.
It’s a numbers game at some point the thunder shots wouldn’t fall

HOLY FUCK stop waiting 24 seconds to get a shot off.
Fuck man! 
Fucking Baynes man!!
IT'S A GAME BOYZZZZ
 LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I fucking called it. We going up after the 3rd!!!!!!!!!!!
He's worse from the line than Jaylen
Fuck, we're missing some open shots, but god damn are they not impressive on fighting back from the deficit.
TIED GAME!
Let's FUCKING go. GIVE ME THIS W.
#TIE FUCKING GAME
Fuck YEAH
This game is unreal!
LETS FUCKING GO
OH MY FUCKING GOD KYRIE DOIN EM DIRTY
KYRIE YOU BAD MAN. 
The comments from the first half of this game assured me the celtics were terrible.
we got ourselves a ball game here
KYRIE NEEDS TO TAKE THIS GAME OVER AND HE KNOWS IT
This game is absurd.
Fuck
Fuck the refs
Lame call
fuck
HORFORD IS A FUCKING GOD
ref fuck
Fouls in this league are ridiculous af
AL HORFORD IS A FUCKING MONSTER
Holy SHIT Al!
Al Horford just won this game for us
I'm shitting me pants so bad. 
#Dirty Al
BIG FUCKING AL
Al Horford nailing the coffin shut. Ball game.
Al has fucking ice in his veins. ICE 
What the fuck is that
Crazy
what a fucking team. what a fucking coach. what a fucking combo of horford and irving....
At least Morris got some jumping exercises 
Holy shit, what a shot!
FUCK WESTBROOK FOR BEING A COCKY BITCH EARLIER
What a fucking game man! 
Fuck GSW
I already said ball game... where is the post game thread?
Bring on the fucking Lakers!
Unbelievable
Fuck Westbrook and that Caveman Adams!
Hmm, difficult team this 
Man Kyrie has been terrible so far 
God damn were bad
Lost in the mess of how bad the shooting has been is how dogshit awful this officiating is.  Man oh man.
Worst offensive first half I've seen since Game 2 against the Hawks in 2016 
What a game. Butthole officially puckered.
Im not going to concerned with this loss tbh, okc have a tough af team and we are still figuring shit out
FUCKING MAKE THOSE YOU PIECE OF SHIT
This game is an eyesore 
12 layups missed

Btw George is HORRIBLE
Fucking ponytail is out here setting screens on every single fucking possession and they haven't been called for it ONCE.

It's like playing against Gortat in the playoffs all over again. Some people are just allowed to screen, apparently.
Morris sucks.  Trade him for Okafor. 
Jaylen's defensive awareness is... not good.
team sucks. can't compete
Yeah that was lame 
I fucking lmao-ed
What happened I'm forced to listen to this old senile fuck hubie brown talk and talk and talk and never shut up
Ball game
That mid range shot looked awful
I believe we will too, but damn if you didn't just remind me of the disappointment that is US men's soccer.. 
Nba blows with the way 3 seconds and screens are called not consistant at all awful
in the fucking corner too
didn't they tip off at 7?? long ass game
Well i mean were playing like shit too that might have a lil to do with it
This is what I was worried about. Bad game to bring in a new cold player. 
Yea, I'm already sick of seeing him. 
PROGRESS TO THE MEAN LIKE A HEAT TEAM THAT EARNED A COY NOM!
Yeah, that was ridiculous.
I am very drunk and he is making me very mad
This dude's actually drunk
The devil crosses the street when he sees Scary Terry comin’ 
Like in game 4 😭😭
I think cuz its on ESPN and the cavs game hasnt ended
It'll probably not tip until the Cavs-wizards game is over unfortunately
Kyrie revenge game incoming pls
Not too too bad, I’m just living for the brief moments for Hubie to breathe and take a brief talking braak
And Steven Adams. He's clogging the paint and making Al worthless
I'm getting drunk off wine and mojitos let's gooooooo
Nothing wrong with expecting a lot defensively from a player whose role you've said is to set the defensive tone.
We've been awful... Can't belive we were able to stay in the game 
People in game threads have an attention span of 3.2 seconds.
He's a pussy I never blamed Durant for leaving.  I just didn't expect him to go to GSW. But how anyone could play with Westbrook and his annoying AF antics is beyond me.

There's no way that Melo and George stick around.
Seriously man this some bs
I'm just glad it wasn't boring ass mark Jackson by himself 
Plus/minus is so weird sometimes
Thanks. OKC's crowd are the worst frontrunners in all of sports. 
swung the game there too
Because he’s fucking sucking
I'm fucking crying because I relate so hard
game ain't over pal. Don't jinx
Tragic, my brother is a thunder fan and he tells me the bench just plays through melo and melo ISOs a lot with the bench
Ya fuck that Tommy guy!!!!! 
They are TERRIBLE. Aren't they supposed to be neutral? I thought for sure they were Thunder announcers. 
Fuck the slow-mo
Both. He started missing some shots, so he started trying to force some against hard defense and traps.
He's got nobody to pass it to, offense is stagnant as fuck
Fuck no. Brad is gonna try to muscle this game out. 
This game might be too physical for the skinny fella. At least, that 1st shift was. 
Yea wtf why would u do that 
and he really needs to fucking learn that and stop it with the fucking hero ball
Celtics don’t have Brady :(
Are you watching the ESPN feed or the OKC feed? The OKC guys are horrible; they're next to the Spurs in sheer brainwashed homerism. 

On ESPN, it's Hubie and some other white dude. Can't recall his name...
Yea it's painful. 
Unfortunately games like these are to be expected :( Head up though dude!
Dude, comcast has the game too. Mike and Scal are here for you. 
I don’t think jay is playing worse than anyone else. Horrors will save us. 
Always. A known know-all idiot
Sometimes I think 99% of the people in this thread are women on their period yeez u get depressing with all this negative shit
You mean other than game 1? 
Desperately.. okc got weapons and we're missing arguably our biggest one
And then Steven Adams to do all the dirty work, mate.
I don't have a uterus but I'd at least let him try 
Ball game
Or he's just exhausted...
Stfu talk about the game
:(((((
i usually watch like the 1st on ESPN then the rest on CSN
They foul him hard 
Bad referees
Yes, that's the inverted way of Crowder's 40% from 3. Shoot 2 threes a game, hit 50%, then miss 10 in a game and you get 40%
CRASH THE FUCKING BOARDS
What? That was a moving screen. And, he played him hard the previous play.
I mean they’re figuring shit out too
no jaylen is, coming into this game
You're a troll... Its so boring 
Nah dellavadove at you knees is a pussy. Fuck him.
I mean. Were also hitting our shots. And pulling baynes opened up the spacing for drives to the basket which is why were closer. which is an adjustment.
what's worse: your grammar or the Cs
Shut the fuck up dude
the fuck are you on about
Fake fan.
Serious he was so grating to listen to...
Your game looks like shit when you're not allowed to play basketball properly.
SOME OF US have to work on weekends. I mean, not me, but some of us. 
Makes sense, wasn't thinking. I'm using a stream and I'm drunk so
I didn't say the game was over. I just don't like players throwing punches like it's an mma match out there
Ya, was watching for a while and I don't know if Tirico or Hubie are having a stupid-off but it's horrible to listen to
He hasnt played in an NBA game since like March.
Does melo usually start?
I was on the wrong station. It was the worst bias I've ever seen.
They have some ugly ass white people though. Source: I'm an ugly ass white person
We’ve been trying this but it has said “Game will begin shortly” (or something like that) for the past 10 minutes. We’re stuck watching an OKC stream for now.

Edit: nvm [it’s working now](https://www.reddit.com/r/nbastreams/comments/7anjld/comment/dpbf0hv?st=J9KO7SDI&sh=d91338e7https://www.reddit.com/r/nbastreams/comments/7anjld/comment/dpbf0hv?st=J9KO7SDI&sh=d91338e7) 
i said long way to go idiot
Not asking to make all shots, just to not take bad ones.
No, I'm a lifelong Celtics fan, who is sick of the Jaylen circlejerk.
Yeah I couldn't possibly mean illegal screens.
Yea its really annoying 
Oh mb didn't mean to imply you were saying that at all. Was in agreement with you.
Oh I like them all together but when it's a play by play who's not breen and then Jackson as the color I feel like it's really bad 
Mate you need to not always watch slow mo, Jaylen just buried himself under Adams, Adams was going forward towards the basket
I do too, I prefer them. But, of all color matchups, this one is at least tolerable.
Thought that was cause he fake hasn't starred? I just assumed it was waiting for he Cavs game to end, I'll have to switch streams. 
it's gotten insanely annoying.
He's not a better play  maker 
Bruh he caused the PG turnover...what game are you watching?
Exactly, totally laughable but if you disagree you're a "pussy". 
Nah I just Mean the inability to discuss and just downvotes instead
Understandable. People react quicker in the heat of a game thread. 
I had a weird vision of Len Bias' ghost on the court like guiding Tatum as he plays
With comcast you can get a sports package that has a bunch of the NBC Sports channels(Boston, Chicago, Etc). The games are blacked out but you get the pre and post game.


Otherwise, no. Sometimes folks on NBAStreams have them, but usually they don't. 


TL;DR 




Ty Lue is dumb 
>Is this some sort of shot at Tyronn Lue, David Blatt, Mike Brown, and Byron Scott, his previous coaches with the Cleveland Cavaliers? Is it just Irving doing his thing where he rambles on "Mad Libs" style throwing in random adverbs and adjectives where it seems to make sense? Who knows. 


No, it just says that Brad Stevens is above those guys when it comes to basketball IQ.  Ty Lue has won a championship and both Scott and Brown have made the finals which Stevens has not but if you gave any of those coaches the rosters during Brad's Celtic's tenure there is no way any of them would have done what Stevens was able to do.  It's not that those guys are necessarily bad or dumb; Irving has played for them all and he just feels Stevens is just above them.
you mean cavs coach / GM Lebron?
False
Don't get it twisted.
Fuck me I almost just had a heart attack 
> Broken Leg

>Celtics Sub 

Triggered beyond comprehension 
Fuck. You. I almost fucking died.
You are just spreading actual fake news. This is NOT 18 month injury. Like, that’s just blatantly inaccurate. This injury will allow him to return to 100% the form he was at (the beginning of next season may be rough, not from physical restrictions, but from not playing basketball in so long). I implore you, any amount of money, any crazy act you can think of - please bet me in some way that Gordon drops 30 in a Celtics uniform next season. 

u/Fesjohn, I hate to call on you insistently, but please smite this fool
All I did was google "tibia fracture recovery length" and already you're wrong. Where do you get your information? A simple google search already has disproven you 
You know what we do know? Hayward’s doctors said “If you were going to have a horrific leg injury, this would be the one to have” — we know that there was NO cartilage damage (which is what would normally prolong an injury, and perhaps end his career),we know that the surgery has gone extremely well, and we know Hayward is off the hard cast quickly. 

Worse case scenario =/= most realistic scenario l
Blatant hypocrisy mainly.  People losing their shit over anyone who dares not have blind faith in the imaginary recovery timetable on a catastrophic injury. 
You know what we do know?  Haywards doctor called it a horrific injury and we've seen countless players struggle to come back from injuries that weren't horrific injuries.  I have no reason to share your blind confidence.  I assure you I'm on your side and want to see Gordon recover... I'm just not willing to pretend this is fine. 
And there's a reason you keep getting called out on it. Because your making ridiculous assumptions based on a Google search. ~~No offense~~, actually fuck that - full offense to you, I'll take the opinion of someone who went to school for this over some idiot on reddit
You mean Jsh Jacksn because he has no O.
You mean Sh Aksn because he has no Corner 3 
You mean NVG because he's Not Very Good 
You mean N because he's not Versatile 
I'm looking for a big F U game from Russell tonight!
Go get your fucking shinebox! 
Twins are weird. My sisters are twins and even though they were due a month apart, they ended up going into labor, and giving birth on the same day. 
Has to be secret suspension 
would it really be the worst of things??????
Lmao. I’m the worst story teller in person, too. Sorry about that. 
Damn bro woke as fuck aka Kyrie
Nah man, the league just offered them a 15 game suspension and let them choose how to divide it up
I don't think he's wrong. The game against Thunder will show our weaknesses.
He’s even worse than Jaylen
My man was playing Clash of Kings to keep his mind off his injury. Probably was getting annoyed when texts kept interrupting his gameplay.
Need Marcus to have a big game, he usually does in OKC because of his family nearby, but we will need the bench to elevate to get this W.
Fuck yeah!
This is why I'm confused as to how some metrics have jalen as a negative on D. Makes no sense to me
I can onlyget so hard
Knicks were probably the worst
"Your Wrong" - Kyrie for Threee, and the Killer Jay's 
Watch out for glass from the broken windows.
Game time decision in Oklahoma City
IMO, the team is motivated to play hard so GH will have an opportunity to return for the playoffs.
It must suck to be the guy helping him. One bad low pass and you're gone. 
I'm not sure if this is depressing or not.
hate all of you celtics on this thread, but this does gladden my heart to see him getting back out there. 
If they would give at least 1% effort i'd be defending them but alas
I'm geeked about tonight's game!  Even without G.
Fuck, that's a spicy throwback to The Chairman.
No, you're not. But no it isn't dangerous, as someone said above it would just hurt (a lot) if it got smacked by one of those passes. 

I don't know why you've been down voted for saying this though?
I am concerned his hair will not fully recover to game shape. He is already covering it with a hat.
His hair got hit the worst true 
Are you a doctor? Oh you’re not? Ok then stop. 
Yeah I will bud because the recovery time for this type of injury is not that long. I only got 6 years and a degree but what do I fucking know.
I'd say Federer... But Tiger was not far behind imo
This is an awful comparison. Melo and Ben Simmons don’t play anything alike. The reason he could guard Ben Simmons is because he only had to guard him at the hoop. 
Why does this analysis hate Jaylen. I haven’t tried to understand the math behind it, but if it constantly  has Jaylen at (- ,-) (minus on both axis, not an emoji chicken) then there’s something wrong with it.
Poor Gordo is stuck there all year. 
Yeah but the offensive side is so bad that he’s clearly a net negative. 
As you said, there's always concerns about this injury.
But Gordon's injury is way less worrying than a broken ACL for example (you have a lot of "chance" to broke it again)

People hate my Jah takes. He’s not an NBA player. I’ll continue to believe that, unless Danny makes a move for him (which he won’t, because Danny recognizes that a non-shooting, non-rebounding, bottom 5% defender Center is a garbage NBA player).
Why are people down voting "Jah is terrible" comments?  Even Sixers fans admit it.  This sub is just ridiculous sometimes.  
You want to pay to get someone we’ll use a vet min to keep? The fuck?
Sorry math doesn’t agree with your opinions. Yes post scoring is inefficient. No there aren’t significant examples of bad rebounding big men dramatically improving their rebounding.
Al was considered a bad rebounding big man.  your math is wrong.  and you're wrong.  it's really that simple.
I don't think the 76ers will buy him out, because it will look very very bad if he comes to Boston and balls out.
Why would it look bad? They didn't have a choice. I guarantee you no team is offering anything  for a rental of okafor
I've seen them play. Simmons is garbage he is a poor mans Lamar Odom and doesn't play defense and has a bad shot. But but the passes! That make me cringe when people like you ignore the horrible aspects of a player

Edit- nice job down voting without replying
Defuse any situation

Basically look at what happened with Fultz. It escalated to a point where different agents and trainers were saying different things. Then Sixers were saying A and Fultz was saying G. It made everyone involved look suspect in regards to the injury. Is Fultz a bad player, are Sixers a bad organization, is he chronically hurt, are there other issues at hand? etc.


This way media gets to write a feel-good piece, and there is *no* seed planted for him to return this year, or for his surgery to have gone wrong, or for him to be unhappy or anything. You defuse everything and let him rest, and the team is not being distracted by "have you heard from Gordon!??"
He also let Al miss a game in 2016 for the birth of his child.
My thoughts? You're going to lose by at least 10
Watch out for the secret weapon, Jabari Bird
Tatum on Melo is not a good defensive matchup. 
And a 6’10” Center defending against a 6’8” elite scoring wing isn’t a bad matchup?
And a 6’10” Center defending against a 6’8” elite scorer isn’t a bad matchup?
Neither Simmons or Giannis can shoot outside of 10 feet. Those matchups played to our advantage. There’s a reason the starting lineup fluctuates based on the opponent. If Horford is guarding Anthony tomorrow, I’ll be shocked. 
Are you serious? It's KG + Ray and it's not close. They won a chip the year after being the second worst team in the league and kept us right in championship contention until Ray left un 2012. 
Drafting Kelly “Game 7” Olynyk too

We had the second worst record but ended up with the 5th overall. 
Yeah fourteen teams chose some other guy over Giannis. At least we chose a contributor over fucking Anthony Bennet
Although his defense is bad, that was the same as Kyrie (though not as bad as Okafor’s). I’d love to see Brad Stevens use him. 
This is some of the worst logic ever
u/fongos are you hard? 
Shit just read the news Tristan is out 

This slick dude is recruiting for the Cavs, let’s get Jahlil just to spite Cleveland 
Look I'm just asking here but between the lines is he trying to speak a message through Okafor's situation ? That he was unfairly treated by the Celtics or whatever 
well that, and Cleveland may be the worst team in the league at developing players
I'm usually all about reading between the lines but I can't see it here 
Going to be awkward when the Cleveland Lebrons play the (fuck the) Lakers next year...,
Rondo made Zeller look like prime Shaq.  It was crazy.
Fuck he's flying 
62:(
As a Celtics fan and a Jaylen Brown fantasy owner... His FTs are fucking killing me
Still haven't moved on yet :[
Yeah, remember that nasty post move he pulled in game 1 of this season? 
Kyrie also figured out how to deal with the Boston Media. Say ridiculous comments to get them chasing a bone and leave the team alone 
Reporter: "Kyrie, do you emjoy how Lebron is like your dad?"

Kyrie "say wha?  Wtf you talking about I have one father and it ain't that bitch ass nigga Lebron."
Wrong subreddit mate, you’re confusing yourself.
[Unfortunately he's a role model for children, so it's not that funny.](https://www.cbssports.com/nba/news/kyrie-irvings-flat-earth-talk-causing-headaches-for-science-teachers/)
Man...WHO THE HELL IS CUTTING ONIONS HERE? :'(
Man this was tough to watch. I remember terror I went through  when the commentator said “Hayward has broken his leg”.
I wanna be there so bad for his return
dude, fuck me that was impossible to not cry with him there. 
Yeah, we've seen it enough, but I get they're trying to show the gravity of it to the casual Today Show viewer who's probably never heard of Hayward and his injury.
mind telling me what AMA is? I feel left out :(
Nah Man. Gordon is literally going hard 24/7. No time for frivolous AMAs.
> I don't even play any of these games 

So no, I'm not representing any player base. Your comment reads like it's straight out of r/iamverysmart
Imagine how *he* feels about it! He must be so frustrated.
Can this 80-2 bullshit stop? The Wizards were joking about it and now look at them. It's just awful
It's game 8. Plenty of time for Lakers pick to convey. Wouldn't give up on it just yet. They are not great.
Lakers look bad dude. It'll convey.
Sucks about the power man, hope you and your fam have been doing alright. Are you up in Maine?
I'm tired of just getting a little taste
They don't look bottom 5 bad. firmly in that 5-10 range.
By at least 3 C’s
Same. She absolutely hated all sports before I met her. Now she cancels plans to watch the C's with me.
Fuck that he’s ours 
Fuck that's shitty. Hope all is well my man
Yes I understand the Celtics side of it. My question is if the lakers pick is #1, does that mean the sixers get the #1 pick in the 2018 draft?
So if the lakers are the worst team and get #1 pick, that pick stays with the sixers. So the sixers would get the #1 pick in 2018 draft?
It can also be worse. 

Example: Nader, Mickey, Marcus Thornton, the list goes on and on 
No. He sucks. 
If Nader ever plays meaningful minutes for us I'll be shocked. He's not a great athlete, is a ball stopper, poor defender and is 24. He has Hayward, Brown, Tatum, Morris, Semi all ahead of him in the wing rotation. 
I would agree but objectively speaking Kelly's beard was fucking disgusting. Like seriously shave that mofo. His hair is fine but that beard was always whack af
Eeeeee dreams of JB going 7/8 every game incoming 
Theis said he modeled his game after KG so he's with us in spirit.
Melos slow ass
How about Jaylen on Roberson, Baynes on Adams, Al on Melo, Jayson on PG, Kyrie on Brodie (hard tho)?
JB may be faster but Melo is an offensive savant. look at his game against Giannis, even he struggled to guard him
Truth. So by my estimations, that's approximately 12,065,000 men. 
except theis doesn’t fucking suck like olynyk
Are you saying that Kelly "Wizard Killer" Olynyk sucks?
He sucks the life force out of his enemies
Much better than that other crap post about 5 reasons we should take him.
The team is playing well, is growing and learning each game and we are missing Hayward. Why you would want to potentially mess with that and sign a guy who has proven absolutely nothing for one of the worst teams of the past 5 or so years is beyond me!!
Your whole post was crap. Your title had nothing to do with the content of your post and anytime someone called you on it you ignored their argument.
If you’re going to make a post at least be prepared to counter argue with actual facts and valid points instead of the downvote button.
Project all you want. I know my intention wasn't to be rude, but to rebuttal and have a separate conversation. We're all Celtics fans here and I have literally no reason at all to be rude. 
I was at the game, he limped back up the court a bit and I freaked the fuck out. It was clear after a bit it wasn't terribly serious but still.
Sorry Brad this is a Christian server so no swearing.
God damn it I think I did it wrong
FAKE NEWS, he is 7-7 FG and 5-5 from 3. That missed shot was a steal. Or so I choose to believe
I mean, it still was a 2 man draft...
Won't have shifted the needle much, I'm afraid
If you mean 2 man draft by Jaylen Brown and Ben Simmons then yes it was a two man draft
Is anyone else a little uncomfortable at the fact that we are basically elite at rebounding?
Seriously don't think I've felt this way about the team since this time in 2007!
This post-game thread is about 20 minutes late.
We might never lose a game again
I’m so hyped for the rest of this season! Fuck the Cavs! 
How come the post game threads don’t contain Gino Time anymore
I can't wait to the see the TPA charts after this game
Can't wait to post this at least a dozen times this season. 
yeah, but sucks when talking heads like Nick Wright glance at the box score and go "meh, 22 and 5" not impressed.  As a Ky fan I really want y'all to see how dominant he can be
So until the Finals Victory Parade?
Ha yeah idiots! ^^^so ^^^did ^^^I
Thicc Marcus is in the past now
Well that's a bad opinion.
Well they're right in that it isn't even a discussion. It's the ramblings of an insane person. 
Now I need to see this. I missed all the garbage time unfortunately 
Yeah I figured it would be close so I checked. The Celtics started 8-0 and on the night they won their eighth game the Pats - who were on their bye week - were 9-0. So that's probably the closest it's been. 
Oh. Fuck. Im an idiot
Why is this being posted in our sub? This is small-time and petty as fuck. Why do we care if the Cavs lose a game?
This is his worst team since Cleveland in 09’ so I wouldn’t be too sure of that. 
Idk. I’ve no doubt Lebron will flip LeSwitch but it’s not like he’s been playing bad recently. It’s the rest of the team and their defense that’s been letting them down. 
part of their struggles might be because Brons flirtation with LA is weighing on the team and/or making Bron not play hard.
Imagine how disappointed IT's son would be if he never got to play with LeBron...
:(
Well, except for that one 6 minutes into the opener :(
Remember Kyrie sucks at defense tho
Yep, equally as bad if not worse than IT, height doesnt matter. Kyrie wont try in boston.
No one ever said Kyrie was worse defensively than IT, stop circlejerking
I think Cleveland coaching was bad. Or it just didn't matter to them to ask Kyrie to play harder on D.
People said it was as bad. Over and over again.
After this the Basketball Gods went and reminded Jaylen to not show his powers too much, gave him a little Knee(?) twinge :(
Brad is president. Jaylen is the fucking Supreme Leader. 
Civil wars are never good 
He gets up with ridiculous speed and explosion
I think Kyrie is hysterical. I'll always miss IT but I'd rather have Kyrie and I would've rather had Kyrie last year
Fuck did Kyrie do to you?
I don't get why everyone fucking cares about the conspiracy theories. It does not matter. It does not affect the Celtics. I could not care any less about it.
give me a fuckin break.  lame ass.  go be a cavs fan then.
You probably believe in some stupid shit too.
I’ll always miss having IT on the team. The intensity and fluidity of his game at his height is a true marvel. You feel pride in cheering for the player overcoming such obstacles, on and off court.

That being said, I am finding a lot of satisfaction cheering for the player you hate to see with the ball in Kyrie Irving.

Remember that pit in your stomach every playoff exit when Kyrie slowly walked up the court with the ball? That fleeting relief he takes a bad pull up three, and the disbelief when the ball goes in? That guy isn’t our problem anymore, he’s everyone else’s problem.
I won't miss IT even if Kyrie plays bad. Kyrie is one of us now, IT isn't. I'll remember all those memories we had with IT, but I'll never be wishing we had IT instead of Kyrie. IT had bad games too, especially in some playoff games. If Kyrie has the same issues, I'm gonna have his back rather than turning against him. If we want Kyrie to be one of us, we have to treat him like one of us. I also think that even though he might be an idiot and believes some idiotic things, he's also a lot smarter than he makes it seem like he is. And tbh, as someone who absolutely loves science, it's not always a bad thing to try and challenge a commonly accepted theory, fact, or belief. Now, I just hope that when Kyrie retires with multiple Celtics rings, he goes on a journey to try to prove his hypothesis,
I feel like you never  watched a single game IT played in.
I've come to the conclusion that you hate Kyrie for no good reason.
Yeah but if he hadn't been on the team we'd be calling IT a "midget" last year with the rest of the NBA, something I absolutely hate. That's just the nature of the internet. 
> believes something that's not universally accepted

yeah, i'm not a flat-earth apologist. i'm not going to write off stupid shit as alternative facts, or uncommonly held beliefs or any other bullshit. being fucking stupid makes you a bad person in my book. 

edit: holy fucking shit. i can take downvotes for not agreeing on basketball shit. but you people are downvoting me for discrediting the idea that the earth is a sphere is not universally accepted? you fucking idiots can go fuck yourselves sideways if you're going to defend that shit. 
So basically what you're saying is, "Everyone who has a slightly different belief than me are terrible human beings and are a bad influence to the world." 

Wow dude. You really are a piece of shit. 
this is not about beliefs. the earth is a sphere. that's a fact. it's not in the realm of concepts that can be contested. anyone who denies it is an idiot. anyone who inspires other people to believe it is flat an asshole. you're an asshat for defending them. 
Don't let the suit everynight fool you guys, Coach Stevens is fucking built like a brick shithouse. That's just the guy he is.
Is he really though? At this point I wouldn't even be shocked. 
You're a moron. 
We NEED a horrible Photoshop of this asap
Mate what the fuck are you on about 
Cunt's fucked 
Let me tell you something, Kyrie hasn't even begun to peak. And when he does peak, you'll know.

Because he's gonna peak so hard that everybody in the world's gonna feel it.
Kyrie gets to be here, blowing bad teams out by 30 before the start of the 4th, throwing up super deep shots because he can. But yeah he crazy for wanting to leave the dumpster fire over in Cleveland.
Fuck Tommy just ruined Koufos
Any of you guys play basketball? I was in a co-ed league with my ex-roommates and I was God awful. Literally HORRENDOUS. But I can coach...
Holy fuck Brown on fire fuck me daddy
ThIs Is A TrAp GaMe
Remember when we couldn't blow out bad teams? 
Literally doubled their rebounds. Insane.
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING
"I'm in the game!!!"
Jaylen is so fucking improved 
Ojeleye killed him with the fake
Vince still can dunk crazy
THEIS BOUT TO LEARN ABOUT THE TOMMY AWARD, IT'S GONNA MOTIVATE HIM TO GET SELECTED INTO THE ALL STAR GAME.
who on the Kings blew these fucking refs?  Christ
Celtics blowout. Cavs lose. Wizards lose. Knicks lose.

Too bad the Fakers ain't playing tonite.
The team that just closed out this game has a combined 228 games of NBA experience.  Shane Larkin accounts for 208 of those games.
That was dumb. You push an opposing player into your player and the opposing player gets the foul? What?
WTF JAYLEN HAHAHHAHA
FUCK THE JAYLEN HATERS 
Someone PLEASE make a streamable of that last sequence including both Jaylen jumpers and Hield's miss. I have an idiot Facebook friend who still talks about how we shoulda taken Buddy over Jaylen and I need it.
If Kyrie gets hit really hard, does he feel like the world is spinning?
That was filthy!! Not many players can do that
Dont be so mean Jaylen!
Whistles are sparse, but seem real dumb both ways
Jaylen just got a hard push wtf
WHAT DID I FUCKING TELL YOU!!!! 
I walk away for 5 minutes to cook dinner, the fuck is this
Fuck the refs
marcus smart has not attempted a field goal and i cant say im mad about that 
quick question, why does the prediction machine always gives scores with decimals? Like the odds of that happening are literally impossible!
SEMI IS GETTING ME SEMI HARD
My power is still out :/ wish I could watch but hopefully we grab another W.
Managed to evade overtime for tomorrow so I could stay up and watch the game tonight!
Fuck it Earths flat
Ridiculous call on Kyrie 
That landing scared me so much :(
Refs are garbage per usual
How the fuck is that a foul 
this fucking team boys
Fuck Carly-Stein
seems like we are passing way late in the shot clock a lot. should improve with time
JAYLEN BROWN A FUCKING GOD OML
Jaylen Brown can knock it down!

wtf Technotronic??
Pls be okay Jayby :'(
ahahaha oh my fucking god nader
I was on TV at this game!
Damn I'm actually kinda mad we're up by 30. Now we can't watch our starters keep feasting for the entire 4th quarter 
how the fuck is that a foul on kyrie 
Kings always play us tough for some reason
They are making absolutely terrible calls. The pick on Kyrie not s foul George Hill dribbles right into Theis and pushes off foul on Theis. 
“Fuck you” - Tatum 
HALLOWEEN OVER BUT TERRY STILL SCARY
Terry, Terry, sp00ky, scary.
How the fuck are you gonna sit in that crowd and boo Vince Carter?
Weird tip in attempt from Baynes there. Seemed like he was caught between tapping it in and dunking it
OH MY GOD HORFORD ACTUALLY FUCKING HIT THAT

AND IT WONT COUNT. Carry on. 
Dang no good hahah
We might never lose another game
Shit call.  I'll take It!
Dammit that counts as a Jaylen shot :(  5-6 now
Dunn fucked up?
Oh Fuck JB!
Kyrie Irving is cold blooded.
Kyrie is going to look like Curry by the end of the year. He's not gonna stop taking that deep absurd shot and eventually it'll start falling
THEIS PLAYER OF THE GAME????
Theis has cold blooded German efficiency coursing through his veins
talk shit about Nader now?! #overreactingearly
How are the Kings looking this year? As bad as last year?
Not sure about that one...
Temple and Bogdanovic are way too small to handle Jaylen, should feast tonight 
That was nasty
It feels like their game plan is attacking Kyrie. And it’s working. He looks bad defensively for the first time tonight, at least to my eyes. 
Jaylen is having an ultra efficient game.  keep riding him
Hopefully we can stop these backdoor cuts/corner ISO threes, Kings shouldn't be in this game and yet here we are 
fucking THEISSSSS
Every time they show the kings coach he’s sucking on his bottom lip like, “I’m fucking done”. 
yabu wasnt smiling when semi hit that 3 :[
Semi took a second to admire his fake before draining the 3
This Tatum/Jackson matchup is sick. Jackson went to NC so this shit been going down since college. 
SCARY TERRY
respect to Vince Carter. he can still do crazy dunks.
Tatum is just insane
Tatum is the mother fucking GOAT
That's one filthy second unit. 
late but still nasty 
Kyrie is ridiculous
Our shooting is just too wet this game 
Fuck Simmons. 
Why is that a shot clock violation when the Kings won possession from Brown? Call it a steal or a block but they still forced the turnover
Jaylen Brown is having a game 
JAYLEN MOTHER FUCKING BROWN HOLY SHIT!
That defense from Kyrie Jesus fuck 
Jaylen Mother Fucking Brown!!!!
Kyrie is a fucking thief holy shit
We're slowly closing in on Nader-time. 
Ah shit. It would appear JB fucked his knee or ankle.
What the fuck was that Guy Fieri?
Watching the Cavs game: I irrationally hate the lighting of their stadium.
oh fuck off refs
WTF IS THAT CALL???
Nader needs to stop doing dumb shit. 
Jaylen "Broken Jumper" Brown
This game was closer than I thought it would be
Nader is gonna be a -9000 by the end of the game.
Got to study some but hopefully I can watch a little tonight. Let’s keep this streak going!
Why can't I find the game on league pass wth
Two shit calls in a row wtf
Baynes is yelling hard on defense! 
Wtf Theis?
Shit like that doesn't make any fucking sense to me. How does everybody in the arena see the push, but the ONE GUY in the arena that is GETTING PAID TO LOOK FOR IT misses it. What the fuck?
Fucking Rick Sanchez looking motherfucker 
Please don’t be a trap game 
I don't hate some of these calls, but I definitely hate these non calls
i thought belair closed ?!?!?!?!
I'm late to the party but did everyone mention how ugly WSC hair looks? 
My dad just asked me what's the point of a shooting sleeve. Tbh I'm not really sure. Y'all know?
SCARY T3RRY
Definitely late
Al giving me blue balls with the almost buzzer beater. :(
Kyrie's handles are so fucking OP
“are you serious man??”
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO!
#FUCK NO JAYLEN
Kyrie is insane
also the Kings look like they shouldn't even be on the same court as us, that defense is insane!
SCARY TERRY
HOLY SHIT THEIS REBOUNDING IS GODLY!
Who is this Rozier guy they speak of? I only know Scary Terry.
Heild is so bad he can only play against 3rd string players
fuck, can the Celts stop being so dominant?! i need kyrie to hit 30
Whoa holy shit. Just got home and checked the score, can someone let me know what happened in this game? 
JB got injured :/ 
Jaylen was out of position like 3 times on that possession and ended it with a dumb loose ball foul.
Nader proving people wrong in r/bostonceltics
Why do people downvote me and hate on me for critiquing Jaylen's game? Jesus.
fucking savage.
Refs don't usually call those on heaves.
They wanna make it a game. Not even the Kings want that. They're tanking 
I'm sorry but what's the difference?
Every fucking time. 
Always gonna be scary with Terry
So awkward out there. So, so awkward.
If you have to explain it, it's not a good nickname
Sounds like a game of thrones episode
that's why you want this guy in the 4th quarter of game 7
What a horrible call wtf.. BALL DON'T LIE
Sorry
so many guys looking like nba players from day one, it's insane
Guys almost seem too selfless at times. Worse problems to have though.
probably cause hes ugly as fuck
I was confused by that too
His wingspan is crazy
Disgusting 
Yeah fuck that shit VC demands respect
He'll probably bulk up in the off season, just after the championship parade.
Yeah just tweaked his ankle nothing serious 
he looks awful
fuck both of them hope they both lose
Seemed like he turned his knee a bit on D. Hopefully nothing serious. 
Never mind :(
Dodgers, fuck Gurriel
Astros.  Fuck the Dodgers 
Frightening Terrence
Ahem, wrong.
Holy shit fuck off man
Wtf
Are you being paid to hate on Jaylen or something
i am sick give me a break
Oh crap, need my other hand to count now ;)
Me too, one of those games I will go outta my way to purchase. I dropped mad bills for Pierce's last NBA game at the Garden, and when IT's sister passed.
Kinda feel bad.

Just kidding, not at all 😂
Duck my sick
But I do , u the clown that clamis to be Jerebkos biggest fan and u are not even from Sweden like I am are u? U mad bruh?
Okafor has 50 games with game score above 10. Just using gamescore as a simple filter. If you look at this list and want to tell me he isn't a NBA player, i'll tell you that you are a moron: http://bkref.com/tiny/Ljx67

This is the same list for Hezonja: http://bkref.com/tiny/CbVHw
Yeah, sorry, you don't get to pick your nicknames, boys. You've lost that privilege. 
WTF? he only took some Tylenol after the injury? Gordon is one tough motherfucker 
Dude only took Tylenol for the pain. He's my fucking hero.
i still cant fucking believe he got hurt
Same still in disbelief, now Im sad again
fuck. He follows foxnews and donald trump on twitter.

ugh.

goddamnit I wish I didn't know that

oh fuck his wife follows GOP, pence, melania, kellyanne, fox and friends, hannity, gingrich, tomi lahren... oh jesus H. christ. It's the whole batshit burrito =( =( =(
Worse people for your kids to look up to than Hayward. 
Not the worst! Not the worst! That's almost chant-able.
I'm afraid of he will never play
Fucking lost it at the mini-explosion. Well done
Gordon, Gordon!  HookersForDahl with the Boston Globe.   When playing cs_assault do you consider it unfair to be a counter terrorist and have to work your way into the building where the terrorists are essentially just camping, waiting for you?
I'm lowkey highkey afraid of how the media (and some fans) will react if there's a hint that he could play this season. Are they going to try to pressure him to rush through his rehab and come back, and shit on him if he doesn't?
If the media was seeking controversy they would ask him for his take on Kyrie’s saga of idiot comments.
Fuck yahoo sports forever for making me think we got KD
That's a terribly formatted page. 
Fucking got my ass man 
Defense was going to suck and we would be even worse at rebounding. 
And a couple bounces go the other way and we're 7-0. That's stupid logic but point being our losses have been by narrow margins
Sorry, what I do?
Stinks that they're holding him hostage like that.
76ers continuing to be a trash organization. I am so shocked. 
Goddammit that was confusing to read 
Can't even compare wheelchairs of this era to wheelchairs back then. The technology is an unfair advantage.
Pierce was basically raining 3s in that game
Pierce is #4 all time behind the arc, gotta take him
I like that he's shooting again but tossing from a chair might change his shot or rhythm. Maybe he should do rehab stuff until he can stand and shoot? Or am I just crazy?
HOW were you playing the other day?? I would play that game for hours if I had a computer that could run it
I'm with you....and it's 100% not true. 

EDIT: Anyone who thinks Smart is Okafor without Brad Stevens is a moron. Sorry.
> could of 

 Did you mean could've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
I mean, all you offer as a counter argument is hyperbole and sarcasm. How am I supposed to respond to that?
I'm not sure Smart's elite defense would have presented itself on a team like Philly that's been aimless for the past 4 years.  A bad team would have tried forcing him into a major offensive role.  When it became clear his offense was horrible, he would have quickly lost minutes.   Bad teams don't have the luxury of defensive roleplayers.
Agreed on Semi and Yabu. But I wouldn't mind if Jah took some minutes from Theis and Baynes. I like those guys don't get me wrong, but I don't think they have the highest ceiling. 
Pushover on the boards, a hole on defense. HARD pass.
If Brad and Danny want him I want him. Worst case he blows and we don't put him on the court. 
Why not? I love Theis but it's not like we would fall apart if we gave Okafor some run.
Sometimes big men just bust. He’s unplayable on defense, and provides zero value offensively besides ineffective iso and post up sets. His upside is a poor mans Kanter with worse rebounding. I’d honestly rather trade for Mario Hezonja, if we were trading for “upside”. 

We won’t make a move for him, and there’s a reason why — he’s bad.
7 boards a game his rookie year.


I mean GIannis still had an incredible game against us (28, 10, 7, 3, 1 with 48% and 67% from three), but I'm in favor of calling the Celtics the "Unicorn Slayers". In addition to that Giannis game, we gave Embiid the worst game I've ever seen him play (11 points with 4-16 shooting) and we are the only team that limited Porzingis under 30 points this season (12 points on 3-14 shooting). 
Soooooo.... game time decision tonight?
Very different injury and honestly very stupid of a college basketball  team to allow him to rush back. Gordon had ligament stabilization procedure  performed,  the goal of the surgery is to repair any strained or torn ligaments in his ankle. It's very unlikely that he plays any minutes this year. He has a long time of rehabbing from the injury and it's a very difficult rehab, I truly doubt he'll play this year. 
I thought it was HBK that returned 02?
04? Eh I'm not sure anymore.
Yeah, risking a relapse would be stupid. Hopefully he can play some minutes in the Finals. ;) 
I mean I guess I would take Karl Anthony Towns /s
on literally every thread about Okafor it's explained why he's a bad fit. people (especially myself) are just getting sick of explaining it over and over
Oh oh, I mistook your statement 'they want a ring'  to mean this year.

This still doesn't change my opinion of Okafur. Coming off a rookie contract, he's not going to be looking for a near minimum contract that the celts will offer him. He'll be trying to get some desperate team to over pay him 
AVERY FUCKING BRADLEY 
I mean my user's a bit of a meme but it was based in truth
I’m all for the confidence, but I wouldn’t want to jump the gun. We need to go into every game thinking it’s going to be a battle. Never underestimate the opponent. 
We have Horford, All of Australia and Marcus Morris.  

We don't need him.

This is a small ball league.  
Please no. Please fucking no.
Nobody is shelling out a contract for Okafor, and if Stevens can help rejuvenate his career I have a feeling he will be grateful considering the shit he has dealt with in Philly the past two seasons. 
He could be a bad locker room guy...
Not many players hit terrible shots consistently though. A shot that someone makes 20% of the time vs 40% of the time is the point of that. Unless your getting steals and forcing turnovers, other teams are going to score.
Maybe I'm in the minority here - but reddit meetups seem like a *horrible* idea in any context to me.

Yeah, I shouldn't have been a negative nancy. Sorry.
pls stop :( 
I really hate this. It makes it hard for me to root for him as much as I should be
I’m so sad when he says stuff like this cuz it makes everyone think he’s stupid af when he’s just a hardcore ass conspiracy theorist lol. Which is kinda dumb in itself but that’s how his personality is. 
Fuck it. If he raises banner 18, I’m buying in.
Wonder if he failed physics questioning Newtons laws.  "Ppl need to think of the laws themselves, somebody's lying to you"
I knew he wasn't kidding about this! [What a fucking idiot.](https://media.giphy.com/media/3o84sv2u7KSHKbwPza/giphy.gif)
Are people so fucking stupid that they don't get what he means? Google Rene Descartes 
That shit just looks fake
I don’t hate Kyrie off the court. Seems like a fun, nice guy. He’s just a conspiracy nut, which is dumb, but it doesn’t make me hate him as a person.
like the guy below me said, curt schilling

kyrie just dumb, don't mean he a bad person. i wouldn't hate him for it.
Rene Descartes would have been embarrassed to hear his name used in support of the dumbest shit out there. He was ahead of his time, flat earth is 10000 years behind.
It's not trolling. He's an idiot with a thesaurus who thinks he's woke.  
Bruh cavs champion poster in the Celtics sub wtf
That’s a tough one. Schilling is easier for me because he wasn’t public like this when he went all bloody sock
I do think he picked a bad thing to focus on if his intent was to show that anyone who questions the status quo is attacked. I mean, what would be the motive to lie about the earth being round?
If you're that stupid that Kyrie Irving makes you a flat earther, your parents and teachers have not only failed you miserably, but you probably weren't amounting to much in life regardless. 
Space shit always looks weird because space is weird. People don't want to be reminded of how small they are in the universe. 
What is crazy is the number of people he needs to call liars to maintain his belief. All the people involved with satellites orbiting the earth. All the people involved with space flight. All those airplane pilots. All the physicists. Meteorologists. Mathematicians. Sailors.

how does he explain the seasons with the earth being round and tilted on its axis?

You have to be so obstinate to have that view. How hard would it be to google evidence of the earth's roundness? 
dude I can't believe you are trolling so hard with this Descartes thing
Respect. Sorry about your browns.
The thing is what he's saying is beyond stupid. 
I guess if you look past how anyone talks about God, they're an Atheist...
The Catholic Church was basically holding a gun to Descartes' head, they had already fucked over  Galileo for his beliefs. To say that he was under duress is no exaggeration 
> Then again, I'm weird, I don't blatantly disrespect everybody I disagree with~

Yeah man, instead you just passive-aggressively insult them while maintaining your feeling of moral superiority
If I say it’s ‘possible’ that 2+2 = 5 and that the holocaust was fake, I’m an idiot and I deserve to be called an idiot. Flat earth is every bit as dumb as those. You can’t just dance around like “oh it’s possible, I’m just saying, everything is relative, respect my right to an opinion.” Act like an idiot, get treated like an idiot.
We can't mistake our own "beliefs" to negate facts same how we can't mistake opinions as the truth. He is being an idiot. If I say gravity isn't real because I don't believe in it, then I deserve to be called an idiot. 

We shouldn't respect others' stupidity, we have to call out on it so we don't influence others who are impressionable to it. 
AB is a defensive liability. Contender for the worst take of all time. I hate agreeing with Felger & Mazz but this is the definition of a "stat nerd" gone wild. 
Bad Bot.
You wanna talk zoo, talk being a Sox fan in yankee stadium. 

Fuck the Yankees and their fans 
Dude trust me on this, Boston gets bad. Esp come playoff time. I’ve seen a fist fight every playoff game I’ve been to (six) and I’ve heard someone yell racist stuff at the top of their lungs in half those games. The worst was when I heard a dude call Jermaine O’Neal the N-word In 03 when he was on the Pacers. That was the game Pierce dropped 23 in the third and hit that dagger right in Al Harrington’s face.
I mean if we lose to Sacramento.....boiiii I can't 
willy cauley stein gon baptize someone again :(
I corrected someone for saying lesser instead of fewer without even noticing this weekend. It's getting bad. 
The fuck?
what exactly is wrong with the baynes/theis two-headed monster? 

combined 28.2 mpg | 10.5 ppg | 8.9 rpg | 1.2 blkpg | 1 apg | 4.8 pf | %56 2pt | %83 ft 
They're in a terrible spot aside from Lebron, that roster is going to be in SHAMBLES after this year.
You're probably downvoted because absurdly douchey comments like this and not your opinions. 
Have you seen how they usually play the Celtics? Really just a bad matchup. Their defense was still horrible. Indiana gave them trouble and I think they maybe lucked out getting matched up with two halfcourt centric teams in us and the Raptors afterwards. Warriors completely exposed their weaknesses and they’ve done nothing to address it. 
Yup. Posts like this are the reason why Celtics fans have such a bad reputation on r/NBA. 
What even is this comment? They were blowing us out by 50 f*cking points with IT on the court. We were only competitive against them when Thomas was gone. 
When he was limping around the court? Ya. Turns out that was worse than having a player who could actually run. Shocking stuff. 
I remember someone saying that Jaylen's situation reminded him of Rondo in 2007. After we traded for KG and Allen we were still not seen as the team to beat and a lot of people didn't even think we'd be the 1st seed in the East. Rondo had to make that next step for us to become a legitimate title contender and now so did Jaylen, which they both did. Unfortunately Hayward's injury kinda fucked up the rest of the equation.
Jaylen has had two awful games which have decimated his numbers. Without the heat and bucks game he'd be 46.8/36/67 with 56% TS. 
Like fuck he didn't
“These stats are bad so let me just take it out”
After seeing him in that Viking outfit I want to see him dress up as Tormund from game of thrones
Off court issue was speeding and fighting Celtics fans insulting the Sixers. This wasn't even close to Noel trashing a rental house and smearing feces everywhere or pouting about minutes the first game back after avoiding sixers trainers for a while summer. Sixers fans can forgive Noel but Okafor's characters issues are apparently deal breakers.
Scary Terry’s option exercised on Halloween 🤔
wat does this mean?
fuck yeah they did
i'm dumb and don't know what this means can someone explain it to me
Not a free agent until 2021. First rounders have a 2 year base with 2 options. 
you mean Yabu?
~~/r/Bostonjuicing~~ i mean /r/beetlejuicing 
Oh yeah sorry the 5th year is just the QO
Do you have broken arms or something?
Smart was TERRIBLE after the ASB for about 6 weeks. I think he was shooting 18% from 3, and then picked it up starting April 1, where he shot 38.5% from 3 from the end of the season through the playoffs.
I... I just can't click on a stats.nba.com link. I'm sorry, it's unbearable. Go to basketball-reference, my friend. 
Because he has an extra year of experience on Terry, and because you can surround him with shooters who play in the starting lineup and it hides his poor offensive play. But moving forward, I'd be very cautious about forking over tons of money for someone who's one of the worst bricklayers in the NBA.
Ok. Looks like we've reached the fuck off you condescending cunt portion of the thread
WTF 2 MJs????
Real shit.
Yabu 3 points sealed the game 
that euro step he pulled in transition was sick
Kyrie / Jaylen / Tatum / Morris / Horford would be sick
putting Hayward on this is just cruel
Remember during the draft people were saying Tatum would be a bad defending, ball-stopping iso wing?
TPA is dumb as fuck just a heads up to everyone Who loves JB
2016 Game 7, I'd say he's a legend.
He's a vet who's had a year in the system. PLUS he's a nasty facilitator 
Angry reacts only
I would feel bad for Okafor if he ended up in Chicago...out of the frying pan and into the dumpster-fire.
Can someone give me a run down of some of the takeaways? No power up here in Maine :(
Scary Terry showed up for Halloween. Even Ghoulish Guerschon got a couple minutes.
Anyone know where I can find a rewatch for this game? 
“Tito Three Sticks” was bonkers. That sequence of the back to back threes and the steal for the layup was insane.
Place exploded when Scary Terry hit that second three
[replied to the wrong comment, so deleted]
I picked a terrible time to run to the bathroom... Missed that whole series... 
His position will depend on the matchup. Can you imagine him covering a Jayson Tatum or LeBron? Those are small ball 4’s these days. 
See I always thought that Al ended up guarding the other team's 5 cause Amir and KO were so poor defensively. Plus like you said we played small a lot with Al as the 5. 
This is an absolutely ridiculous take. Al and IT were money for an entire season. The revisionist history around here is absurd
I think you mean incorporate, not implicate
Horford has been on a fucking tear since the playoffs
Fuck ESPN and Nick Wright 
Well I mean he outplayed the absolute fuck out of him in the 2016 finals when he was fucking 24. 
Dude I couldn’t even finish the clip it was so tough to watch
Oh no something went terrible wrong what have we done!?!!
i don't hate him.  He's up and down.  I like him.
But did we also bring some 'nasty'? How can you not ask that in the follow-up question? 
Why am I not in this game?
Seriously 

That Fultz trade too
https://mobile.twitter.com/espn/status/925182163326251009/video/1
It's absolutely terrible 
Quite possibly the worst thing I'll never see
I mean, have you seen that guy's biceps?
There's just something about the Ojeleye beard.......idk wtf it is but i like it.
LeBron is a bad GM but an even worse coach.
Unfortunately I think just another MLE unless we cut SIGNIFICANT cap, someone can correct me if I'm wrong
I don't see a scenario where it makes sense to trade that pick unless it's for other picks. I mean if you consider how the cba works which I try to do although I'm a beginner when it comes to the cap and stuff.
If we had Hayward we’d be 7-0.

Jae Crowder fucked with him while he was in mid air....Fuck Jae
Leave Jae alone.

He's having a hard time with the Cavs. That team is toxic.
Seriously just stop man. It's a freak accident, can't put the blame on anyone 
Not a great play but he wasn’t trying to injure Hayward. 
Now that I re-watch that injury, Crowder did something to G-Hay while he was at the air so that he’d have a weird landing. Fuck Crowder for that! I hope enjoys rotting in Cleveland that fucking shitshow of a city and team.
It was bad 
Even if we were 7-0 that wouldn't mean jackshit
Gordy :(
Fuck can you imagine
I miss him :(
**NO WE WILL NOT TRADE SCARY TERRY III STOP ASKING /R/NBA**
That NBATV analyst (not Zeke or Sam Mitchell) mentioned their should be an asterisk on this game since Spurs don't have Kawhi 🙄 WELL WE DONT HAVE HAYWARD or Morris for that matter 
FUCK YOU BASKETBALL GOD FOR TAKING MY GORDIE FROM ME. 
I wish the game had been close so Kyrie could score 30
FUCK imagine Hayward on this team... FUCK FUCK FUCK
Just woke up. I missed the game. Came online worried. Saw this post and now I'm relieved!

Thank God!!!

#5streak
Terry ratcheting up the scary level just in time for Halloween!
Fucking facts
it was the way Jaylen changed hands on that eurostep layup that made him unstoppable.

Goddamn look at Theis's game face going up for that block!
when we were cold shooting, I swear Tatum won us about 5 extra possessions with his rebounding and defense.
> messiah

Read this as Isaiah and I got sad. Still miss you boy :(
At some point he caught like 5 out of 6 rebounds in the game, Al being the guy who took an offensive rebound. Kid's just got a nose for them
It's not being negative imo. You take this game and you start looking forward. We have time for celebrating after banner 18.
Plus he's from ISU. I'm an Iowa guy but at least he's repping the state.
The only reason his injury looked even worse than it was was because he dislocated his foot. Zach Millers looked way worse the other day
Scary Terry "Danny would never trade me" Rozier III 
SCARY MOTHAFUCKIN TERRY 
Of COURSE Scary Terry balls out the day before halloween
He had a bad game in terms of shooting but definitely picked it up in the 4th. I wish he was a constant scorer to help with that struggling second unit
Ne tears will be shed if he gets moved. He’s been terrible so far.
I mean... just look at him

But will the Lakers be that bad? I cant see them being worse than the Suns, Bulls, Atlanta, Sacremento, or maybe the Nets or Knicks
What do you mean about Doncic?
If this game is indicative of anything we’ll need a few guys to play a lot of garbage time.
#Where were you when Scary Terry cut loose?
I've always hated Paul Gasol 
Ava is poised as fuck, respect.
Kyrie handles are on another level. Gorman wanted that to go in so bad hahah.
#"FUCK YOU /r/CELTICS"

-Terry probably 
SCARY TERRY ON AN 8-0 RUN BITCH
Was that Kyrie or Horford with the spin move to the fucking slam!? 
JIMMY G JUST GOT TRADED FOR A 2ND ROUNDER WTF
KYRIE AIN'T PLAYIN NO MORE
that's a fuck you three if I've ever seen one
Irving is +27 WTF
#KYRIE LITERALLY MIGHT BE JESUS CHRIST I'M NOT SURE
SCARY FUCKING TERRY!!!!
JAYLEN IS ANGRY. GET OUT OF THE WAY, BITCHES!
# Scary Fuckin Terry!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Anyone else feeling a bounce back game from jaylen!?
Kyrie is terrible defensively. Yeah, right.
# Dirty Al 
What a fucking move Al!
Sorry Pop, Brad comin for that ass
"If we stay spaced-out, it's hard to guard us."

Bring out the doobies. 
Pats just traded Jimmy G to the 9ers :(
#IT'S SCARY TERRY BIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITCH
Scary Terry Bitches!!!!
Rozier moves like nobody I have ever seen. The universe compensates by giving him the worst finishing in the game
Yo this lineup fucking SUCKS
Fuck they just Spurs'd us
Terry hit that blunt before the game 😂
 If Marcus could make a fucking 3...
JIMMY G TRADED WTF
#THATS OUR FUCKING POINT GUARD
Kyrie is a fucking baller, i even watch all your games just to see how he goes.. 


Kyrie wanted to help Mills up and went "nah stay down you annoying fuck"
FUCK PAU
That's that GAME THREE ECF MARCUS
ITS HALLOWEEN BITCH SCARY TERRY IS IN TOWN
LET'S GO SCARY T
Terry are you fucking kidding me
SCARY TERRY

Terry Rozier

Turning this game on its ear

Eat some hay

Down by the bay

I just may
Every time I want to type a big celebratory comment for a play another crazy one happens, this game is too ill!
They grow up so quickly :'(
Nader what the FUCK was that
Where the fuck has VelocityRaps been
That was some tough shit by Jalen I need to see that again please
I've got this feeling that somebody will drop 40 tonight. Not sure who but I've just got this feeling 
HOLY SHIT WE ARE DISGUSTING RIGHT NOW
Look at those fucking guns
Literally every game kyrie has a play that makes me go “holy shit this dude is nasty”
Stop jumping on pump fakes. That was an awful defensive possession 
KYRIE IS A FUCKING GOD
Game 4 ECF Kyrie has arrived.
KyRiE SuCkS WiThOuT LeBrOn
FUCK YEAH SMARF
#***DISGUSTING***
Scary Terry bitch! 
TERRY IS SCARY
SCARY TERRY
SCARY TERRY BITCH
SEMI DON'T GIVE AWAY YOUR SECRET WEAPON IN A BLOWOUT!!!
Brad's only flaw is his ties are knotted too long. Those bad boys shouldn't really go past the belt buckle unless you want to recreate your 11th grade prom outfit. 
Man, I've been rooting for Nader ever since I saw him play in the Summer League, but he is making some BAD choices in his limited time...
Holy Shit Al!!!
Semi is a fucking tank.
That is vintage Rozier though. Sick move to get to the rim, doesn't go in. Happens 2-3 times a game.
This unit is ICE cold
When did Scary Terry turn into Lonzo Ball?
That was some ugly basketball by everyone out there besides Theis
Terry Rozier’s game reminds me so much of Dywane Wade’s game. He’s like a poor mans Wade who can play defense. 
If Terry had half of Kyrie's finishing ability we'd have to start calling him Terrifying Terry
Brads a lot quicker with the TOs than usual. I like it
Man Kyrie is playing hard today on both ends of the court. 
This is the game we’ve wanted 
Saw a cut on Kyries hand :(
God, was Kyrie like this night in and night out in Cleveland? This man is fucking insane right now. He's been a monster in every area of the game tonight.
These growing pains were to be expected unfortunately :(
TERRY ROZIER MAY HAVE ICED THIS GAME LOLOLOLOLOL
Scary Terry came to play boys.
SCARY TERRY!
SCARY TERRY FEELING IT
TERRY IS MY DAD NOW WTF
Scary Terry went OFF!
Seriously get Shane Larkin off the floor. He's useless.

We literally have 3 PGs on the roster. Larkin has no business playing in anything but garbage time.
When does the game start
JAYLEN BROWN WITH THE STIFF ARM AND THE SHOT 
Fouling Jaylen on a three is a dumb move
Horf been killing it with the fake outs.
Al is a fucking monster this year 
FUCK YEAH
Terry needs to hit his fucking layups 
Ah fuck.  We could defend the three a little bit bettee
holy fucking shit what the fuck
Don't know if anyone switched over to MNF, but that Kyrie commercial they just ran was one of the worst things I've seen.
The Spurs have a very ugly offense with Kawhi out
Celtics D is making the Spurs offense look bad right now
Ah fuck
This is a brutal lineup, we have to find a way to maintain this lead 
fucking refs
Fuck Gasol
Fuck you rozier haters
SCARY TERRY JUST IN TIME FOR HALLOWEEN
FUCK YEAH, CELTICS! KEEP THE FOOT ON THE PEDAL!
SCARY TERRY IS MY FATHER!!
SCARY MF TERRY
SCARY TERRY
Scary terry spookin us the day before Halloween 
SCARY TERRY GOT ME SPOOKED AF
1st half:  eh, Terrys had a bad game

4th quarter:  Fukkk you say boi?
Scary Terry showin up for Halloween!!! 
Almost Halloween, of course Scary Terry is lighting it the fuck up.
Halloween you know it's Scary Terry night bitch!
POP IS LIKE "SCARY TERRY JUST MADE US LOSE"
BRAD PUT IN KYRIE STOP FUCKING AROUND 
I don't mind Kyrie taking it to the hoop right away because he can pass out if things get bad, but I don't understanding taking the three with 20 seconds in the clock.
Horford is LeBron wtf
Horf disgusting with his fakes
Brown to the fucking basket!!
Please take Larkin out so we aren't forced into ridiculous defensive situations like that
Rozier is having a horrid game
We can't hit a shot fuck
Brad just walking on to the court in disappointment is my aesthetic 
That small lineup did not work. 
At least Their is a beast on the boards. Must have 7 ft+ wingspan
1-7 in 5 minutes is not good but c'mon, I can't stay mad at Tito
I feel like Brad is trying to over coach it at the moment. I think Pop is in his head. That line up was horrible.
Rozier is so bad. I cant stand him and those clumsy ass dribles 
TATUM A FUCKING DADDY FR
Bro the move kyrie just pulled was... too fucking dirty 
Angry Pop reminds me of the get off my lawn stereotype.
this game is a timeout fest
Jimmy's gone, who the hell is our backup now? (No Edelman jokes please, still too soon :( )
Kyrie is the fucking man
what the fuck pats
Holy shit, Kyrie is absurd 
HOLY SHIT MARCUS!!! ATTA BOY
Kyrie is so filthy
Jesus the core strength on that Kyrie turnaround bank. Shit is not easy.
Anyone else notice that Kyrie had blood on his thumb at the end of the half?  Please don't be anything serious...
Marcus "Fuck You" threes ahhhh!!!
Terry having a bad game it happens 
OH MY FUCKING GOD 
SCARY TERRY
SCARY TERRRRRRRY BITCHESSSSSSS
Scary Terry!
SCARY TERRY HAS 10 IN THE QUARTER WHATTT
Who has been guarding Lamarcus this game?
Sorry pop 
Fan of the game? Bro do you even game thread?
Fucking yes semi
I have no power why did i have to miss this game ahhh.
Fuck you Nadar ugh
Alright, it's time bois. Time to call it.

Game, blouses.
As I've been saying Rozier has the worst clock awareness in the entire NBA
We haven't beaten the Spurs in awhile - perhaps two years, correct me if I am wrong?
Is this some weird training method where we try to teach Tatum humility by freezing him out of our offense?  He shouldnt have the same amount of shot attempts as Shane Larkin.
Not sure why but Tommy was sounding a little like Rick
Jaylen needs to stop making stupid fouls. He is making his life so much harder, and ends up getting taken out because of it. 
Yikes, sloppy start.
Random and obscure reference, but the singer Leona Lewis looks like Aldridge in drag 
Strongest pump in the game 
Semi playin some crazy d 
THE PUMP FAKE KING!
Fuck yeah Al

Semi is a fucking rock on D
Scary Terry isn't so scary when he can't finish a wide open layup
Man that was a bad switch by Terry.
Terry's got me saying yikes but it's not because he's being scary.
Kyrie comes back in.  We're in the game again.  But poor performance by the bench.  Disappointing.
Terry having a bad night...even defensively
Whats the hate on Nader, he can score.
Holy fuck what a pass
Tough night for the rook.
Why do the refs hate mah bby Mahcus?!
Theis is the real fucking deal 
SCARY TERRY!
GET ON YOUR KNEES BEFORE YOUR SCARY TERRY GOD. BATHE IN HIS AURA AND FEEL IT PENETRATE YOU.
Fuck someone on Twitter said Terry has a limp?!
Meanwhile the Bruins have tied it up and forced an OT!  WINTER SPORTS SLAYING TONIGHT
This lineup is going to lose us the game
Pass the fucking ball to Tatum
Smart can't even dunk when no one is on him.

Seriously pathetic.
Tatum's been bad tonight
We dunk worse than a WNBA team
Silly fouls
I think my stream is behind...
Ridiculously bad execution rn
Rozier is pathetic
Wouldn't be shocked if this stretch loses us the game
The worst fucking player in the league I swear
You guys have a fantastic team, but holy fuck is your one announcer annoying. 
Tough times dont last, but tough people do. Hang in there bro.
I feel you so hard.  Pm me if you need to vent to a stranger.
It's crazy that I've hated him for a decade. Never thought it would come full circle like this. 
Dude will disappear til Wednesday night when we go down by 2 a minute into the game.
Dumb
I think it's just the game plan
Too late he adopted me already. But I'll ask dad if you can be in the family. 
I thought it was a little deeper than his usual
WHAT? Noooo not GOAToppolo :(
Rozier having a bad shooting night? Somehow Marcus drains a three you never would have expected 
lame
You know he's mentoring the fuck out of the youngsters 
Isn't he playing like 30 minutes a game?
It’s too small.
WHAT WTF
TO THE 9ERS WTF
YEAH BITCH SCARY TERRY UP IN THIS MOTHERFUCKER
This feels dirty
Yoouuuuuuuuu fucking asshole!
It still baffles me how Tatum gets almost little to none looks in the game while shooting 60%.
I can see a poor mans Dwyane Wade who can't finish
I mean if Rozier hits some layups then it's basically still tied.
Oh noo :/ 
What are talking about in this game?
No contest for me. Now if it were the Pats I'd have a hard decision.
For a second round pick! What?!!!!!
Horrible
in this game
Have you learned nothing from last year?  Brad feeds on fucking trolling us.
You mean LeBron reminds you of Jaylen.
That was insane. And then sizing up Brandon Paul, spinning away and finishing with the dunk past Gay? Got damn.
He doesn't actually have outdated, 15th century beliefs. Both because he doesn't believe it and because nobody in the 15th century did either. 
No idea. Fucking stupid.
no love for Horford or Olynyk or Baynes or JEREBGOD??
Totally creepy as fuck.  His wispy, restless hair, how he points at the screen and holds eye contact fort way too long.
it's Halloween he's extra scary around this time
I just upvoted you... I can't fucking believe it
2nd round 2018 pick. Wtf 
If we can't keep a 20 point lead here, we're fucked.
No, you have to lead a team to mediocre or bad results prior to exiting to show there is something about your presence that was holding the same roster back somehow
What do you want Brad to do, run Kyrie and Brown 48 minutes a game?
Haven't followed hockey since Bruins won the Stanley in Vancouver, what the fuck happened to them? Every time I check the score, the Bruins are losing
Because it's when our bench mob usually takes over and we're missing Morris? :(
This is an unrealistic expectation unfortunately. I appreciate the... backwards positive attitude I guess but what you're describing is a prefect game. 
It's 2-2 and you're already angry 
Can anything be ridiculously anything within four minutes?
Fuckin' hate Nader
False
you have a small weewee
For Christ's sake dude just stop posting. This is getting ridiculous. You've posted about three times a minute since this lineup got on the floor.
I swear it must actually pain you to be this wrong 
Be careful coming in here insulting Tommy Heinsohn like that.

That downvote button will be getting smashed on your comment.
Appreciate it. I have a feeling once game time comes around, I'll be locked in, at least a few hours. 
Shush dont fucking spoil it im at episode 3
too bad they'll never run an alley oop again
sadly im on a two year countdown, hoping things fall right and the little star comes back to cleveland.. it wont happen but fucking hell i miss the lad in a cavs jersey. 
bad bot
Yeah he gets some serious tunnel vision :( shame after he tore up the D League.
You at the game?
I'm his biggest fan, just stating the facts here, I know he'll figure it out. Spurs are a difficult team 
LeBron costumes are sold out unfortunately 
yeah that one keeps lagging for me weird. maybe it's my internet
Statement game
Because we've beat no real "good" teams yet.
BAD FUCKING BOT
3ITKH can be ridiculously pessimistic 
Sorry 
I'm so guilty of this. I always wanted J Smoove in green. 
He has 1 fucking shot, the ball is not even getting to him.
Game is in 25 minutes
bad bot
Nope.  Because of time zones, Australia is like a day ahead of us, so down there, THE GAME ALREADY HAPPENED!
Wtf?
Pop has stated before that he doesn’t watch game film of their opponents.
We have the same fucking name bro
Maybe because you have bad takes? You're really going to question Gregg Popovich's coaching technique? 
Pop: Can you believe they expect us to talk about coaching. I mean i don't even know anything about football, what re we both here.

Billicheck: grumble, grumble, grumble basketball? So stupid. Grumble grumble preparing for the jets. Grumble jets watch film? 
I get that. If you are going to be slick and and an ass why not do it in a way that makes you look like you care. I have no respect for someone who doesn't care enough to watch game film. Westbrook took criticism for this for a while. 
Yeah bro, you just said some dumb shit. 
Unbelievable praise coming from someone like Pop: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AVdEGlSAhd0
I was drunk, alright?!  Leave me alone...
I really hope so :(
Gordon :(
If by “Bill Russell” you mean “Al Horford”,  then yes.
But also, this post is wrong. Almost every black athlete recognizes Bill Russel as a trailblazer, for what he did as a player and as a coach. Just because he isn't talked about by 12 year olds in Gym doesn't mean he's underrated. 
I was going to say Jim Thorpe too. Dude was nasty in so many sports. 
Kawhi isn't playing makes the game a lot easier.
I will never forget staying up until 4 am in Norway waiting the NBA draft. I will also never forget how angry I was when the Celtics didn't trade for Okafor, and instead drafted Jaylen Brown... Times have changed.
Nah, what's more bothersome is how fucking stupid and idiotic you are. Fuck man, that stupidity you display is painful.
Why the fuck would I want to have a 'real' discussion with a bonafide moron? I'll nope out of my trying to talk to a pre-schooler.
I hope this is an indication that he might play, since Brad wanted him to go through a hard practice session. Dont know how hard the G-league practice will be though
He was recalled immediately after the scrimmage I think this was just the hard practice Stevens was talking about
I was shocked to see Tony Parker got sent down last week to the Spurs G-League squad. Seems like NBA teams are starting to use em like the MLB to get players some reps before returning from injury.  
I don’t get it. Why would they remove it? What was wrong with it?
They hate us cause they ain’t us I guess :(
I hate how you can edit everything about a current player except their hair/swag!
Seriously, Marcus Smarts hair drove me nuts last year. He had the bad mohawk that he and sully had, it was terrible. 
I’ve gotten in the habit of blind-upvoting dangercart articles before I read them just in case my brain gets too swimming with the possibilities he lays out to remember to upvote afterward.

I figure I can always take the upvote away if I’m disappointed by what he’s written; that hasn’t happened yet, though. 

Anyhow, off to RTFA. 
"AVERY BRADLEY WON THE GAME"
RAY ALLEN FOR THE GAME... GOT IT AT THE BUZZER
[Pass deflected by Eddie House, picked off by Pierce! Ray Allen for the game... GOT IT! AT THE BUZZER! OH HO HO!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3PUGz5yxzk&app=desktop)
the line that is engraved to my brain is

"Pass deflected by Eddie House, picked off by Pierce, RAY ALLEN FOR THE GAME! GOT IT!!!!!!!"
I'll never forget:

&nbsp;

"YEAH! AVERY BRADLEY WON THE GAME"

AVERY BRADLEY WON THE GAME!
Hahahahhahahaha fuck yeah
Usually commentators will say 

"[Rebounder] corrals the miss" 


Or something like that, so thats what he's getting at 
I’ve come to accept it as a Gorman-ism, but it’s come to the point where I listen to rival commentators say “miss” and I assume they mean a rebound the way Gorman does.
Respect, man. I wish I could have nabbed tickets to the jersey retirement game in February but the worst seats are already $200+. I should still be living in Mass. when the time comes, so I'm gonna assume our boy will be a first-ballot HOFer and plan on being in Springfield.
AB fucking owns the warriors. You guys got a stud!
I hated that
I jumped out of my seat when he got that steal... Just like old times :(
Daddy Avery :(
Still hurts :(
LBJ intentionally fouling and then running away to the locker room like a little whiny bitch was fucking pathetic
He left because everyone knows Lebron is leaving after this season.  It's a sitting duck year.  Had he waited until Lebron left it would have been ugly.  He preferred to get out ahead of the story.  
Derrick Rose looks awful. Wade looks awful on the offensive end. Tristan Thompson is awful. That team is a mess.
This game was a treat to watch.
When I saw a Cavs fan in their weekly thread criticize Lebron for this reason, I knew it was fucking bad. According to them, Lue doesn't hold practices. By this, I mean literally nothing. No practice at all. 
Him being there after LeBron left would be so awkward. They would look to him like abused puppies, hoping he's the savior while he'd be looking toward the door.
Kyrie still has some bad habits and is still adjusting, but once he fully adjusts into Brad’s system, watch out. 
They're trying on offense, just sucking at times due to non-shooters jacking it up because it's LeBron 5 out system.  On defense they're sort of trying, but just really slow.  This hasn't reached the level of when they intentionally tanked vs the Warriors.
We could have won that game if we didn’t go cold for the first half because our minds were taken out. Like we were bad in the first half. Real bad. 
They also aren’t scoring like they usually do. Their issues are on both ends 
He will make it even worse
1. Because it's so early
2. Because they're losing to bad teams; imagine what would happen against elite teams
This is completely irrelevant. By your logic DA traded PP, KG, JT for humpries and Gerald Wallace 
Can’t blame our players for that though. With the way Hayward went down I had a hard time watching after that, can’t imagine what it must’ve felt like having to play a game.
Please at least know what you're talking about before trying to start a debate/discussion.
See, that’s what pisses me off. LeBron did Cleveland WAY dirtier than Kyrie. LeBron set up a fucking press conference with ESPN to announce on live TV that he was breaking up with Cleveland to go to Miami and now they love him. Kyrie goes behind close doors and requests a trade because the locker room is a total mess and he’s hated. 
50% from the field is miserable? What the hell are you talking about?
Bro don't put words in his mouth. He never said any of that stupid shit. 
just cuz they're a role player doesn't mean theyre not a mercenary. Maybe high school failed you cuz your vocab sucks
Too bad hes doing it again next year
Thanks for reminding me why this place is so awful for discussion.
Dude. You came in here saying that doncic's FLOOR is KYRIE. If you're going to make ridiculous claims in bad faith, it's impossible to have a discussion 
who are you? Must be a condescending prick for insulting someone's education 
And you're blatantly lying about a subject you know nothing about.
It doesn't even matter this is so dumb. I guess I misinterpreted his thoughts and was attacked for it. 
I was just watching the Spurs / Pacers game there.

I have no idea how we're going to stop LMA & Pau Gasol. They're going to destroy is in the paint, and on the boards.
I mean yeah but we've never beaten them with Durant
Gordon :(
Is this the TPA for the game or for the season
What does "supposed" mean - TPA has proven to be quite insightful and matches up well with regression models.
Yup.  Have you paid attention to them?  He's been inefficient and not great defensively. 
TPA is basically BPM. They are misinterpreting BPM and using that to draw potentially very bad and deceiving conclusions.

Also BPM is completely incapable of teasing out any effects of improved defense (resulting from a change in team, coaching, rookies, improvement in defensive skills) aside from accounting for steals. You need RAPM and RPM for that.
Dont think its gonna happen. Saw some people say trade the Memphis pick for him which is laughable. 

If someone thinks that DA is going to give up any assets for a win-now rental, AFTER Hayward got injured..they havent been paying attention to Ainge
Do you see him getting tired as the season goes on? 
No. I see the rest of the league getting tired.
They were aiming for game against Spurs tomorrow 
Trading him for Okafor would be legitimately awful? Why would we do that? He’s not an NBA player.
Fuck r/NBA
The fact is we played bad defense with Bradley on the court, despite having elite defensive talent that was capable of playing elite defense without him. Sorry that doesn’t conform to your feelings of what you think you saw.
I want one too! Ugh idk. Hopefully they'll give it out again. I'm going to a game soon and I def want one of those!! 
Hey, respect.

And of course, fuck the lakers.
I mean at this point is there anyone to even compete with him for ROTY?
Hate to say it but the Jeff Green comparison is spot on

The difference between him and Green is that Green straight up was afraid to be aggressive some games, at least Jaylen tries to keep going at it
Melo who moves the ball and plays defense.  Kid is a fucking beast
I wish there were still Krispy Kremes near me :(
kinda tired of your shit, bot
Tatum is boss. Jaylen will bounce back. The Lakers are awful. That pick will convey. Nothing but positivity today boys. 
FUCK THE HEAT
Kelly doesn’t look right in another uniform :(
Ya his game is still really rough
give it 5 years and he'll be there.  dude has an unbelievable feel for the game and a smoothness that rivals McGrady
Depends on the injury. I'm saying that an injury bad enough to cost an entire season a lot of times takes another year of playing to fully recover from 
Last season was particularly bad. People were desperate to get sully back for boards :/
I know exactly what you mean. Yesterday a friend who is a die hard Knicks/jets NY Homer fan told me it was a terrible trade for the Celtics.  
Not sure Lue has a “system” 
Fuck you, u/MarvinBagleylll
man what the fuck is his shoe size, those look like shaq's shoes on nate
I saw some improvement this game tbh
Coach Lue is bad.
Hard not to try when you have Marcus waiting to check in for you...
They could actually be a scary team if they didn't have so many bad contracts
We were never gonna draft Jackson anyway 

We have Jaylen and Tatum was highly ranked above everyone else


Still, fuck that kid. He has anger issues and the Suns are trending in the wrong direction
> I don't think Simmons is as difficult to stop as people seem to think, though.

How would you do it? 
come on yall

small sample size....
He's played one game 
We should take that into account.   1 game vs 5 or 6
Bayne: Oh, you think the paint is your ally. But you merely adopted the paint; I was born in it, moulded by it. I didn't get buckets until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but NET!

[Proof of relevance](http://ballnroll.com/wp-content/uploads/import/Blogs/Trendz/2013Halloween/Aron%20Baynes%20Bane.png)
Doesn't produce the flashy numbers people like to look at. Only reason I can think of
Media: After Hayward's injury, the celtics are fucked
Brad: Hold my beer
Celtics when I watch every minute of every game: 0-2

Celtics when I can't watch: 4-0
Really wish people would stop proposing Jaylen Brown + pick for Eric Bledsoe trades after 2 bad games.
The Cs have won four in a row and Jayson Tatum can fuck my bitch.
Kyrie game 7'd they ass 
80 game win-streak anyone?
Jaylen was shit offensively but at least it didn't get in his head defensively. Even when he's off he's productive
Aron "Bayne" Baynes: Oh, you think the paint is your ally. But you merely adopted the paint; I was born in it, moulded by it. I didn't get buckets until I was already a man, by then it was nothing to me but NET!
Fuck assists who needs em
Missed the game, see it was a off night for Jaylen what happened 
I want Jaylen to be a allstar level player with all my heart, but I just don’t see that potential. I just hope this sub doesn’t grow to resent him because he doesn’t meat the unrealistic expectations this sub has placed on him.
Yeah, we should just get a 2-0 lead and just keep running that play over and over again til the game ends.
I’m sorry it had to come to this.
He was fucking CONTINENTAL
Ludicrous. He was a +16 for the game. Highest in the team. 
It's crazy how often I play this. 
Another bad shooting night, but a +16, his impact on the floor makes up for the lack of points. I'm not too concerned, the shots will fall soon.
"This is a man who walked into the Oracle in Game 7 and came out with a Championship. I don't think a Saturday night in Miami is gonna phase him."
Nah. We'll lose one in March. Hayward will use that game to shake off the rust.
FUCKING RIP HEAT
Game threads have always been shit no matter where on the internet you go. Personally, I haven't viewed a game thread anywhere in years. 
I think you took the memes too seriously
I don't hate all Heat fans; just you specifically.
Anything for banner 18 :(
The criticisms for this game and last game are warranted. But people saying that he’s automatically a bust and should be traded is what’s pissing me off 
Yeah he had a few bad turnovers and just didn’t always make the smart play. 
asking because I DIDN'T get to watch the game, dick
Haters gonna hate.
So? That doesn’t mean he’s fucking trash, it’s his second season
As we know... +/- is everything. Don't let the bad shooting, lack of other positives and four turnovers fool you... It was a Greta game. 
By saying "That doesn't mean he's fucking trash" doesn't imply that I think you said he's fucking trash. I used it as a figure of speech, besides, you seem to ignore the fact of how making shots isn't everything. He was still +16 in the game with 5 rebounds and a assist. And telling me to learn reading comprehension doesn't prove your point, you fucking dickhead
 
This is some fake news I can get behind!
He got him with the Lil Pump (fake)
So that’s what it feels like to be maple dicked :/
olynyk still making Celtics fans angry
OMG WHAT A GIANT FUCKING OFFENSIVE REBOUND BY MARCUS SMART WHAT A FUCKING CHAMP
#MAPLE DICK FOR THREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

oh fuck we don't get those points now
I hate how big dudes like LeBron and Giannis get superstar ticky tack fouls while kyrie gets mugged and no call 
What's with all the Jaylen hate?
Tatum plays like a fucking vet is crazy
"I almost didnt recognize Kelly" I find that really hard to believe Abby 
There is no Boston Fan that can say a bad thing towards Baynes. Such a likeable player to have on your team.
3ITKH would be the most annoying person ever to watch a game with
GET MAPLE DICKED BITCHES...
 
Oh wait, that's us getting maple dicked :((  Miss you Kelly.
Baynes is fucking legit.


Baynes.... this guy is insane
jaylen is sulking a little...feel bad for him
Guys Kyrie hasn’t been THAT bad tonight. Please chill out 
aaron baynes or jayson tatum for player of the game
Fuck the Heat, fuck Pat Riley, fuck their subreddit and fuck the rest of their fans too.
Weird to see Kelly in black and red
Kelly with a steal and a 3 against already why does he hate us ☹️
Tatum is having a game! 
Every now and then I am shocked to see Kyrie as a Celtic. Damn it Cindy, get used to this!
JAYLEN BAD NIGHT I'M CRYING T________T
CSN with uncharacteristically bad camera work tonight 
Tatum is my age holy fuck 
I feel like Tatum has barely been involved, yet he's still the leading scorer in the game. Crazy. Imagine what he'll do when the offense actually revolves around him.
damn it's crazy.. not only did we get tatum instead of fultz.. we got the lakers/sac pick too
KYRIE WHAT THE FUCK IS A WIZARD
The dagger by KYRIE! Fuck yeah he just saved us from being MAPLEDICKED. 
Will this be the breakout game for Kyrie? Will J&J pick up after meh nights? Will the Maple Dick get throttled by the Aussie Dick? 
Kelly doesn't play for us no more, Marcus.
The worst part about liking this team is having to choose between a Kyrie, Hayward, Horford, Jaylen, or Jayson jersey.
this is a weird game
The Smart hate needs to chilllll
Wtf was that human mannequin
HOLY SHIT THEIS!!!! (DAMN IT I KEEP TYPING THESIS)
All of fucking Australia.
Tatum is going to be a superstar, I can't fucking wait
Holy fucking strides Jayson, god damn gazelle out there 
I'm gonna be real mad if we lose this game because of Kelly.
JAYLEN IS ANGRY
Tough day at the office for Jaylen jeez
Calling it now, Tatum with a Paul Pierce-esque stepback to ice the game.
and that's why he's kyrie fucking irving
Marcus, just give the fucking ball to Kyrie
Marcus Smart haters in this thread on suicide watch rn hahaha

Makes 1 bad play: I hate Marcus, pass don't shoot you trash you ruin the offense of our team!!1!
Kelly lowkey ballin in Miami. Small sample size but the efficiency is crazy 
Let's go! [Scal and Abby awkward low five](https://streamable.com/btiwn)
I hate watching games in this arena, it's depressing.
How's the game? Currently at a bar and the damn waitress won't change channels for me :(
That double fake tho
Dumb hero ball by Kyrie 
Our defence has been menacing. Love it 
I can't not love you, Kelly.. But please don't go game 7 on us >:(
Terrible shot Marcus 
Horrific sequence for Smart
holy fuck what a pass
Adebayo's shoes are making me irrationally angry
Put fucking Tatum in wtf
Baynes out here making blind foul shots 
Jaylen has to have amnesia after a game like this, this will be two bad games in a row. 
Baynes is fucking AUTOMATIC from mid range holy FUCK
Kyrie reads the passing lanes so fucking well
On the replay, I'm not sure that was out
Holy fuck these in between time out breaks are brutal. Some of the most annoying music / hype I've ever heard
Fuck these refs
The Celtics' late game offense is... not good.
TOO SCARY
weak tech
Weak ass T
Once kyrie starts hitting those dagger shots this team will be dangerous 
WTF are you doing Kyrie?
Get Terry the fuck outta here. 
jaylen looks lazy
Kyrie fucking Irving folks 
This is what superstars do. Bail you out when you're trying to blow a game.
Jaylen looks frustrated af. Gerald green would help with a vet role on the young ones
MARCUS, PASS THE FUCKING BALL!!!!!
Wtf happened to this sub
When will Kyrie have the breakout game I'm looking for? Still looking and wouldn't mind if it was tonight. Go Cs! 
Let’s go green!!
Why is there no one at this game? The place is empty.
I don’t like how we’ve started this.  Our D and our O look a bit confused.
How is the Heat arena so empty on a SATURDAY NIGHT PRIME MATCHUP? Crazy how things can change once Lebron and Wade leave
Waiters has looked so sloppy tonight
fuck tyler johnson and his shitty fucking chinstrap
Oh so NOW you know how to say his name, you Heat commentator twat. No more Ole Nick.
what a fucking putrid end to 1st.
Well that quarter was painful to watch. 
One of Al, Kyrie, or Brown should be in the game at literally all times. 
God, I do not miss that Kelly pump fake
Kelly's awkward ass drive
Come on Marcus slam that shit!!
And just like that, the hate for Smart has momentarily stopped.
His pull up threes are a lot worse than when he shoots it in rhythnm 
I wanted Jaylen to yam on him so bad
Weekends must be lit in miami, nobody's at the game
Wish we stopped getting confused executing our plays and going to ISO 
Baynes has some weird form but it works. Other bigs in the league should take notes
What a piss poor blocking call
Man fuck off refs.
What Kelly stripped horford wtf??
Tatum is such a fucking beast.
maple dick :'(
this bench lineup is AWFUL
It doesn't feel like the game should be anywhere close.
olynyk fucking us
Why does this team stop running an offense in the 4th quarter? Iso ball wtf 
Holy fucking travel on the Heat. Of course no call.
Wtf is this trash rn
Seriously Jaylen????
**Highlight:** [Kyrie Irving fakes the 3 and spins in the ridiculous reverse lay up in crunch time](https://streamable.com/tbrep) | [Replay](https://streamable.com/mzz7i)
I just noticed how FREAKING EMPTY the arena is wtf
Holy fuck Kyrie's clutch
What's up with Jaylen? past two games
hurts seeing Kelly in that uniform :(
Tatum is my age holy fuck 
That technical by jaylen was really dumb. Game turned on that. You don't take T's in the last 5min of a competitive game. 
Jaylen playing tired, stupid. Missed free throws, gave away an in bounds pass, shit defense
Hurts to see Maple Dick on a Red and White jersey :(


I've watched eight episodes of Stranger Things 2 and will finish after this game. Disgusting.
Pathetic. Ive never seen Kyrie have a game like this in Cleveland. ofc he comes to Boston and suddenly doesnt know how to shoot the ball
Tropical depression moving through Miami Gorman says? Let’s hope they get hit with a northeastern tonight amirite guys!? Sorry I’m baked I’ll see myself out
Not a lot of fans in Miami these past few years, weird 🤔
Baynes is a fucking enforcer
In Chicago at the bulls game but sending my hype to the C’s. Let’s get it guys
Damn did Waiters fuck Scal's girl or something?
Is it a preseason game? There is no one in those stands.
Cant get mad at getting maple-dicked like that
Ugh that was an ugly possession 
Is anyone else's sound fucked up? I have RCN and it keeps cutting in and out.
I hate this Andersons commercial. That kids voice is so damn nasally 
What the fuck?
MARCUS WET AS FUCK
fucking nasty
This is ugly
BAYNES IS A FUCKING WALL.
Those yellow shoes are really annoying 
HOW THE HELL CAN A FUCKING WALL PASS LIKE THAT
Hard move, but a flagrant? Eh.
That flagrant is so stupid. He would make the same move against a big. Just so happens there is a mismatch.
I missed some of the game. What’s the score and how are the boys looking?
mapple dick looking awkward down there
That was awful by Kyrie. Not only did he not recognize the dude was open til too late then he puts the ball in the crowd.
Rondo on fire this game 🔥🔥🔥
Yo this stadium looks like it'd be fucking lit why is no one there?! 
That 1/3/1 Zone is a thing of beauty. It's worked twice now on late shot clock situations.
Rozier is atrocious at finishing at the rim
Never easy with these guys 
Someone should tell Theis that Kelly likes to pump fake a lot
Did Brad get replaced by Scott Brooks? Wtf is this lineup?
What the fuck is with these late whistles
OLYNYK REVENGE GAME
Oh fuck we almost lost the thunder.
SCARY TERRY BITCH
Oh man...  He finally gets a bucket then gets called for a Tech :(
That was like 4 garbage offensive possessions in a row. That can't fucking happen
yikes this is not good
It's never easy with this team 
Put fucking Tatum in coach
That’s frustrating
Oh for fucks sake what the fuck was that
Holy shit Kyrie. Fucking cold blooded 
Kyrie hits his shots when they mean something. Fuckin wet
that was nasty
and thats why kyrie is a fucking monster he does that
Kyrie makes my peepee go hard
This offense is atrocious
I still don't think Marcus needs to be 2-3 feet behind the line on his threes
Marcus' offensive game can be summed up in that one possession 
Larkin is bad, dont play him
And just like that shit officiating ties the game
God damn, Jaylen...what the fuck was that dumb shit
Absolutely terrible fucking end to the quarter
grab a fucking rebound
What the fuck is Marcus doing there?

Can't have dumb possessions like that
jaylen been bad since last game
Holy FUCK Brown and Rozier our NOW
Get Larkin out jesus christ. The guy is fucking terrible
Rozier the worst finisher ever
Kyrie is looking frustrated. Still looks unclear what his role is. I'm really pulling for him but he looks frustrated.

Edit: uncle drew heard... and said I was wrong
Totally unnecessary Jaylen 
WOW JAYLEN IS A TURNOVER MACHINE :((((
Absolutely fucking pathetic man.
Two atrocious possessions
I mean yeah Marcus made some 3s. He still has bad habits with shot selection.
welp, bad Kyrie is back.  time to start hating again
Damn. This is gonna be a tough loss to swallow
Make a fucking shot god damn
For the past hour, I've been looking at viable trade options for Brown. Who do you think we could get for him? Bledsoe? Brook Lopez? Marc Gasol?
Bro get them shits! The gum soles are lit with that shit! 💪🏻
I forget that he's just a raw sophomore sometimes because he carries himself with uber confidence
crazy bro. he's fuckin 19 till like march
It shows what front runner the fans in Miami are. When Bron was there you saw nothing but jerseys. Wade the same. What now? It’s irritating to be a die hard fan of a city like Boston and to get shit for being passionate by opposing fans just to have them forget there team exists when they suck. No matter how shit the C’s where in years past the stands were packed and we stayed roaring. Fuck bandwagoners! Go Celtics! 🍀 🍀 
Amir Johnson was the worst at boxing out
Seriously, kid is doing work
Stop that BS. +/- dosen't matter. Brown is fine, just a bad game. 
Single game plus minus means nothing. He’s been bad. Accept it.
He's in a funk past 2 games was 18.8pts after 4 games
He’s just hard on himself
Still a bad game for him
FUCK YOU IM NOT REACTIONARY
If he grows anymore it would literally be unfair for the rest of the league
Fuck everything about the Heat except for Maple Dick Olynyk! Seriously, fuck them!
Seriously
Shooting poorly but he has taken a bunch of late-clock shots.
Taking tough shots
A lot of fake fans came in when we got Hayward don't worry about it.
marcus "lonzo ball" smart

even has the horrific shooting percentage
And he's a fucking WALLLLLLLLLLL.
Because even when hes having a bad offensive night, u know hes gonna defend
Single game plus minus is perhaps the least telling stat
+/- is useless stat

Saturday night, sloppy game.. everyone has a couple pops in them 
watching the Celtics game wbu?
Watching the game, having a bud. 
Are they Victoria's Secret models?
Consistency (Not sure if this is a thing) = 5

He is a fucking idiot
that inbound play was atrocious but wasnt entirely jaylen's fault. No one moved an inch
Leads team in +/-, guess the ball moves a bit quicker with him on the floor, and he doesn't take bad shots. 
The mad man 
From this game day thread, it might be us
You're a little late.
r/nbastreams should have a link when the game starts
Very ordinary.. just sluggish
It wasn't ridiculous. Elbow to the head is always flagrant now, regardless of intent.
Fuck outta here
Always. So tired of the pessimism
Lakers probably won’t be that bad
Fuck 2k ratings 
/s obviously wtf
Why??? Why are you like this? Every fucking game!! Nobody digs this fucking negativity man.
Stevens usually rests the star PG for the 4th quarter, which is why IT had almost 10pts per 4th qtr.
At least Jaylen gives effort
Nah we go hard
haha sick burn bro!!!!!!!!!!!!
You forgot Jaylen wtf..
Those shots were not that bad. He forced one up end of the 1st but it was certainly forgivable 
Fuck off
My god dude, get the fuck out
hey fuck you
He's gotta earn it, don't feel bad for him.
Wow I'm shocked you would think that
I'm wondering if there's a way i can block your stupid comments from showing up on here
Fuck off
Fuck off 
Weak bait bro
for Miami and the Maple Dick, you mean?
omgggggggggggggggggg shut the fuck up
where the fuck are the mods
Check yourself. You’re dangerously close to wrecking.
Literally shut the fuck up jesus
Yo they're not bandwaggoners. They're just unpleasant and will always be there.
Sad to see. I hope they aren’t celtics fans because I don’t want to see our fanbase in that way 
James Young deserved his hate after a while. This is Jaylens second season and he came into this game averaging 16 ppg
Dude there was literally like 32 people saying things like they hated smart and that he's trash on offense right after 1 bad play, no fucking lie.

Shut your fucking face if you're gonna spread inaccurate lies
Yeah my stream is slightly behind
Couldn’t agree more, the Heat broadcast is so bland and boring. It’s almost like they take after there fans by not giving a shit unless Lebron is on there team.
Fuck you...

^Take  ^your ^damn ^upvote
If there was a tropical storm here in Boston I'd be at this game 
hes right though that was a bad end to the quarter
he's had bad games like that for the Cavs before
we're ahead, he had his say, then went a bit further and got T'd up. That's not going hard that's going stupid.
Was terrible last game as well
He’s shown no meaningful offensive growth 
Dangerously close? Dude wrecked a long time ago. 
Nah with that costume I'll just be punching my teammates in the back of the head and scooting off to write bad poetry and wear lipstick in the shower
No kidding. Crazy.
I never saw anyone dissing Tatum though, everyone pretty much universally loves him yet today it became a thing to hate on Jaylen for 2 bad games out of 6. I must be missing something. 
Can't go wrong! The gum bottom does remind me of the Parquet floor, however. https://i.redd.it/zxk30afa3ihz.jpg
And tackling lanky, awkward tall guys!
I too base my projections off of two bad games.
Sorry I may have overreacted because of all the Jaylen hate tonight.
I hope not. He's not a very good basketball player. 
I'm not big on nostalgia or journalism. Not saying its bad, just not my preference.

I listen for the analytics and inside views of FOs.
Don't mess with that olynyk guy. He has a nasty history of intentionally being a dirty player and injuring people. Only kidding folks, still love you kelly. 

Jaylen bounce back game. Star players rarely have 2 "bad" games in a row. I know he was 1 point and 1 rebound shy of a double double against the bucks, but i don't think he played all that well. Looking for 20+ points from him tonight on efficient shooting percentages
I’m looking for our big-men to take on Whiteside and make his night a difficult one, both ends of the floor.

- Horford needs to get his outside shot early to draw Whiteside out of the paint

- Our guards need to just avoid Whiteside screen and rolls. Let their guards shoot it off the screen, or our bigs switch on a drive. I don’t want to see our guards taking Whiteside screen to the face.

Any other facets of Whiteside’s game we need to deny?

Edit: I have been wrong, I am wrong, and I will be wrong in the future. No Whiteside
Kelly drops 60 - Jaylen scores the game winner at the buzzer on an alley-oop
Anyone that says AL sucks is an amateur basketball fan and just doesn't understand what he brings to this team 
Did Morris not work out during the trial? He must have been in terrible shape to stay out this long. I know there's knee soreness, but it sounds like he's really far behind in meshing with the rest of the team.
Josh Jackson is a moron
I don't see Lakers helping us with Randle.  I could see us getting someone like Ilyasova or Len, but not much more than that.
Seen an awful lot of Randle living in Southern California. Every now and again he makes a play that makes me think of Clippers era Lamar Odom. Unfortunately most of the time he’s just bad, bad turnovers, bad shots, horrendous defensive rotations, and poor body language and bench presence to go with it. 
And he's also been terrible this year. 
Strikes me as a young player that has been in a terrible situation. Poor coaching and no veteran leadership. 
He's not playing poorly whatsoever...
I was just reading that he's gambling a lot on D and driving Carlisle crazy. I haven't watched the games, so I'm just passing along second-hand insights. Have you been watching Noel play?
Jaylen chokes the catch in the Knicks game.
Rozier chokes the screen in the Bucks game.
Jaylen had had some insane dunks but he has been an inch away from dunk of the year a few times 
The one on the right would’ve been an insane finish, not his fault. But yeah he needs to improve his touch.
You aren't wrong but a big dunk can do wonders for morale and sometimes momentum of a game.
Held KP and Giannis to their worst games this season. 
Didnt you hear, we lost Jae and Bradley, we are officially the worst defensive team in the league!
It's not like they're a bad team. I'm not sure why everybody thought they'd fall off a cliff
That’s a weird way to spell defending our title but I will take it
All for conspiracy theories but this is bad if the Nba wanted to suspend them they would do it publicly no way the pa would let this happen 
The Gordon Hayward injury is fake too.  They just suspended him for a year because he and Brad Stevens broken tampering rules. 
You don’t need to be found guilty by the justice system to be suspended they have different rules and regulations. The players association would never allow an under the table suspension 
Yeah, I think Stern did some shady things but Silver is gonna be ruthless when it comes to staining the image of NBA
The “yeah” part of your answer is what matters. What comes after it is irrelevant.
Yup, Al owns Porzingis tbh, he always seems to have an explosive game against him 
Kyrie in a Celtic's uniform yelling at a fan to suck his dick.  I'd be confused a little.
Isaiah scored *53* points in a playoff game?  
I have some bad news for you about Lou...
Yeah McDermott is not very good at defense 
I would trade Yabu and some random picks for him. Randle is basically what we'd be elated with Yabu turning into. 
I'm not really sure of the point you're trying to make. But I know Marcus would at least get a stat bump playing a bad team. 

A mediocre player on a mediocre team isn't going to come to a good team and suddenly be impactful. 
Nicknames should be organic.  This feels bad and forced.
Fuck that. They don’t choose. we do.

Trouble 07 for 3!  Swish
This is terrible.    Should be Back to Back Threes....or Flight Zero Seven.   
It’s a lame nickname. 


Trouble 07 or bust
It is lame, and trouble 07 was even worse. How about we just call them Jaylen and Jayson
What does this mean, in extreme layman's terms?
Baevery Bradley :'(
Watching the pistons and sixers game made me depressed
Okafor is a dinosaur and slow. Not a chance.
Scary Terry > Sad Russ
Seriously? Roz?
Ah skipped the salary part, too bad. If the Bulls want to move Portis for our 1st rounder or less, I say we do that then.
Well if there's anybody that can fix an allegedly bad passer it's Brad
So have you been unhappy with the performance of Theis and Baynes thus far?
The Celtics need to stay away from Will Barton. I don't understand the love for this kid. He's very inconsistent, he doesn't play much of a team game. Celtic fans will get sick of him jacking up terrible shots and playing out of control.  Plus he calls himself the peoples champ. That will always be The Rock.
Ah yeah, you're right. That's too bad.
it's literally the least we can do
Yeah. 
There is a player development aspect to the league that simply did t exist even 10 years ago.

On a lot of teams those guys are on the court with the veterans learning the ropes, getting torched, missing assignments, taking bad shots etc.  Just being bad competition. 

19 year old Emanuel Mudiay played 30 mins a game as a rookie. He would not have seen the court at that developmental stage in the 70's-90's.



Now Heat fans will have an excuse when we whoop that ass :(
Semi is disappointed he doesn't get to shut him down.
i feel a trap game
Bad news for us. He gets rebounds against us but Brad usually coaches him out of the game.
Spurs game is at home
I do too. Tyler Johnson and Goran Dragic usually have played well against us.
His Snapchat game is on point 
why are ppl scared of LMA again?  prevent the others in transition, stay home, and LMA will pound the clock away with his slow lumbering post play.
[Kelly quit fucking around!](https://twitter.com/RedsArmy_John/status/862489119074783232)
Going to the game in Miami tomorrow. I'll tell Maple Dick everyone said hi. 
I hope the closest maple dick ever comes to re-wearing Celtic green is when Tatum posterizes him. Never want to see that clumsy, un-athletic waste of fifty million dollars play for Boston again.
This right here is a stupid take you don't realize how valuable Kelly is.
What makes this statement absurd is this is Giannis's **5th** year in the league.
He’s obviously not a good defender, but we aren’t killed with him out there. He’s been getting mad steals too
Crazy to think Allen and KG did it the same season 

Crazy to think IT did this coming off of the bench
And some people think he's doing awful smh
Wait until the sixth game...
Gordon coulda done it too :(
God bless this guy, and you know he was slamming scotch in locker rooms after the game. 
Yeah this video is almost as outdated as the HOF. went there last week and it said oscar robertson is the only player to average a triple double. I was appalled.
I know that Brown had a terrible game shooting, but he had 9 boards 3 offensive. Would love to see his highlights.
Al shot 4-5 from 3...that’s insane
Dude - I have a fucking life not spent online and revolving around memes and bullshit like that.  
Yeah I guess.  Some redditors think everyone sits around in this fake online world. 
bad bot
bad human
With Semi and when Morris comes in we're going to have some serious lockdown on D
I read this in Mr. Lahey's voice. ( R.I.P :/) 
It's so dumb that people are still downvoting this sentiment. 
Yeah, I mean shit. If you are used to guarding these guys then you're gonna think guarding other players is a piece of cake.
People say he is a Jae Crowder type guy. But I think he looks more physically menacing in almost every way. And he can leap. I'm on the Semi hype 
I mean, in fairness, Lonzo doesn't need Semi's help for that
Jaylen had a bad night but man, Al Horford is so dreamy. 
Summary of TNT announcing during last night's game : 

Giannis : *Breathes

Reggie : [OMG!](https://imgur.com/a/NbQQA)
Every day I wake up, I think how this team would look with Gordon. Why the fuck did the basketball gods have to take him.


I really thought we'd be average to bad on defence this season, mainly because young players are usually terrible at it. Thus far, I've never been happier to be wrong.
I started to panic when that happened. Plz no more injuries.
Missed the game, what happened?
Sorry but I really don't see his game or personality that way in the slightest.
Yeah he's terrible 
Idk why Bucks fans would be mad at him, but until the 4th quarter he was pretty bad. I think he was 0-7 at one point from the field and just taking some ridiculous shots
“He aint dead!”
It took Kyrie doing damn near impossible moves for him to even acknowledge we were on the basketball court. 
Its just the flopping and scrappy plays on defense. We would absolutelt hate marcus 100% of the time if he wasnt on our team.
Reports of Gordon Hayward's death have been greatly exaggerated 
comparing Green to Jaylen brown is like comparing Green to Jaylen... ridiculous. Jaylen the goat. I'll never forgive the Perkins/Green trade 
Jaylen had a poor game so he's going to blow up on Miami the poor bastards.
Rim protectors are never phased.. that woulda been a tough one tho
Bloody oath
The andersons got tickets to the game??? How'd they get tickets?!?!
Young usually means losing seasons. Not winning.  Especially with bad coaches and a team with a history of losing
This is so obviously a joke that I'm actually shocked you got downvoted.
I don't think anyone in the league could fuck with Baynes in a fight
Man why you have to go out and curse Baynes like that. He was hobbling last night, don't make it worse :(
I wanted Yabu out there tho :(
Weird to think that matchup might possibly be a staple of deciding who goes to the finals for years to come.
Damn one of our rookies said that? 

EDIT: Forgot bucks had some rookies they never play, thats why I was confused
Fucking DJ
Ruthless
Marcus reads the game threads for motivation in between his playing time
While this is true, the dude can't put the ball in the basket. He literally can't.

Worst scorer in modern NBA history. And he's taking 13 shots a game.
No I agree with you, Kyrie isn't shooting like he can and even a bigger issue is he has been taking bad shots, but it's nothing I think we need to worry about which is why people probably downvotes you
This is probably a dude who catches one game a week and watches bootum lowlights videos the rest of the time.
:( 
The inputs is that he’s actually terrible with the ball in his hands. He’s a career 35.6% fg shooter (that’s awful), and from 3 he’s a 29.1% fg shooter and over the last three seasons, including the first four games of this season, his percentages are 25.3, 28.3, and 29.4% with a career 2:1 assist to turnover ratio. Hes not good at all with the ball in his hands. As a matter of fact, that’s the epitome of not being good with the ball in your hands. 

I trust the ball with Rozier 100x more and twice on Sundays over that stupid puke. Get beyond the green bias and watch the game with your eyes, not what Tommy says “won’t show up on the stat sheet.”
I agree. We both got downvoted hard for our statements but I’m sorry, the guy sucks. He’s the same damn player since his second season.
I mean we wouldn’t have drafted Yabu if we had him.
Ur an idiot who’s never played if you defend that shot
Listen hun, no improvement on the jump shot into his 4th year (with statistical data to back his god awful shooting - worst in the nba among guards during that time, too) says that I am right. Clearly your a fan boy who desperately wants this guy to be something he’s not, which is an offensive presence.
I’m looking at the numbers. The numbers are poor. If he turns it around I’ll sit and eat my words. But I’m not hopeful based on the last month of the season versus the previous three years, sorry.
One month stretch, playoffs he shot 37%. Too small of a sample size. Go by year or half a year. Stop being a fan boy. If Marcus is shooting >35% for the first half of 2017/2018 then I will go along with the trend and concur improvement has been made. But a one month stretch is not changing what I’ve seen out of his first 3 years of awful, awful shooting and shot selection.
I want him to do well. But he’s not. So I’m not going to sugar coat awful shooting. And I’m not your buddy, guy.
It must be sad to be blinded by love. I bet your girl cheats on you and you make excuses for her to your friends. “It was one time, along time ago guys,” and “no man, they’re just friends.” Sad!
Keep telling yourself that. Btw, how comfortable were you when it was a 1 point game vs Toronto in the closing minute and Marcus shot that awful fadeaway? Did you think that actually had a chance and that is the offense we wanted in that situation?
Well it’s sad you’d be so loyal to someone who’s numbers aren’t good. Makes no sense, unless you’re just a fanboy. If you’d like, We can go back to Marcus. Another game, another shitty ass performance shooting the ball. Surprise fucking surprise. What’s he shooting from the field through 6 games? 33%...fucking awful.
If he makes poor ass decisions I don’t like him. 
Maybe someday you’ll understand garbage shooting percentages. Basketball isn’t like baseball. If you make less than 3 out of every 10 shots you’re fucking awful. Literally every Boston writer is talking about his horrid offense. That’s okay, keep your blinders on.
Bc Avery is gone, duh.
Nothing is as bad as Marcus smarts shooting (29%)
Watch his game. Awful.
Snapchat is not known for maturity. Once it is, that may mean its death.
fuck.
Idk whats crazier, that the Celtics held Giannis to his worst performance of the season so far, or that 28-10-7-3 is his worst performance of the season lol
Mirza was awful. That was certainly part of it. 
I mean it did a bit...maybe like Semi
If you play 2k and hate how Lebron dominates defenders, put Ojeleye on him.  Only guy that has strength and speed in the game on the Celtics to stay in front of him.
Automatic Al. Fuck the haters
"Al Horford is overpaid" - loser idiots who don't understand basketball
Horford stepped the fuck up.
Social media is blowing up with the missed Giannis dunk over Baynes. He fucking missed it. 
I called it before the game : Brad won this game ! Period ! COTY
Sloppy game, but got the W
We are so sensitive. Thank God no one got hurt on this ugly ass floor.
FUCK YOU GIANNIS
Gave you your 300th upvote...which is the number of points I expect Kyrie to have when the clock hits triple zeroes in game 10.
To add to Brown, He also had 9 boards, 3 offensive ones, and at least two forced turnovers that didn't show up on the stat sheet.
Watch no more my friend, we’ll catch post season, can ya dig!
Watched the game with my dad and I called him a loser idiot after he said "about time he does something" stfu u old bitch go watch the warriors 
They don't understand his value, but I wouldn't call them loser idiots.
This. Brad Stevens is the unfair advantage.
Even on that Irving kick out for the late clock Al three, Baynes put a lot of work into Middleton whilst Kyrie was driving to create space and then held him up a bit so he couldn't get out to contest the Horford shot. It's the little things he does to help the team.
I put on eyelash serum every night in hopes of getting mine as long as his :'(
:(
The tweet after G2 1st Round blew my mind. Morons
They're loser idiots.
Harlan's even worse
https://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/tiny.fcgi?id=IdYHi

Not really. I love AB, but he couldn't defend Kyrie.
tired of it
I agree, it ended up being such an unrealistic attempt. Ended up throwing it at the basket in hope.
With a username like yours, I'm really confused about what you're talking about, but I agree either way.
I mean. Maybe.... MAYBE... Iggy or Lebron in the playoffs 

Edit: I guess I retract my height statement for the exception of Lebron
Avery :'(
bad bot
I've watched this at least 10 times by now and it's no less filthy
This was goddamn FILTHY haha
that finish is insane.  like the hesitation barely got Kyrie the room to get it off, and Giannis was maybe an inch away with his freakish length to block it.  there's some crazy basketball computation going in at full speed.
That move was dirty.  Pass was dirtier tho
uhh anyone else catch milhouse just chillin behind the bench there?
This one was nasty. Everyone on defense was focused on Kyrie because they know what he can do alone and they completely forgot Al Horford is a bad man. Might be the play of the game in my opinion just because of they hype and momentum this play provided 
Probably meant video game projects.
This is like when a father gets mad at his son and tells his him to do his homework even though it isn't due tomorrow
he's supposedly a fanatic gamer, doesn't like nba 2k tho http://www.espn.com/espnw/news-commentary/article/6948686/gordon-hayward-talks-life-professional-gamer
In honor of the guy at the game tonight 

MILPOOL____ 
Nah fuck Reggie. Harlan is a sportscasting legend though.
Also he's just annoying as fuck. I can't stand Reggie as an announcer. 
that title really confused me
This court almost looks fake 
Apparently not if it was a close game though
God I fucking hate listening to reggie miller. 
Jesus, just thought Tatum broke his leg. My brain is so fucked up after the Hayward incident.
About to have ptsd when I hear Harlan’s voice.

Also, FUCK REGGIE MILLER.
“Heuheuh I would’ve averaged 50pts in today’s game”

Shut the fuck up Reggie Miller you whiny ringless bitch
Can we just not have Reggie Miller do the game?
Kyrie just got fucking sandwiched between 2 defenders, no foul? 
Al hitting nasty fades on the baseline and Reggie Miller has nothing to say about it.
Never seen an announcer so horny over a missed dunk. Fuck you reggie.
Reggie needs to shut the fuck up 
I fucking hate Reggie so much. I miss Tommy.
I wanna punch Dellavedova so bad.  I just hate his face. 
We just gonna ignore that random Simpson's character in the crowd?
Does Reggie Miller hate us? 
Kyrie turning green...You won't like Kyrie when he's angry
This is a Kyrie game. Everyone else is struggling. We need uncle drew to pull this one out 
Reggie please just try to shut the fuck up
If Jaylen drops another 20+ point performance tonight, when do we seriously start the Allstar hype?
:(

https://streamable.com/kjzkq
I find it a little weird that the call of duty WWII cover has a guy with PTSD eyes on it.. i know it's not the first war game by any means but idk it just seems kinda wrong 
Don't let the Celtics sloppy play distract you from the fact that Reggie Miller never won anything in his career 
Are they chanting Reggie sucks?
sick finish by Kyrie. 
This is it. This is the game that Kyrie blows up
shut the fuck up Reggie.
I've never heard an announcer go so crazy over a dunk that wasn't finished...
Baynes is a tough motherfucker 
Baynes a real G. Fuck Reggie Miller
man i am worried about Baynes health, the guy plays so hard he is going to injure himself
Fuck Reggie. Gets asked about the Celtics decides to suck the Bucks instead
Fuck Reggie Miller
the kyrie-dominated game y’all wanted
I fucking hate Reggie Miller 
FUCK R/NBA KYRIE DPOY
Reggie shut the fuck up and accept the fact you fucked up by not joining the Big 3 in 07
Kyrie fuck me
The commentating is atrocious  
This Giannis cock sucking is so annoying
God this is an ugly game 
Kyrie is a stone cold killer holy fuck
Took five games for Al and Kyrie to develop a two man game that looks like this. Holy shit. 
FUCKING KILL THIS STUPID DEER
Ahhhhhh so saddd Reggie, Fuck you Reggie
gg guys, your boys get stronger every game
Fuck Reggie Miller so hard. 
Reggie is one of the worst announcers in the history of sports broadcasting
Reggie Miller shut the fuck up
why the fuck would they show that
Weak tech but I’ll take it
God damn these calls. And all Reggie Miller can say is "wow that's 9000 Boston turnovers now"
Edit: Now with Antetokoupmnpo's dick in his mouth when he didn't even make the dunk over Baynes. Sick of this boy. 
Get reggie miller off the fucking air
Damn, Baynes...  That looked really painful...
Baynes IS A FUCKING WALL!!!!
What the fuck reggie
Jaylen fucking loves going for the hammer
i hate that australian fuck 
Giannis is untouchable. Such a fucking joke! 
Why does Reggie Miller hate the celtics so much?
Horford: shut the fuck up Reggie, I'm playing well too!
How dope would it be if Horford dropped a 30/10/5 game
"I'm Klay Thompson, and I'm made of chocolate milk." God fucking bless Klay
Kyrie is insane
I have nothing against Brogdon, but he has a weird face.
Giannis is getting pissed and making bad choices 
Anyone else getting frustrated with Smart killing our flow on offense?
Fuck off reggie miller
Fucking Reggie. I knew that was coming. Wahhhh, they didn't call that for me. Such a whiny baby. 
All these people in r/nba are complaining about that flagrant when THE RULE WAS LITERALLY CHANGED THIS SEASON. You can't pull a Zaza anymore, whether intentional or not. Goddamn whiny idiots don't even know the rule book for the game they're watching.
I fucking hate how every pump fake is a travel now 
 That was a stupid technical
From this TNT commentary you would even know that we are and have been leading this game!
it's dumb that Baynes gets shit for going down hard and preventing that dunk.
I hate TNT already
started getting a headache watching this game, closed my eyes for a few thinking it was the court... turns out nope, it's from listening to Reggie Miller and his stupid comments...
Jaylen obviously got too drunk the other day
Jaylen's about to have a lowlights video :(
The Kyrie game. 
THAT'S A FUCKING CHARGE
That's a fucking charge
go fuck yourselves refs
Reggie calling that a flop is a travesty. What an absolute moron
nba sucking giannis' dick real hard
Side note the bucks are a tough as hell matchup for us. Beating this team without Hayward and Morris is a grind if we do it.
Jesus, when he's cold, he's fucking cold 
This game makes me so angry 
this team is struggling to find a balance on offense and we're all frustrated but we need to preach patience.
fucking marcus cmon
Al is having a monster game
Papa Horf can fuck any bitch
can we chill on the marcus hate? he's coming back from an ankle injury and playing on a crappy floor. give the guy a break
It's like they're attacking me through my TV. Worst than the bucks feed wtf!
Fuck the bucks and their ugly ass court.
Kyrie is a fucking Maestro. 
smaht... fuck u doin baby?
[PRE GAME HYPE MUSIC](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFMUaJ8Xtvs)
Damn it, when you rush errands and shit to watch the game and it starts late. Now I've been sitting in my underwear for 14 minutes since.
oh dear fucking god, there's the Home stream and there's Reggie Miller

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. FUCK.

Edit: NVM there's Mandarin stream. I don't speak a word of Chinese but NI HAO 
I fucking hate Reggie Miller 
Obligatory Fuck Reggie Miller
Reggie is fucking annoying 
God I fucking hate reggie miller
Reggie Miller is so annoying
I want Kyrie to drop 50 just to shut these TNT idiots. 
that should've been a fucking foul
Weak tech, but they missed the shooting foul to begin with...
HOLEE FUCK BAYNES, this man... this man needs like 50 Tommy points, I can't remember the last time we had a man this tough on the team.
Eat a fucking dick reggie 
Weak ass charge to make up for the weak ass tech
Sucks that Jaylen's shot isn't falling, but he's putting in work on the boards and D.
He was fouled lame
HOLY FUCK KYRIE AGAIN 
and go fuck yourself reggie
We got this game. The Jays will heat up.
Offense looks stagnant and confused
Holy shit Reggie is fucking pathetic 
Milwaukee's fucked now. Jaylen's shot dropped.
Sweet Jesus, Kyrie is fucking filthy.
Because these assholes at TNT mentioned it...I have no doubt Hayward's recovery process will be smooth-sailing with how hardworking he is. I'm amazed at how far he's come already, crazy.
Fuck. Horford and Kyrie are both out. 
Baynes is a fucking enforcer down low!
**Highlight**: [Semi Ojeleye locks down Giannis](https://streamable.com/tppzq)
Fuck the Bucks
6th in defensive rating, 1st in forced number one option frustration 
WORST 50TH ANNY EVER
God that court will look awful on TV...
I have to say I did not miss Marcus at all. Even just the one bad 3 gave me war flashbacks. 
I guess statistically you're bound to hit at least one 
Fuck you chuck
holy fuck I'm tired of looking at this court already
how is that a flagrant WTF?!?!?

Flagrant is harsh. Tatum was going forward so it was hard to tell where he would land.
Remember how you shoved Jordan, Reggie? Fuck off
Just started watching imediatly i felt hate for reggie
I smell Celtics Kyrie breakout game
FUCK REGGIE MILLER
I fucking hate these new travel calls
ABSOLUTELY GO FUCK YOURSELF REGGIE MILLER YOU DIPSHIT FUCK
Reggie you DUMBFUCK IT WAS A FOUL ANYWAYS GO FUCK YOURSELF 
Baynes doesn’t give a fuck. He will challenge anybody at the rim!
Damn Jaylen cold, he’ll pick it up
Jaylen not shooting well :(
Jaylen has to slow it down, and take it to the basket
will reggie shut the fuck up
I really don't wanna hate Giannis but if they suck him off every game like this I just might
jaylen do u understand u literally couldve been on sportscenter for 2 weeks smh I'm disappointed
FUCK IF JAYLEN JAMMED IT ON GIANNIS THAT WOULD HAVE SHUT UP REGGIE'S DUMBASS
Why the fuck is millhouse here?

this is kyries fucking game
Henson sucks and complains a lot. 
The hate these morons have 4 the Celts is otherworldly. It's ridiculous 
Fuck these games with the Bucks always gives us issues
I hate John Henson so much, such a f***ing punk
This will be a 7 game series if we ever meet in playoffs
This game is making me wish we would have an option to mute just the commentary on a game.
I pray for us mere mortals that the freak doesn't get a jump shot.
Is there something weird with the broadcast? All I hear is reggie miller cackling
Commentating sucks
Brown getting frustrated.  Rough game.
I seriously fucking hate snell
I hate this broadcast
As ugly as this looks, we're hanging in there
Maybe Reggie talking sounds weird because of Giannis' dick in his mouth.
AL FUCKING HORFORD
Kyrie and Al are bad men.
I'm finally hard
Every remark Reggie has for the Celtics sounds so forced 
Wtf Marcus
Marcus has been awful on offense this year.
What the fuck Marcus?
What the fuck Marcus 
wtf marcus was open for a few sec and waited for a defender. he needs to not play if he's not healthy
Oh my, Baynes is fucking fierce tonight.
Wtf Marcus
I've always been in Marcus's corner, but I think I've seen enough of this offense killing bullshit. He's being selfish. 
The Bucks court entertainment production quality is maybe the worst I've seen 
This game is dedicated to everybody that said Al isn't a max player
BAD SMART!
FUCK YES OJELEYE
**Highlight**: [Marcus Smart shot clock cheese](https://streamable.com/1powj)
Anyone who told me Tony Snell would be our reckoning I would've called crazy. 
Foul wtf
Fuck whoever threw that
Reggie talking like a disappointing dad to giannis 
I'm fucking hyped.
If you hate on Smart I just have to assume you're a filthy casual.
Turns out if you take 10 threes a game eventually one will go in 
Talk  that shit about marcus now folks!!!!! 
Will I get hate if I say I don't want to see Smart anymore until he is 100%? Really painful watching him right now.
#NEVER DOUBT MARCUS LATE
Holy damn bucks fans they are so dumb
Not sure if it's been said, but god damn is Milwaukee's court ugly
TNT Crew shitting on Kyrie.  Poor Kyrie.  
What's up with these random ass teams booing Kyrie?
Get Giannis into foul trouble!
Flagrant! That's BS! You can't close in like that under a shooters foot.. dirty play 
“I would average 50 in today’s game” boi 
Is reggie miller fucking retarted? You can contest a shot without having your feet be where the shooter needs to land...
Fuck u reggie miller
Pls dont be a ref type of game
are u fucking serious
Fuck all the rest. Is tatum alright?
This court is really painful on the eyes 
Horford's post game is so underrated.
holy fuck Kyrie 
how the FUCK
HOLY FUCK WHAT A LAYUP KYRIE
Kyrie is fucking dirty
This will be Kyrie's breakout game.
Baynes hobbling :/
Baynes don't give a fuck if he gets postered as long as he contest those dunks
Man wtf Jaylen thats a layup you should make
Teletovic is..... not good
What the fuck Terry 
Some awful offensive possessions right now 
Terry wtf
This is the point where I turn off the game if I'm Jaylen 
....this is some ugly ugly ugly basketball by both teams right now
This is Kyrie’s game
HOLY CRAP KYRIE
Wtf how is that not a T?
What a frustrating game
wtf Marcus!! Stop shooting those type of 3's!!
Jason Kidd looks like an angry gnome 
I hate Henson
I hate when kyrie stands still for 8+ seconds with the ball and makes no progress towards the basket.
JB having a rough game shooting :(
Smart needs to drain that, plenty of space between the defender and him to have an uncontested shot, so bad.
Shaq with an oxygen mask behind the screen.
I gotta mute this before Reggie makers me hate Giannis 
i think i hate the bucks this year like i hated the wizards last year
What the fuck is with the hesitations holy crap
The thing I hate about playing away to the Bucks: when I see a white dude in green yelling at the refs uncontrollably, I don't know whether I agree or disagree.
Um, those shorts make me not care about this game anymore.
this game is frustrating
STOP PUMP FAKING, TAKE THE FUCKING SHOT
Sloppy ass passing man i cant stand watching 
A one point game
FUCK YES
Marcus Dumb 
wtf marcus 
Damn Smart, terrible possession there.
Marcus wtf
God fucking damnit Marcus stop shooting and pass the fucking ball.
Does Monroe just hate us or something? Every year its the same shit with this fucking guy
OMG THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN DIRTY
Very sad we can't finish dunks tonight
#Mahcus wit the Sick Pass
Why is Smart so bad
I hate watching Smart dribble out the shot clock!

HOLY FUCK AL!
Scary Terry 👀
**Highlight**: [Marcus Smart drills the 3 pointer to push the lead to 7](https://streamable.com/vm1mr)
Greg Monroe is a dirty MOFO

Fucking hate that bushleague travel call
they get Tatum once a game with that travel call.
"Drop the Mic" looks fucking terrible
Fuck anyone else’s tnt feed just freeze?!
What a fucking sequence.    
Fucking Al 😍😍😍😍😍
Idiots - “fuck Smart.” Stevens - “Fuck Smart’s minute restriction”
FUCK YEAH JAYLEN 

(Pls hit these FT’s)
Jaylen's frustrated af this game 
Reggie sounds so sad now
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
Call me ballsy but I'm thinking thats game.
FUCK YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Kidd is a worthless coach
Thats game
Kyrie is a fucking GOD
Milwaukee fans gives no fucks. Lame. 
This was just a warmup for Kyrie. He just showed off a little bit, did what he had to do. Still waiting for his 40pt game
Damn Kristen Ludlow is tall. She's standing at least 6'5" in this interview
Fuck venison, I'm having a kyribeye
I fucking miss Kyrie. :(
Our offense is pathetic, cringeworthy.
GET THE FUCKING BALL TO KYRIE IN THE 4TH! **NOT** MARCUS SMART!
MARCUS I AM SO SORRY FOR NOT BELIEVING IN YOU AND YOUR SHOOTING
Jaylen unlocked, y’all fucked 
When the fuck is the tipoff? I thought it was at 8? 
I kinda agree with reggie :( pls dont kill me
Milwaukee's court sucks ass
I'll all for the Jaylen hype train but he's bound to have an off game soon, it happens

Get Rozier off the fucking court
The Celtics apologists in the /r/NBA thread are super fucking annoying 
Like what the fuck is that pass by Baynes
Smart just kills this offense :(
Smart is so bad on offense every year and we always try to make excuses for it
Marcus Smart had just about the worst quarter possible.
These hoodie warmups are so weird...
why are the bucks fans only booing kyrie smfh this is annoying 
Start the damn game already
Cavs fan here. I'm done hating on this man. Kyrie, ball the fuck out - drop 40.
I hate Reggie Miller
What the fuck is this court? Is this Clown U?
hate that we have reggie tonight

what is up with this fucking audio
Jason Kidd looks like a Triple H-Stone Cold Steve Austin fusion
Is the camera farther away than usual or am I just blind 
fucking hell please Tatum...
Can't afford foul trouble :(
wtf are these callss 
That’s a weak call
Ok these refs are just going to be horrible 
Never seen that called a flagrant,  am I crazy? 
Sit the fuck down Middleton
Hey guys, quit making bad passes pls
Wtf
Sick move by Horf.
FUCK YESS KYRIE ILY
FUCKING TO'S
Sloppy
every other play is a dumb turnover
Boi giannis getting locked down!!!
Stop. No more petty turnovers please, we’re beating ourselves 
Larkin just needs to let Scary Terry get that board.
thats so dumb 
Holy fuck baynes baby
What a fucking beast
offensive foul!? that's dangerous
Larkin sorry bro but you ain't Kyrie
This offense is so fucking bad
Horrible shot selection the past couple of minutes wtf, slow it down. NOT MY TEMPO!!!
do we know how to stay out of the fucking lane 
Al aint fucking around

This drought is worse than anything California has ever seen.
Oh god two attempted murders in one game.
I respect the fuck out of that Jaylen
This game is just utter ass.  So fucking ugly, and we have to sit here and listen to fucking Reggie Miller of all people.
Holy fuck
WHAT THE FUCK
#HOLY FUCK KYRIE
Maybe Terry is tired
Jaylen will still finish with at least 20
Is the Celtics leaguepass having really bad camera work? Seems zoomed in on kyrie or whoever has the ball
What the fuck Milhouse?
Did Harlan just say the thunder and the bucks or am I going crazy?
Not much more Theis could've done there. Geez Giannis
Don't fucking start that Marcus
Fuck, this game is starting to piss me off 
Why don't Jaylen or Tatum post up? Chicken shit
Refs are starting to suck badly again. About 4 wrong calls in a row
Baynes fucking automatic 
baynes is so fucking automatic from there
wow this game is so fucking frustrating to watch
A few times with clock winding down no one has wanted to pull the trigger. That's what you get from such a horrible shooting night, I guess.
I know it's been said hundreds of times, but imagine Hayward playing right now :(
So annoying 
Jaylen needs to foul him hard there, no easy And 1s
Fuck, not good. 
How the fuck is Reggie comparing KG's defense to Giannis. Fuck off
Gotta do something to prevent Giannis from taking this game over
Bucks are a damn scary team
Well at least one team can shoot.
Why do the bucks shoot like the warriors vs us, fucking Thon maker hit a 3
some awful plays coming out of half time.

better pick up the slack before this get out of hand
Our defense has kept us in this game
Someone take the shot jesus fuck
That drive by horf was sloppy 
Just sloppy man
Wtf was that come on man
What the fuck is this team 
Kyrie so frustrated. 
The team needs to fucking relax
Sloppy passing this is pitiful at times 
"AL HORFORD SUCKS"
Al what a fucking god
OH FUCK KYRIE YOU CANT DO THAT

THAT POOR MAN
THAT'S A BAD MAN
The fucking lead¡!¡!
Fuck off with that shit Marcus
Smart is as pathetic as it gets offensively.
Holy shit 3 terrible plays in a row by Marcus 
wtf is marcus doing...
Marcus stop shooting fuck
omg Australia almost killed him!
That would have been a sick dunk. Also I just realised how far behind my stream is
He's absolutely terrible like what Marcus 
Horford gettin me all hard.  
Scary!!
Why is Jason Kidd so hard to listen to
Shooting is a numbers game, eventually one has gotta go in.
Im a Smart but this game has been awful
Ojeleye is fucking lock down
I told u Semi would be a defensive powerhouse he's frustrating the shit out of Giannis 
***DISGUSTING***
there is no logic behind whether or not Smart's shots go in. You should know this by now.
Holy shit Baynes rebounding is Godly!
HOLY FUCK MAHCUS
ANOTHER terrible shot from Smart. Its at the point where i hate him making one because it gives him the confidence to shoot and brick the next 3 with a 20 second clock
They can hate 'em, but he's just Tatum.
FUCK ME
Giannis is like Lebron where he can just knock motha fuckas over. They gotta call some of the absurd physical shit he does when he drives.
Holy fuck AL
3 seconds or travel damn refs are slow
JB playing with some anger and heart
Damn these guys could be a fucking force by the end of the season.
They're earning the fuck out of these points
Seriously gonna get cooked by fucking Brogdon....
FUCK YEAH, THE KYRIE KUT!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
brad is a fucking genius
KYRIE FUCKING IRVING YES
Horford and Kyrie are absolutely unfair together
I like Irving off the ball better. I hate how he lets the clock wind down while chilling way behind the arc.
I wonder what brad things of the iso plays at the end of the game
Hell fucking yeah
Smarts passing has been on point tonight at least 
What the fuck happen to game of zones???
Snell scared the fucked the out of me with that fucking foot. 
Confession: I hate area 21. Still feels awkward as fuck to me. 
Marcus, fuck you.
Man, I wish it4 never got hurt I really miss him a lot :( 
Snell is like Scottie Pippen levels of ugly. 
jaylen has been crap on both side of the ball this game
THE FUCK IS THAT MARCUS? YOURE NOT STEPH CURRY YOU FUCK.
Very awkward segment there NBCS Boston.
The nike jumper's hood looks so weird. the black traingle bit makes it look like they're wearing a bonnet on their heads
Just turned the game on and holy fuck this court design is fucking disgusting, I can barely focus on the game because its so bright.
This team can't make a fucking layup to save their lives what the fuck
The jays playing like crap
Giannis is taking over this game.
Smart is terrible
Smart stop shooting and drive, this is miserable.
bad shot by smart smh
SCARY TERRy
smarts shot selections are fucking horrible 
Marcus Smart is horrible on offense. Just keep him on the defensive end
Even though it’s working I really hate the kyrie iso shit
Get smart out he's terrible 
Terrible shot by Smart.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT SHOT MARCUS
terrible rotations by Brad tonight
I fucking hate this closeout. Suspend any player that does this for the whole season.
We don’t deserve the lead wtf is happening 
wtf
SCARY TERRY BITCH!!!
SCARY TERRY.
VerY SCARY
Thank fucking god Marcus 
Get Rozier off of the fucking court
Fucking take Jaylen off he is not playing well at all ffs
tatum just dribbling into a tougher 3. God fuck this team at the moment
Is it that hard to play defense?
Larkin is so bad please stop giving him minutes
rozier is a dumbass 

pull him from the game 
Rozier is the worst finisher I have ever seen. 
Team is fucking lost.
Rozier is so fucking garbage
you mean like when Lebron ran away from Jaylen The Goat Brown?
Fuck Wedgie Miller
Cus people are always overreacting in the game threads. It's been like that for a long time.
Fuck forgot Wedgie Miller was commentating. 
Fuck Reggie Miller indeed.
Oh god... Is Reggie doing the game?
fuckin hate that guy, just the worst.
Is that what's going on?  Wtf
Yeah this is weird.. they were hyped about giannis’ missed dunk too
Yes my friend tossed him a budlight during the duck boat parade and he chugged it and then spiked it on the ground. In front of a cop. And the cop was laughing his ass off. 
Not sure, but I know I hate him. 
Reggie Miller is also just a dickhead, dont let him make you hate Giannis for it.
Snell and Jamal Crawford for 1st Team All Alien
At least the make is encouraging.
9-12, 3-4 from 3 is insane
giannis is unbelievable 
You don’t hate me right? 
Five different times I was too disgusted to look at the TV I'm so confused 
Scary Terry sighting
“I WoULd AvEraGe 50 iN tOdAy’s GamE”
You mean get fucked by
Night and day with last year where we blew every single fucking lead.
If they dress up for Halloween as Kid N Play i'll get behind it.
Nope. TNT only.

:(
Game is on TNT tonight 
Sucks getting offensive fouls on screens yet delladouchbag sets screens and grabs the jersey holding the defender on screens and nothing.
His commentary is also atrocious. He stumbles and mumbles a lot. 
:(
I feel like I'm in the twilight zone when the game is on TNT; like, could you guys at least pretend to be neutral?
It's cause they're all long as fuck
Its so ugly to watch
Tatum's like oh so you don't just pump fake until you're not open?
28-7-10 isn't bad, I didnt see the game but how badly do these numbers misrepresent his game?
His defense will never make up his horrible offense
but it was a bad tech and a foul on baynes...
I mean, I hate that is called a tech though. With that said, everyone knows its a tech, so its a stupid move by liggins. 
:/
This isn't their usual court
I don't get it either, Kd didn't get booed except in OKC and Boston and his move was just infinitely worse than Ky's, not sure why Philly and Bucks fans dislike Kyrie?
His face after he landed was him wincing hard as fuck, fuck up
You using thin sliced corn beef or thick cut?
He had a really bad series of plays, but damn people are so over-the-top with the reactions.
yes he has been awful this game
Yeah wtf, wasnt expecting that 
And I'd be angry 100% of the time if TNT was covering it.
We got teased bad in the preseason, he's been terrible since the season actually began.
We do it in Canada too, never thought it was that weird. 
Tipoff is usually like 7-8 minutes after it's supposed to start. Always like this my man.
fake news 
fake news
fake news
Blasphemy 

Edit: fake news
Hard to tell, refs keep sticking their fingers in almost every possession.
The ankle is probably a bit sore :(
He's probably tired as hell. He doesn't need to be averaging 34 minutes a game as a rookie
Come home Gerald Green! 
Smart fucking blows this game.  Why would you even try to make that argument now.
Well considering Jaylen can make a shot and Smart chucks up a terrible shot after holding the ball for 5-10 I would have to say Jaylen 
That tech right? Horrible call. Sucks the emotion and competitive drive out of the game
It’s crazy because him cutting the corn rolls helped a lot. But I still scream at the TV when the camera does a close up of his face for more than 5 seconds. 
Hard to throw that out there when they missed what 2 tonight?
You mean a shot at the end of the half with no one open? Are you serious?
Ill text brad and give him your notes.
End of a close game gotta go with the guys that can get it done themselves 
The amount of trolls on this sub is genuinely unbelievable.
Why is there always that 1 pathetic troll in the game threads.
Dont put that evil on him 
fuck you
It's almost like basketball is a game of runs
literally what the fuck are you talking about
This sub is unbearable when someone has an off game
Fuck off
I fucking hate you so much
I will remind you if you end being wrong again
So, how'd the game end? Fake ass fan
Wrong!!!!!!!!
Sadly I am now triggered by Harlan ever since the "Gordon Hayward has broken his leg, Gordon Hayward has broken his leg" incident.
I like overeacting in the game threads. It's my thing :| 
Dw. Let’s the thunder from down under be out there for the hard fouls. 
ehh. Both are hard to hear with Giannis' junk down their throats.
and thats his worst game of the season so far
they showed a picture of him with his fucked up ankle
like he somehow looks like he's 12 and is also balding. and the tough guy persona is just confusing with it all
Reggie spends his time complaining of no grit in the game and then there's a prime example of it and he say absolutely fuck all about it. 

Fuck TNT and Fuck Reggie. 
Tipoff is just about now, so 16 past 8 EST.
marcus smart and poor shot selection :(
"Bad tech" is still a tech and I said that it was a foul in my comment.  What is your point. 
Just frustrated with Smart playing offense like he's in his contract year... OH yeah.
It's thin cut. Think I see where you're going here...
Thanks. I was confused because I saw it before a Celtics game already this year.
he's at least not overcomplicating things - him and jaylen both. Both of them using finger rolls to finish a lot

I mean there's a lot of overlap between the two
Superstars wouldnt be so hard to stop if players werent so scared
I'm not bitching about the refs. I'm bitching about Reggie Miller's blatant bias. 
Now I definitely want a reuben! Can never go wrong with it anyway
My bad bit testy. 
1) You just made this post to brag that Sam Jones is your uncle, didn't you?

2) Jerry West doesn't even want to be the logo anymore, so that's a bad argument. 
Needed him bad
Those were like late first/lotto picks. 
He needs this because the Jazz REFUSE to play Jerebko. If you're listening, Quin Snyder, this is cruel and unusual punishment, and the /u/fongos abuse MUST stop
They are MEAN to me over there too! And they wonder why they lost against the fucking sun team!
And much throughout last season before the horrible injury.
Theis is going to earn himself 25+ minutes per game going forward.
Giannis plays bad tonight
Too bad he's a shitty defender and has no offensive skillset outside of putbacks/garbage points. Pass. Pass a million times.
He hasn’t improved his skill set since his rookie year, and his defense got significantly worse because he didn’t stay in shape/doesn’t care. 
His defense sucks too, just not worth it
Kyrie was bad defensively too
Hate to the be the one to point it out, but it's an incredibly small sample size and it obviously won't stay this way...

...

...

...

...because JayWatch/Kid N Play/etc. will finish 1-2, with the Theis obviously being 3rd.
AD just a poor man’s Jayson Tatum
Crazy seeing our rookie next to Klay and AD
Crazy seeing those two scrubs next to our lord and savior Jayson
Kyrie Irving being a moron again? Colour me shocked...
Starburys were clutch back in the day, couldn't go wrong with $15 basketball shoes
This is going to be a fun game to watch with that insane floor. I can't wait.
What a stupid comment 
Court is ugly as hell.
I couldn't decide if I wanted to watch the Celtics or Ravens game tonight ( I'm a Ravens fan ) and I think that court just made up my mind for me.
How dare you toss scary terry to the wolves like that
Why is that? What is wrong with the bucks arena?
seriously man, don't like this at all.  there's no reason to do this besides "it would be neat".  it's stupid
swear to god if someone gets injured (on either team) i will be so mad
Scary Terry
That nickname couldn’t possibly be worse 
Hate it, don't force the nickname
Wtf does this mean?
I read this in Kevin Harlan's voice and I won't apologize for it. Maybe with that weird Ohhhhhhhh he does before it.
/s, sorry 
I agree, but I need Semi out there because one day he's going to murder a person in cold blood with a dunk...that frame could go through anyone
I forgot the crazy hops that dude that
As a tarheels fan born and raised why must i be forced to like tatum and kyrie? Fuck it i bleed green though. Hated them both at duke and love them both now
Not sure with doncic putting up 30 point games
With 8 fucking guys who weren't in the league last year
And only 4 fucking guys from last year’s *number one seed in the fucking conference*
Man, don't issue an impossible dare!
my bad.
ROTY doesn't mean anything. Championships and all-stars are what matters 
Bamba has freakishly long arms its crazy 
Thing with Ayton though is he is really soft and has a horrible work ethic
Imagine a Kyrie, Jaylen, Doncic, Hayward, Tatum small ball lineup
We as NBA/Celtics fans might not, but respected writers who have been following his growth have universally had concerns about Ayton’s approach to the game. Ayton will get his shot to prove these concerns are wrong, but it would absolutely be wrong to assume he would make a complete 180 once he reaches the NBA.
Hope that Giannis misses the bus/falls asleep and misses the game
Holy shit that’s insane 
He did still post a (somewhat inflated by late 3's) 28/10/7 so I would say I was correct and you cannot stop him.
I hope not, dunk content is dumb as shit these days. 
Hope not, I would rather him work on the things that don't come naturally to him, than waste time coming up with dumb dunks that won't help him in game.

Maybe not if he's already in town for the Sophomore/rookie game and ^possibly ^playing ^in ^the ^All-Star ^game, ^let ^me ^dream!!
I mean my man just scored 40
Not sure, but it seems like Jaylen would have went 7/8th at the earliest. 
Hes scoring 20 ppg but he doesnt seem like a force its like a weird dynamic
He's wrong
Nah fuck CP3. It's between Curry and Westbrook 
And then his shooting was atrocious in game 7 and they lost...
I'm amazed at how fast these two have restored my excitement for the season after a truly brutal beginning.  I look forward to the next game as soon as the last one's over.
Sucks for Hayward. Sucked for Bledsoe. 
Dude absolutely terrible comparisons. Bledsoe played the same position as Brady, and he severely underachieved compared to his contract, in a completely different sport. Hayward is just entering his prime, and can play alongside Tatum and Brown. Him playing or not playing doesn't affect the development of Tatum and Brown. And we need him, because if we wanna beat the Warriors, we're gonna be facing 4 All-Stars, with 2 MVPs. We need 5 All-Stars if we want a chance.
For those that have a tough time reading the tweet:

Jayson Tatum play type % per (link: http://nba.com) nba.com

Spot up: 30.5%

Transition: 20.3%

ISO: 10.2%

Post up: 3.4%

\#bradstevens
Counter argument: Of rookies averaging 30+ minutes, Tatum is performing the worst 

Counter counter argument: Our team is asking the least of him of any if those rookies

Just getting the trolls out of the way
The league would be so vastly different it’s impossible to know how things play out 
Why the fuck are you talking about KD in Boston?

OP didn't say that at all.
Yup I read it wrong as a mistake, corrected my post which you then posted after seeing my correction and still for some reason couldn’t comprehend that I wrote that Kyrie would likely be a Celtic if KD went elsewhere. 
Just another reason this team should hate Bron
Twisted sicker than mad cattle, in fact I’m off six different liquors with a Prince wig plastered on.
The jittery hen sandwich at Thinking Cup is the fucking bomb. I've only been to the one downtown though and not the North End location. 
Yay another one of these stupid threads!
It makes me sick that brad allows Marcus to take threes at will. 
I feel like he allows it hoping that he'll eventually improve. Apparently Marcus is the worst high volume shooter in celtics history though :/ so not a good sign ahah
I mean we're making comparisons to Paul...
Some of these takes by people are absolutely terrible. 
He probably still feels bad about Hayward's injury. 
Once again, we're talking about a World's Champion, Olympic Champion, NBA Champion and 3 time finalist. Yeah he's 25 but at this point he won't give a crap about playing during the regular season.

The Switch flips in the playoffs. Stop worrying
WTF he scored 20 last night....how is that a funk?
I feel bad, he's gonna be with us for his entire career. Hope you can survive that.
This new jersey is itchy.

WHERE ARE MY FUCKING SCISSORS 
What the fuck is their medical staff doing, btw? So stupid. Kid Gunna get the yips and ruin his career
Nigga shut the fuck up. He pitched well in game four. Fucking kill yourself 😘
SLOW DOWN!
but game 1
This sub is obsessed with Fultz.
I'm so sick of people mis-using the word "literally." For Pete's sake, when are you going to learn tha... 

... oh wait... what? You're saying he actually can't physically shoot a basketball properly??

... my bad <giggle>
There's already a #SaltJay t-shirt... [#SaltJay T-Shirt](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B076V5YKQG?th=1)... seriously... they'll put anything on shirts these days.
Fuck lonzo
Not a good scorer and not a good defender. 
Personally I wouldve hated to have the Lavar Ball circus around the Cs all the time. Besides what he says will probably be pinned up in the Cs locker room as motivation to stomp on the Lakers this year. 
Hell no, I was wishing he would drop to 4th or 5th so his life would turn miserable, but I feel this way about Fox since at first I wanted Danny to draft him and use the Nets pick to bring a center. 
Yeah, I feel you, it sucks. Hopefully Tatum and Brown grow quicker from all these minutes.
But I agree part of me feels dead not seeing Hayward out there I was so hyped for him! 
It just hurts me that it still has to be written about in every post game report. Hopefully in a month everyone will be over it
Anyone remember when /u/3ITKH said rozier was one of the worst players in the NBA to get minutes.
You would think Gordon would be worse on D all things considered.... 
People forget, /u/3itkh was a "Danny Dunn fucked up" guy after drafting Jaylen

https://imgur.com/a/cZEez
I agree with you that it's counter intuitive but if you look up the numbers they match what they would be if he was behind Nader on the graph.

Jaylen Brown TPA: https://imgur.com/a/OjGg2
Secret Agents 007 about to murder this season!
I think he also feels guilty for throwing the pass up that hurt him 
At the very he least he definitely felt that way right after it happened...you could see it when he was crying in the huddle =(
you have to be the worst supporters ever to compare your franchise player to a rookie and a sophomore, and as I said Kyrie did play post season and then went for promotion tour, so he couldnt have the same prepa than Brown and Tatum, but you still judging after 4 games ... braindead

Bruh you’re making a fool of yourself. Nobody’s serious you brain dead ass
The fuck is the context of this?
I believe Pop started the game with an immediate Hack-a-Shaq. I'm not sure if it was referencing something else but Shaq was confused and then realized it was a joke
You mean 36%? Jaylen is not Jayson.
Not sure if you've been watching the Celtics in the past 4 years, but Lord President, Commander in Chief, Brad Stevens doesn't run an isolation type offense. 
The NBA should be afraid of the big bad Jayson Tatum
I said something similar outloud at both that crazy steal and the block, both of which he put down for two!
Poor Zingis...it was painful watching him in those defensive highlights
I'm still sad about losing Hayward. Seeing the kids step up and play like this helps out.
UPDATE: [Rozier's highlights!](https://youtu.be/fwXyEnk3hT4)
All I can say is league fucked 
Seemed like he was having a hard time like grabbing the ball. He was bobbling a lot of the rebounds.
In a normal year I would say so. But this rookie class is borderline insane
Defense / rebounding was bad last year and shitty teams could keep up
Ya, what does putting up 45 in a normal season game matter if you're definitely going to the playoffs(barring some crazy disaster).
The amount of love Marcus gets when he has 3 years of being a terrible player on offense boggles the mind at time. Does he hit big shots sometimes, has he also been the reason we've lost games at points because of his offense yes. If he has another year of being a terrible player on offense and shooting worse than 40 percent I want no part of an extension with him unless it's like 12 million a year. Great player on defense.  One of the worst players on offense in the league. 
What about all the other games he shot us out of with his terrible shot selection and inability to make a layup?  (32% fg from within 3 feet of the hoop in the playoffs)
bad bot
Nothing lives forever man...  wtf Hanley??!
Me either man. Definitely annoying. But then again every team has those types of fans 
18-3 in games with 16+ Game Score

https://imgur.com/a/dK2YX
Philly sucks Balls. They ruined there team with the Fultz pick.  Fultz will end up being traded for a shooter.
 
I hate this Simmons “rookie” nonsense, if not for that ROY would be in the bag
2019 Kings late lotto pick for Fultz, who says no?
Yeah he's 27.  Not to be confused with the mike James that played for Boston a decade ago. 
Waiting on a breakout game
that one dime to horford cutting behind porzingo was sick
When IT was here, did Brad ever get on him for taking bad shots?  I mean 35% usage rate seems like he gave IT free reign, though he was performing at an MVP caliber level.  But there had to have been some stinkers here and there.
Irving(30), Brown(30), Tatum(30), Morris(25), Horford(30)

Smart(30), Terry(15), Theis(15), Baynes(20), random rook(15)
The hell is wrong with this thread? The hate is real...
Terrible minutes delegation. Scary Terry is better than Marcus.
Neither Marcus should be playing less than 20 minutes so not sure what you were talking about there
Also played two significantly worse teams and had a chance to regroup after the injury but ya know that doesn't help your narrative
If Hayward is truly going to be back to allstar level next year, we are going to be fucking nasty. 
I don't see danny trading down again like that. At 2 or 3 you got to pick what you want. If ayton is your guy you take him. Hard to trade down from Bagley for bamba
Trouble 07 has been thrown around a LOT, but I like it!
there was a T shirt that serious trouble 07. I like that
no, nicknames should come naturally not some dumb forced name
JayJay the Jet Plane

Oh Jays

Co-MVPs

Long n Strong

These are all terrible
Raining Jays. Theme song to be adapted from *It's Raining Men* by the Weather Girls. Seriously, check out the song at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5aZJBLAu1E

I'm afraid David Stern and Adam Silver have dibs 
Fucking max player 
now that hes even less of a factor on offense, let him unleash all other facets of his game
I wonder if his elite footwork on the offensive side of the game has helped him in this regard.
What a fucking tool. 
What a fucking asshole, hope he didn't get a second date

This is what happens when some random guy gets his 10 seconds of fame
FUCK LEBRON
The game after Jaylen drops 40 because everyone will be smothering him
Wasn't it Cowens, Bird, Truth, then Tatum with Walker in 5th? Maybe I misunderstood what was said in game. 
Dunks on the Freaks face! And says take that u sick Freak!!!
A forty point game before xmas 
TaTuM's GaMe WoN't TrAnSlAtE To ThE NbA
Scary Terry with a +24. Damn
This game was like a wet dream. Jaylen and Jayson bout to take over.
We may never lose another game. 
110% convinced that if Danny was unable to move the pick he still would’ve taken Tatum at 1#. 76ers got fleeced 
I sat and thought about how good Brown and Tatum are going to be once they're 23 and have a couple years of NBA experience under their belt. Holy crap they're going to be insane.
Does anyone have a replay link? I'm out of the country so my NBC Sports Boston won't work, didn't get to see the game.
I’m hard
ITS NOT EVEN PIPPEN AND JORDAN ITS FUCKING JORDAN AND JORDAN 
Yea Tatum's offensive talent is ridiculous. His ability to score at the NBA level is nuts
In fultz's deffense he has a bad shoulder and is seeing a specialist
I think you mean #Tito3Sticks
Jaylen, Jayson and Gordon.  Sickest group of wings on one team.  Damn that injury.  At least we have preseason highlights
Being bad
FULTZ FAKE NUMBER ONE PICK
Olynyk isn't a bad defender.
Can you do this before every game now?
They played it during one of the breaks this game
SAD
"FUCKING"

Because he's our dad
No i mean hes bad

At being bad
Just think about what some of the greats like Kobe were doing as a rookie, and then look at what Tatum is doing as a rookie. He's going to be freaking ridiculous in like 5 years.
Fuck that unibrow creature I'm keeping Jaylen and Tatum
That was so effortless. That's ridiculous
Mine have been off ever since we drafted Jaylen #dayonebeliever. Seriously all I needed to see was a side by side of him vs Paul Pierce in college hahahah
Guys I think all this talk of Jaylen Brown being the GOAT may be coming a little too soon...

I mean, have you seen Jayson Tatum play?
You say that now but losing fucking sucks
I'll tell you what I am at this point, is sick of these clickbait post titles...
Agree, losing breeds stupidity and selfishness see Philly with embid jacking up loads of 3s and missing hum what process
Any time anyone falls slightly weird I think they broke their leg. The Hayward injury changed me.
It's dangerous to have to use the restroom when Jaylen is in the game.
Jaylen Brown is the real fucking deal 
If this was a close game, I'd be raging so hard at Kanter's rebounding rn
Oh my fucking goddddddd
Jaylen goin fucking off on his birthday
Who the fuck is fultz 
HIGHLIGHTS FOR DAYS WTF IS GOING ON
If we get the lakers pick the league is fucked.
Three 20-point scorers and our PF would have had a triple-double if we weren't up by 20+

But it is the Knicks... fuck it tho
Jaylen with 3 points in the half hurts me... can’t be mad though
MERCILESS TATUM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[Paging /u/fongos](https://streamable.com/hn6nv) 

At least he's getting playing time. 
#TATUM HAS 22 FUCKING POINTS
Jaylen how much to fuck my bitch?
Damn use Celtics fans are scared for life. Anytime someone stays on the group for 2sec we automatically think the worst now. This life is hard 
#TATUM BROWN 2018

"LIKE YOU CAN'T DO WORSE?"
the weird thing is that when we ball out like this, I feel sad knowing we'd be EVEN BETTER if we had Hayward :( 
Tatum's 1st half stat line: 12 points/3 rebounds/2 assists/2 steals/2 blocks!

The man does it all!!!!

Porzingis looks exhausted out there
i guess i can't blame KP for flops like that while he's fucking stranded on the knicks
I realize I'm way behind but GODDAM THOSE TATUM AND BROWN DUNKS WERE SEXXXXY
Porzingis has looked awful 
Possessing a Tatum should be illegal in the other 49 States
/u/fongos WHERE ARE YOU, YOU'RE MISSING IT!!!
this halftime game is where danny scouted for IT
Michael Jordan is sick 
Tatum is so fucking polished
Jayson Tatum is going to be a fucking problem
That’s a bad bad man right there
jaylen ain't fucking around
Horford needs to be on the dpoy radar. I'm serious
Kanter has 15 rebounds in one half. What the fuck
Feel like we haven't seen Brad at all during this game.
Random fact: Aaron Gordon has 36 points in 28 minutes against the Nets
Could be wrong but I feel like part of the reason why Kyrie doesn't look as explosive is just because he's been getting blitzed all the time 
OMG the Knicks haven't hit a 3 pointer this game holy shit
That's a god damn hard foul by Mcdermott that dickhead.
10:15am here in Sydney. Just had a root canal done and work sent me home afterwards 'cause my mouth is droopy. Heading home now to watch the game! YEAH!
Got a dumb grin on my face
TAKE OVER THE GAME KYRIE. DANGEROUS PLAY BY JACK
Need my Celtic green bias lighting!!!!


https://i.imgur.com/BwKSYru.jpg
The knicks are bad
Bby no :(
Damn those Scary Terry handles 
That halftime interview tho! Jaylen is a stone cold killer, man.
Al's BBIQ is ridiculous
Scary Terry with +20!

Lift a cheerleader up and you get paid to go to every Celtics home game. I need a change of career. 
19 year old GOATs are dangerous.
Holy fuck Jaylen 
GIMME DAT SHIT!
JAYLEN DID HIM NASTY
I still want Porzingis in green so bad 
My roommate suggested we flip between game 1 of the World Series and this game. I told him the Celtics could score 10 points between pitches. 
JAYLEN GOT 15 WTF
Cleveland is fucked. It's our time now!
My mother fucking man Jay Tatum tho
My mother fucking man Jay Tatum tho
Mah boi Scary Terry leading the team in +/-


Baynes to the locker room :(
SCARY TERRY
Brown and tatum barely been involved this half :(
Anyone but fucking fan #1
There's the tough Kyrie shot we expect him to make.
Tatum's game is so polished it's ridiculous
Fucking tatum
Tatum ruthless 
HOLY FUCK
GET THE FUCK OUT.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ^40 ^^point ^^^game

Jaylen's arrived.

Thought the Knicks game would be boring but saw jaylens box score so now I'm here. Man I love this guy
Just got a chance to tune in. So Jaylen snapped out of that cold streak, eh?
we're fucked, the Knicks now have Dougie McBuckets
I can't take Ron Baker seriously. Just look at him.
Tatum and Brown are gonna be nasty. In some ways I wish 00 wasn’t retired so they could have 007 as a nickname
The andersons got tickets to the game?
I WANTED TO SEE THE FULL AD YOU FUCKING IDIOTS O0IZDFGOKIJFSDGOIJ FUCKING NBATV
Zingis has looked like crap.
What a weird roll
HES A FUCKING SHOOTER

ROUGH game for Porzingis
I feel like once Kyrie goes off one game, the train will never stop 
Kanter about to get that 20/20 game damn
Kanter is annoying af
Shane "Game Over" Larkin
SCARY TERRY WITH THE SPIN MOVE
Did Baker just fucking yawn?!?
Gordon :(
Would it be wrong to boo those kids 
Come on start the game man I can't take it anymore.
HOLY FUCK TATUM
That was nasty boy! I LOVE IT
HOLY FUCK TATUM!!!!!!!!
Either Porzingis is a flopper or he's weak as shit.
Btw the Bulls are up on the Cavs. Cleveland has no playmaker but the Bulls are actually ... not that bad.

This ball movement is sick
He went up WTF
This might be my favourite game 
Jaylen, I apologize for calling for #3/Crowder for Jah 1 year ago. I'm very sorry
tough stretch for larkin
Seriously. Though.

Where is Brown
Jaylen has improved defensively, but he still needs to suppress his tendency to jump on every pump fake 
TOUGH
SHOT
MAKER
Ah man fuck this Porzingis bitch
Kyrie, that was fucking awful. You gave them a baseline out of bounds instead of sideline. I mean, we're crushing them so it's whatever. But c'mon. Be smarter than that.
I miss Tommy shouting

DA LITTLE GUY!!! 

:(
I missed last game, but from what I've heard let's hope the refs aren't as bad as they were! Jaylen and Kyrie about to combine for 65
I will be moderately disappointed if the Celtics fail to pick up this dub on Jaylen's birthday.
PICTURES OF STEEL BEING FORGED ON THE GOATS BIRTHDAY LETS FUCKING GO

Creampuff game.  Should dominate them.  
Fuck I already regret not going to this game :(
That shot was ill advised. But I like the aggression
what does brad mean when he says "thumb down"
Kyrie is ridiculous
guys if we can do this to the Knicks without Morris, Smart, or Hayward, we're gonna be real scary eventually 
Jaylen is gunna get some insane birthday bangin tonight after he drops 40
These guys coulda put up 70 if a few of those silly Kyrie or Rozzay shots had dropped.  This team is so legit.
I'm cheering as hard as I can Jayson!!
hot take: porzingis is bad tonight
Refs allow NY to throw a lot of flagrant-like fouls out there lately :| 
Kanter playing real mad about that trade 
I mean I heard the slap on Theis on the fucking stream, how is that not and1?
I had no idea the Knicks sucked this bad 
Kyrie!

I mean TATUM
Knicks are bad, but we SHOULD be killing them


As such, I'm not tempering my excitement
Dirty as shit.
I want to see at least one poster from Semi this season. 
Porzingis has just been terrible tonight hahaha
Serious: would you rather have Baynes of Porzingas? 
Knicks fans booed the Porzingis pick when it happened fuck them 
the fuck does Tommy mean "a woman writer"???
I know we don't like saying it but the entire NBC SN broadcast has been really bad this year, from Gorman/Heinsohn's commentary to the general production quality of the broadcast. 
Against the worst team we've played.
Flow of the game has been niiice
40 point game*
Saving these for tonight, like really late at night ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
In their primes, they’re gonna average a combine 50 pts per game
Fuck Abraham Lincoln he isn't even 6'7". 
I'm sorry did you mean 210 points on his 21st birthday?
or fuck somebody up
Has it? I'm still getting the Nets game...
I imagine it would be difficult if your facilitating the offense the majority of the game and then attempt a difficult layup, his comfortability will come with time which would result in a better kyrie 
League fucked.
League is fucked
If they compete with each other the league is in serious trouble 
Very Scary indeed
Every time :(
I just close my eyes anytime someone falls. I don’t need that evil in my life 
Spurs game is what he said he's expecting.
The key thing is he hit on the picks he should. The late teens picks are so random. 
Gruesome twosome
Slow your roll
still does. Fuck ben simmons.
I mean, I've always found your hair extremely luscious. It's like a sea of silk and velvet.
WTF?  Is that even something anyone has even considered?
Or, uh, Hayward :(
Just plays hard
Might be the worst game of his career
AD + Giannis + KAT and even then I'm not sure that gets it done 
Let's not get ahead of ourselves, Kyrie still struggling abit but I think he will have a breakout game soon
I miss the redhead from Needham. :(
That's vulgar and mean spiruted. Wheres your spirut?
I mean he is all of Australia after all
Kelly won us game 7 though.
But like...i would want him on our team...until then, fuck him
We've been playing really hard defensively, no surprise there.
Come on Brad, you can't sub in MJ and Wilt at the same time. That's too unfair.
They are going to see that tanking is bad for them, and they don’t know how to use him. They are going to ship him, and I pray we pick him up. 
It's a 17 point game, not 30
Studying abroad in England.... why is everything so late
You will prob have to get rid of one of them sadly :(
I would drive up 93 through 7 AM rush hour knowing there was a 5 car crash waiting for me at the Logan airport exit to have Abby wink at me from 500 ft in poor lighting
And then there's a random Turkish guy over there
He was so annoying, the dude you don't expect anything from and he still drops 30 on you. And then you realize it's not even 4th quarter yet and whatever you do is not slowing him down
He’s just having a bad game
Its hard get by all of Australia 
fuck man this sounds like he died
Holy shit go away kid you are absolutely pathetic. 
That's a very weird way of spelling Luka Doncic
I mean he did try to posterize LeBron... 
I think the thing is he always had Lebron who had crazy "gravity" as they call it. Hayward was supposed to be that guy, to pull guys away from Kyrie and give him room to work. Kyrie is adapting, I guess.
JK I"M DUMB GO TATUM
That's not only terrible, but not Shaq approved. 
At first it was annoying, then it was funny, then I didn't care, now it's just kinda sad and pathetic. 
I don't he can't play defense at all. Is useless in the playoffs. 
Playing bad teams right at the beginning is sometimes tedious because the bad teams haven't figured out, yet, that they are in fact a bad team and play with big confidence. 
He’s just being used wrong, give him to us. 
Shiyt, mah bad
Jaylen gotta get 71 so he beats Bookers score at TD Garden aswell, fuck the suns
yep I was wrong, NBA.com had him at 22 mins, 17 points but it's delayed. my bad!
I think 2 per game on average.
Can't tell if I feel this is a bad bot or not...
Such an annoying troll. Honestly so done seeing your stupid posts. 
I think he's one of the last players in the league who literally won games alone, especially on those terrible GSW and Nets teams
Because that's how he remembered it probably. I doubt there was any ill will based on her gender 
Yeah I don't think it was meant in a bad way it just didn't have any effect on the story itself. He wouldn't have said "a male writer" if it was about some dude.
If we're looking to intimidate, I feel like *Scary* Terry is a must
How is this guy getting a cut right next to the kitchen and on the dining table? Disgusting. You could see food on the table as well,nasty.

Fuck KD though
yea but fuck kd
:/
Fuck /r/NBA?
dude it ain't like he's getting a fro buzzed off. just getting touchups on his hairline and beard before he's on TV in front of millions of people. Probably gets a small touch up before every other game or something. 
Holy fuck
Fuck /r/NBA
Still fucked
Y'all are fucked. Doesn't mean you deliberately make it worse.
Plus cutting small black hair is problematic since they get in between places that are hard to reach. 
Zizic is complete garbage. Crowder is the Kenny stills of basketball.

I really don't like the cavs, and hope your season is a miserable one 
i'm sorry this is /r/bostonceltics.  if you're looking to talk about crowder, /r/bitchmade is probably  for you.
He broke Hayward's ankle and can fuck himself
:(
I hope so, but I'm not sure how it would look. It's made in Google Docs.
The only way to become supreme overlord is to overthrow the current supreme overlord in a bloody coup. 
Yep! It’s depressing being a Skins fan though with a lot of hope mixed in. At least our Celtics deliver 😂
Yeah man, the Skins and Cousins are so frustrating. 
i think DA waits for bad teams to buy out bad contracts.....Lakers - Luol Deng , Suns - Jared Dudley.....those would be 2 nice SF picksup....don't need alot of minutes, but can help in am emergency. 
Can you explain why Noel wouldn't retain bird rights but the others would?

Is it because a player that signs a RFA QO and gets traded he loses bird status?
It's a home game tho, in Boston Baby!!! And Hell yeah 30 Kyrie, and 21 from brown would be just what we ALL nned
But the points really fucking matter
Boston media sucks it's a joke. I was going out to lunch on Saturday and put it on for about 2 minutes and they were saying how we will be lucky to even be a playoff team this year. I had to turn it off because how stupid that was. 
Felger and Mazz called him a classless toolbag yesterday. I couldn't care less about what any of these old fucks have to say about anything Boston sports related. 98.5 is horrible.
ftfy
> What's up with all the (insert random player's name) hate from sports radio

It's their job to complain, it's our fault we keep listening
Because its sports radio... there is nothing I would rather do less than regularly listen to those idiots no matter what the topic
Felger is a jackass. Half of the hacks on sports radio aren't even real Celtics fans. Hate those dudes. 
"will you fuck me up, isaiah?"
Dw bro you can say fuck on the internet I won’t tell anyone
Just sickening. Dudes a tool. 
Please get at least 21 points today
Does anyone know what the explanation is behind his twitter handle?
Hopefully Kyrie drops at least 30, and throws a birthday alley oop to Jaylen.
Got to be careful of Mindaugas Kuzminskas... he is the Knicks' Jerebko... he is going to fuck us up tbh
Not trying to watch any birthday alley oops after what happened to Gordon. Are you crazy?!
No more ooos all year bro
he ooped to Tatum that very game
if by yabu u mean Semi then I agree
Well, my wife just gave birth to our first son on the GOAT’s birthday. Too bad we already named him by the time I saw this post. 
He wouldn't drink tonight, he has a game to play tomorrow.

Get on his level.
Jaylen can drink which mean Jayson about to get irresponsibly tipsyyy
Yeah, Stan don't know how to use him :/ 
I would not make that call based on just a 4 game sample size.
I don't want to look at that face every game
He's only limited by his handle, my God it's awful.
AHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
DUDE GET OFF OUR SUB, SO MUCH IDIOTIC BEHAVIOUR. SO MUCH SPASTIC NONSENSE. 
Yet he keeps jacking up shots he shouldn't be taking. That's poor basketball IQ and it severely hurts our offense 
Worked multiple times against Korver and Smith against the Cavs in the first game of the season. Neither of those guys are small bad defensive guards
Morrow has been really bad.
We have the 6th worst record in the league.  Tied with Golden State and OKC.  All of us should tank.
I guess. The heat are starting Mickey instead of white side and the Knicks are terrible. 

We’ll see next week what we got against the Spurs and Thunder. 
Btw fultz looks horrible
But number 1 is hard to watch. I didn't even notice the dunk I was watching Gordon :(
Jaylen scored when Hayward went down and I didn't even show this play in Brown's highlights from Cavs game. I had the same sad feeling when making this video and seeing healthy Hayward there : (
Um, I mean, he did move here to play basketball and it’s not like he needed to try to save on packing costs or anything.
Jaylen trying hard to get that Lil B blessing
RESPECT LIL B

THE BASEDGOD BLESSED US

JUST BECAUSE SOMETHING BAD HAPPENED TO US DON'T MEAN LIL B AINT HAVE SOMETHING READY FOR US IN THE FUTURE.

STAY BASED MY FELLOW CELTIC BROTHERS AND SISTERS
fake news photoshop 
Though it sucks he is still not playing for us, its not like Morris has been in a black hole all this time. He should have started the adjustments to our system already. 
I mean not really. They said goodbye. I miss them, but of all the options them saying hello seems incorrect. 
Way to sink me further into my depression. The Jazz have givrn Jonas a total of 0 minutes. Absolutely disgusting.
Yea I’m crying fuck off
Does he not own a a basketball. That's actually shocking
Gordon gunna get that AI crossover  league fucked
That would be fucking INSANE
People dont take their basketball to surgery? That sounds weird. 
I've got horrible hand writing...im not sure if this makes it easier or harder... 
Don't need another ball handler taking minutes away from Scary Terry III.
crazy to me that this is downvoted, but I’m a no
Shit my bad 
Seriously I love the Celtics but we say some very very stupid things sometimes.
Hahahah I couldn't tell if you were serious or if you were on the stern conspiracy theory train. I'm with you
wtf happened to this dudes knee
Not even on a 15 minute restriction or somethin? Fuck 
Fuck
Now I want chicken teriyaki 
You're an idiot.

You said you want to start Kyrie Rozier Jaylen Morris Horford. Instead, you could do Kyrie Jaylen Tatum Morris Horford. In case you can't figure out the difference, one lineup has Rozier and the other has Tatum, but that doesn't mean they're playing the same position.
No, you got confused. You don't understand positional versatility at all so you thought if Tatum was in the lineup instead of Rozier then that must mean Tatum is playing Rozier's position.

Because you're an idiot. As has been proven many times over in this thread by multiple people shitting on you.
no more combo guard
Looks like he's played 69, 78 and 77 games the past 3 seasons
At least it's not the NBA website...
Very sad but didn't he die three days ago? RIP.
Fuck cancer
Just found it strange since it was posted here a while ago. Not sure why the Celtics were 3 days late. No need to look for ill intentions.
I've been doing a lot to increase my confidence lately. I'm going to take up kickboxing and i've been going to the gym. Things finally looking up for me, i can't wait for October to end and get this dreadful month over with. 
Are you guilty?
This is insane. There needs to be a physical copy of this.
man thats crazy
Who the fuck cares? Let's not give him the platform.
Shut your fucking mouth. Do not trade the bear. 
Thanks for that Info! Too bad I thought I had something. 
I can’t forget the commentato’s words: “
“Hayward has broken his leg!”
“Hayward has broken his leg!”
Just terrible...
Lowkey my left leg has been hurting since that day :(
Yeah that was the worst injury I've seen, and it hurts so much worse cause it was one of our guys.  There's a black cloud over the season and there's no shaking that.  But, this gives time to the young kids and I'm looking forward to the development.
For me, everyime I see him the past week I Have seen in my head him in the hospital bed talking to the Celtic fans 
My Hayward jersey comes today :(
Yeahhh, Kevin Harlan's words have been playing in my head :(((((
It was just so surreal, since they didn't cut to Gordon for like 10 seconds after that, and I didn't see anything happen on the play.

I like... didn't process what he was saying until they cut to him on the ground.

Fucking awful.
It's brutal playing through MyLeague and seeing how well he's doing
My heart also :'(
Hey man, don't get it twisted.
I think if you just focus on how awful Reggie is at his job it will help keep your mind from straying back to that terrible night.
Me too, game 4 of the season. Yabusele stepped the fuck up though, so there's that.
My boss changed his phone wallpaper to a zoomed in pic of gordy's ankle, and shows it to me all the time. Not happy about that 
Hahah - it'll get you as a sports fan sometimes. I'm still having trouble playing with Hayward in 2K. A little weird 
That's so fucked
I fucking *love* Reggie the basketball player! Dude was fucking ruthless in his day. I never thought I could hate Reggie the commentator as much as I do.
what the fuck man
dafuq is wrong with you
They are a bad team 
Don't forget that they only beat the Suns by 2 points.  The Suns might average a -30 point differential by the end of the season, that's how bad they are. 
my bad, Marcus Smart
I think it's not really a fitting job for an ex-president
I agree and feel like it's both a blessing and a curse tho. You can tell this is not Kyrie's game. I can't deny him his commitment to it tho. Hope it works out. 
The Nets did just lose Jeremy Lin... that is bad for them, real bad. They could still have the worst record in the league. 
Serious:

When does it fall on Luke Walton’s shoulders?
Check back at Christmas, then make the exaggerated claims.
As much as I want to agree I never want to let myself get too excited about trades and young players, or get too down on them. 

These kinds of comments have a tendency to pop up and be used in a few years to show how big idiots some people were. I’m thinking of r/nba comments about how terrible the Celtics were going to be at the start of last season, or even how bad the Celtics screwed up by giving away Pierce and Garnett for nothing. 
Fultz looks like he’s miserable. He knows he missed landing on the C’s
Double-ply is tougher, Single-ply is a crap shoot.
I also believe in Fultz's talent. But I feel bad for the kid, he is gonna have a hard time as the ball is always in Simons' hand. 
I'm shocked he hasn't been stolen by another team
There are worse teams
Hello 2023. Fuck the Lakers. 
That doesn't mean it made sense 
Fuck the Lakers and Lonzo Ball
Don't you mean King Kuzma/s
Yes they are. Sun's are far and away the worst. Lakers, knicks, Hawks, and maybe the pacers round that out. I think the nets will surprise to the upside and the sixers will be disappointing 
Someone's not good at picking up on satire
Thays just inaccurate. Ball shot a shit load of shots to get there against unequivocally the worst team and defense in the NBA. Other than that game he has been a net negative across the Board.
It was against the fucking suns. Until he manages to drop 30 on teams with legit back court, he's still a bust.

Just today's game, when they subbed Clarkson for Ball in the last minutes of the game, Lakers choked and lost their lead and the game.
Pull up the box score from their game against the Pelicans and sort by players +/-
Unless you are satirizing people that make extremely lame puns I didn’t miss anything. 
The fuck has Hayward done for you guys except break his leg?
All I am saying is it is hard to get a real sense of what a team will be like for the next 80 games based off a small sample size. i do agree the Lakers look like the dumpster fire that I want them to be but I also think there are a number of teams in the league that are absolutely terrible. The Suns and Bulls off the top of my head appear to be brazenly tanking. I think the Lakers are a bad team and there defense is quite atrocious but dont underestimate how bad a lot of teams will be this year especially being the last year before the lottery reforms. 
Yeah, my heart just couldn't handle it :(
What the fuck does that mean Jaylen Brown?

Edit: thank you everyone for mansplaining the piano
Sad!
FUCK MODAL, TONAL ALL THE WAY BABY
Or just practice because it's not like playing in different keys is especially difficult. 
Horford's off his contract in 2020. Any move with him now involves a worse player or giving up additional assets. Feels like a sideways move
it's hard to move a man when he has three legs
I hate to say this but he's really what I thought we needed Amir to be last year.

Like a homeless mans Steven Adams
Bad bot
Sorry, I was just trying to help (◕‸ ◕✿)
Yeah i think this is the direction Brad'll go as well. Along with a lot of those off-ball, run IT thru 3 screens sets. Sucks for Kyrie though b/c I feel like he was really excited to be the initiator :-(
Theyre offense is extremely well run they wont be horrible
kewl... not sure how this pertains to us
Literally any other location he could possibly have been tweeting from and not wanting to be? Doctor's office, shitty airport, bad date,
lakers were never going to be worse than the suns anyway
How would you match $15M? It's not easy at all
That's worse than any of their other losses. /s
Already looked, would be tough without somehow working in the exception. Borderline impossible without it actually
Kyrie could do this in every away game this season and still keep about 95% of his income.
Appeal that. I think anyone who is or has ever known anyone from Philly knows that fan said very much worse before and after the film, but also tells the story everywhere now. No harm done.
If Irving did this every away game for the rest of the year, he would lose ~10 percent of his income.
Yeah personally I try to draw the line at "BULLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSHIT, BULLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLSHIT" and a maximum of 3 "YOU FUCKING KIDDING MES" per game because I'm a gentleman.
I'm unemployed and 1/10 of 1% of $0 is still $0 so hell the fuck yeah would I do it.
Come on, the players were passing by as they went to their lockers. It’s perfectly justified to want to have it on video. 

But saying dumb shit to their face, yes that’s bad. 
I think him video taping it shows he was baiting Kyrie to give a reaction.  I don't think sports athletes should be fined heavily for what some drunk obnoxious fans spout because they think they can lord over you from the stands.
Rozier's snap is always so fucking LIT
Yeah fans are stupid. Curry led steals in 15-16 whole season and fans still call him defense liability. - Hey not sure why I got downvoted. The point is they are both underrated.
Certainly not great but I wouldn't classify it as shit defense 
No hes not lol
Shit defense, shit posting, shit all around.
Because he lead all point guards in defensive RPM the past two seasons.
It's crazy he could literally be with franchise for 30 years 
Couldn't be happier with Tatum and probably not considering they're no good PF or C in this draft 
Lets not forget about Jonathan Isaac that kid is a stud once he bulks up a lil bit he could be a poor man's kd
If I didn't hate Lavar Ball so much I would take Lonzo, though I don't know how well he could work with Kyrie.
Poor mans KG* Defensive stud. 
It’s gonna be tough with Lonzo getting basically all the shots & touches out in LA
Taytum could be a poor man's giannis look at their frames 
Than Giannis... wtf...
Have you seen the blazers game, he had plenty of jumpers. 
Here he is. And the players respect him. But the media hardly pays attention to him 
You're a fucking idiot, go read our comment chain again. I'm not asking a question, I'm telling you I was comparing Isaac to Giannis.

You said Isaac will be a poor man's Giannis. I responded by saying Isaac will be a better shooter than Giannis.

Fuck you're dumb.
I’m not dumb, I’m on mobile. Sorry, I thought u were comparing all three together. Still, I would take Tatum over issac, and I don’t see how issac will center his game around being a playmaker like Giannis. 
You'd be mad too if talking to some dumbass made you lose 5 IQ points
If you lost five, you’d be in the negative. 
I already explained my situation, I followed the wrong comment thread. If you lost iq points, it’s because the pole up your ass is so long it fucked your head up lil bitch. 
too bad he moved up in the 2013 draft to take olynyk and passed on potential mvp giannis. 
Mods plz ban this moron 
Just letting the league take a breather is all. The 50 point game is coming.
Schroder is a bad defensive point guard with a career assist:turnover worse than 2:1 and a career .33% 3 point percentage. He does literally nothing well. Kelly has chunks of Schroder in his stool.
Dieng is a solid player, Thibs is an idiot for playing Taj over him. 
Philly. FUCK THE PROCESS 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
The Netherlands, staying up late to watch my C's. Bleed green! 
Montevideo, Uruguay. I know at least 5 die hard fans over here. 
Bruges, Belgium. Looking forward to the London game against the Sixers.
Phoenix, AZ. I was at the game last year when IT fumbled the ball and Ulis hit the buzzer beater. Fucking brutal.
Lone Celtics fan in a sea of basketball idiots, Toronto. 
wow. No one here from the People's Republic? This is reddit... that seems impossible
New Yorker from Boston here. Knicks fans are annoying.
Leicester MA...

Wait...I mean Leicestah MA
NYC. Hardly home but always reppin’. 
Maryland represent! Fuck the wizards 
Osnabrück, Germany.
bleed green!
Jaylen GOAT
Nah they probably just feel weird saying what town they're in 
You should try living in my small town in Maine. Bout an hour south of Bangor 
No not really. If I'm in Boston in a Celtics fan. Here in NY though I'm in Bills country. F the Bills. I do hate the heat though.. 
Idk this is a pointless hypothetical anyway
He and Jimmy Butler are tight.  They both expire at the same time.  Can't count anything out with Kyrie he's very promiscuous and impulsive.  If Boston struggles he might consult with Carl Lentz and make another shocking decision.
I slighted God(TB12). I just don't understand how the man can willfully publish and promote bull shit that gullible people will follow. Makes me sick.
hes banned in a couple of teams subs for saying dumb shit so idk
We're rooting against the Lakers and for every other bad team.
Suns legit look like the worst team in the league
Im down but Brooklyn fans hate us so i dont know how they'll take it
Lakers are the 4th worst team in the league. 
Some of the worst defense I have Watched at NBA level 
We would hate them too if the shoe was on the other foot.  I am still going to root for them though
Oops, my bad didnt see take the prior context
yah I get what you mean.  They will be bad.  Most of the rankings I've seen expect them to be something like 9th worst.  
I really can’t imagine that. I think they end up being 4th-6th worst. 
Yes of course we want Jordan Crawford. We need shooting. So bad. Did you guys watch any of those games? 
I mean, you say this, but this is also the sub thats guaranteeing Lakers pick will translate after 3 games, so...
Because he’s not a good basketball player?
In the NBA.  Not a good basketball player. What?
Did you watch last night? He looked really really bad. 
This is 100% fake news. Where are you even getting this from?
In before r/nba bitches about this quote like he said anything out of the ordinary. 
Who the fuck asked him this shitty question?

But a serious reporter could ask that as well.
Seriously?
Context implies that he meant out of the rookies that aren't Tatum, or out of the 2-way players/lesser rookies. 

It's a damn compliment, doesn't mean it is a diss on others. 
yeah im just skeptical jabari bird will ever make an impact
What does that mean? 
Fuck that guy, he should be banned from playing in NBA
...im not sure I see the relation to that gif but I like it
Looks so ugly. Not Celtic green. 
Yep, another thing to hate about the Nike switch. It's just been a disaster so far, in my opinion.
Theis wore a white Nike shirt underneath the green jersey and you could visibly see half the Nike sign stick out of the side, shit was really annoying on TV.
The lakers yellow looks like a highlighter. Its terrible
God I hope so. But man, angry Isaiah scares me.
What the fuck are you on? 
You’re an odd dude, wishing for a kyrie injury. Seriously?
The fans who made parody accounts of me on Celticsblog eventually tired themselves out.  I'm rooting for you.
Tbh I wouldn’t go after AD anymore considering what they’ll be asking for. We’d need to give up picks, horford and at least one of jaylen/jayson 
Too late man. Until he re-signs or gets traded we all know this will remain a talking point.
That last steal of kyrie was insane, simmons almost slided straight to the locker room.

His wrist had been taped up from the Bucks game as well.
Haha, oops, sorry tim! I mean Tom. 
there's nothing wrong with having that opinion. its just how you display that opinion is the key

but this is reddit so any unpopular opinion is just downvoted for the fuck of it regardless 
Kyrie-Jaylen-Tatum-Morris(when he comes back)-Horford or Smart-Kyrie-Brown-Morris(or Baynes it depends onthe game i think)-Horford
The officiating made that one of the hardest games to watch I can remember. Really awful for both teams.
Tatum needs to get at minimum 10 shots a game. No excuses, the kid can play, so let him. Take shots, go to the rim, just do it.

Officiating was horrid, phantom travel calls all over the place, made the game unwatchable. That Brad Stevens started yelling, is a testament to how bad it was. Just wretched. 


**Take Aways from this game:**

* Fultz sucks

* Tatum>Fultz


If Marcus played 30 minutes in this game instead of Rozier and/or Larkin, we would have lost.
That may have been the worst, non-biased officiating I’ve ever seen in an NBA game. The number of travel calls and phantom fouls in either direction was truly something to behold.
Everybody but Fultz. Kid sucks, we dodged a bullet
That's is so fucking wrong I can't handle it. Marcus creates like 5 possessions a game for us by playing
Hes been ill though
He's been sick. He's someone who's fitness we don't have to worry much about I think.
Sixers sub saying the refs “handed us the game.” If there’s one thing I don’t expect from Philly folks, it’s valuable insight to anything.
I hate so much how they are cracking down on the pump and dribble travel call 
That doesn't mean they can just stand there in the corner
Those guys are stupid motherfuckers. 

If there's anyone who 'handed' the Celtics the game, it's The Process, who went 4-16, including 0-6 from 3. Watching Embiid was like watching a slimmer/taller Jared Sullinger have a bad shooting night.
It’s slowing the game down so much, it’s pathetic. 
Tommy is a fucking legend you shut your whore mouth
That was the worst travel call ive ever seen 
You can be a legend and a horrible homer. No sacred cows.
Jeez celtics fans can be so blind. I can't believe your comment got downvotes
Blind check... can you see this 🖕?
That's why Russ got to 10 rebounds a game.
What? Box score says he was 0-1 for the game. 
They hardly ever cover or praise the celtics.  Not once have they given ainge any credit fir the moves hes made
LMFAO WE DUNN FUCKED UP!!!!!
I think Jaylen, for me at least, is taking up the mantle and rekindling the hype and hope I had for what Jeff Green was supposed to be for us.
Once Gordo is back next year, and all our young guys have another year of experience under their belt, this team should be nasty.
If Marcus’ return relegates Terry to spot minutes again, rather than 6th man, I’m going to lose my fucking mind. 
Wouldn’t call it miraculous at this point. Lakers look awful. Would surprise me if they are the 4th/5th worst team in the league. I think we have a 30-40% chance of it translating.
it was one game and everyone was celebrating how bad ingram was.   Dude has 17 at halftime tonight. 
Against quite possibly the worst team in the league
Not only is Phoenix horrible, but they might be like legitimately the worst defensive team ever. I agree, don't put any stock whatsoever in Lonzo's performance tonight, 1st night is more indicative of him in the NBA going up against a real team and up against a guy like PatBev. 
I would like to see the G league take the place of college as the league you play before you hit the big time. College system is fucked. 
sorry to be a dummy but I'm new to this what does blitzing mean?
Why the random swipe at Lebron?
Agreed. Stand up man, fuck the player!
Uh, off the court he never takes responsibility for losses, always plays the blame game
criminally underrated point! IT pressers were literally all about himself. 
Was he wrong?
well let's be honest...no one was playing well last night.  kyrie was just trying to make something happen.  not to mention the bucks are like our worst match up in the east.  hopefully we won't meet them in the playoffs.
Fuck philly
>I'm a die-hard Sixers fan but if you're going to heckle any human be prepared for a "Suck My Dick" reply. Shout-out to KYRIE!!!

This guy gets it. "Ima heckle this player" "OH HELL LOOK WHAT HE SAID TO ME WTF?"
Everyone here trashing phillys fan base. Meanwhile im over here a die hard birds fan and die hard celts fan. FUCK DALLAS FUCK REDSKINS FUCK GIANTS FUCK LAKERS FUCK CAVS FUCK TORONTO FUCK WIZARDS 
As a fan who is sick of watching future HoFers play with LeBron for sweatshop pay, I agree
As a Redskins fan who deals with a lot of annoying Philly fans: can confirm
Go fuck yourself San Diego
If you're just filtering by what random schmoes are saying, Twitter is a dank urine soaked hell hole.
Kyrie does have the luxury of having won a ring already.  KD was getting desperate after 10 years
I'm sorry x2
i mean tbf those refs were fucking awful
Who the fuck are you? 
your fans fucking boo everything for no reason
I would never say fuck!

FUCK!!!
Seriously, I could find fans of every single team being douches on twitter 
I'm not IT so no need to hate.
We played vs the Cavs on opening fucking night. What do you meam "wait"? 
I thought I was on the nba sub but realized this is the Celtics sub. Chill the fuck out.
Lonzo  Ball will be ahead of all stats except fg%/ft%by the time Lakers vs Phoenix game ends if he plays the 4th.
Lonzo, Simmons is well ahead, DSJ is balling the fuck out too. 
Well Ingram just scored 24 or something in that game too, so I think any game against the Suns should be automatically thrown out.
DSJ and Lauri have literally played one game tho. 
Yeah Lauri could be a mad dark horse imo.
Thought I was going crazy when I saw that and no whistle
And now they get a 3 day break to maybe hold a practice and get things in order. Been a crazy couple of days.
Gordy :'(
Their rebounding isn't even bad this year. It's just a topic that won't go away
Fuck embiid
[Summary of that game for those who didn't watch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g09H_6vHmzs)
That was the ugliest game I've ever watched
Whoever called C's by 10 before the 4th, mad props to you. Fucking hell man
I don’t want to overreact but Embiid might be the worst Center of all time.
Worst game ever but we got the W.
Kyrie start to show his 4th quarter skills. IT 's 4Q killer starts from Grizzles game or Heats game I think, still plenty of time to adjust.
God Larkin really saved our asses. One of the worst officiated games I have ever seen.
Highlight of the game:  https://streamable.com/gu4ap
FUCK THE PROCESS WE HAVE KYRIE IRVING AND SHANE LARKIN
This team without Hayward has me nervous. The ball movment is atrocious. It looked nothing like preseason
We won because Philly is terrible, nothing else
Oh fuck yes
this is so sick!!!
The refs were so bad, atleast they fucked both sides equaly with all those travels, off and def fouls and useless replays. Bad game from the refs today.
[fuck the refs](https://streamable.com/gu4ap)
If people don't listen to number 1, I want to see you reap their fucking souls.
People are expecting the NBA champion Kyrie to lead this team to greatness by scoring 33+ all game. He needs to learn Brad's playbook yet people are impatient.
what do we do when, after a few weeks or even months, Kyrie still looks awful and stagnating the offense?
That's how bad we are :(
Seriously I it was frustrating watching that shit. They were blowing whistles like they were getting paid per call
Embiid had a horrible game today and I think he'll see more of them. Going up against big centers seems to be his kryptonite
More mad at the refs for such a terribly offiicated game all around TBH
Yes, and it shows how bad we are! 
Scary Terry is our 3 game MVP
His offensive game is not good
Lauren Holtkamp is not a good ref. At all. 
Dam this got me hard. Get em Braddy. Yes Braddy yesssss 
No, that's how atrocious the officiating was. Were the refs so bad that you had a stroke and forgot how abysmally awful they were?
Philly is terrible if they can't guard a high screen and roll
On one hand the refs made a ton of bad calls to take us out of the game.


On the other hand, they made a ton of bad calls to put us back into the game. Wost officiated series since lal-sac
I didn't say Philly wasn't terrible. But Larkin also could have missed those shots.
No, just lazy.
I don’t think they’d want such a negative everything is always awful fuck on their team.
Kinda reminds me of that Bird jumper from behind the backboard
is trust the process what you tell yourself when your team has been inexcusably bad for a decade 
Fuck the process 
Sixers fan in peace. Just wanted to say how bad are these refs? Every sec there is a whistle no rhythm at all in this game. 
Jaylen Larry Bird brown with the behind the backboard j
These refs are awful on both sides
This is the worst reffing I think I've ever seen in my life
We sucked LESS than they Did!
This is why veteran presence matter, all i see is bad decision making out there

and shit call from ref
i like how annoyed the philly fans are getting. music to my ears
HOW THE FUCK IS THAT A TRAVEL
Holtkamp is a fucking joke. She's the third worst ref behind the Tony brothers.
Ever since the "Refs you suck" chant, I don't think a single call has gone our way. Fuck these skinless refs giving in to the insulting chants. Pussies.
behind enemy lines tonight.... lets gooooooo #fucktheprocess 
I literally cant even tell who theyre calling fouls on anymore. This is some of the worst officiating ive ever seen.
JAYLEN BROWN IS FUCKING UNREAL
I want the NBA to call travels when LeBron takes fucking 4 steps, not every 45 seconds 
This is one of the worst officiated games - on both ends - that I've ever seen.
This reffing is actually disgusting. On both sides
I've never seen Stevens even close to this frustrated 
Everyone needs to chill the fuck out with the Kyrie bashing. What is even going on in here? This is his THIRD game with the team. In 4 nights. After the entire roster was rebuilt in the offseason. AND THEN suffered disastrous injuries. 
That Kyrie fall scared the crap out of me

So can we trash talk about how bad Fultz looked on /r/nba without getting downvoted?
Refs were fucking Philly equally hard earlier in the game. They're just doing a straight up bad job all around. It's not even a fun game to watch. 
WHat the fuck how was that a foul?
Let me tell ya, Fultz looks like a fucking disaster
Chill out people brad loves fucking with the lineups for the beginning of the year. Trying to find combinations that work well. 
WTF NADER GOT HACKED. REFS?
Literally 10 travel calls already wtf
That travel was BULLSHIT... Refs giving in to the stupid crowd? Wtf
#YOU FUCKING TELL HER BRAD 
its lauren fucking holtcamp again. i dont care that shes a girl she's an awful ref
This begining of the season FIBA style refs are simply annoying. We didnt have 3 minutes of continuous basketball.
Everything about this game sucks.  Both teams sloppy as hell.  Refs are insufferable.
This is the worst National Basketball Association basketball game that I have ever witnessed 
Nullify the results from this game. Just erase it from history.
Every. Damn. Pump. Fake. 
Yo Sixers fans READ A FUCKING RULEBOOK
THEIS IN THE GAME!!!
Those travel calls are getting annoying
Refs making this game completely unwatchable. That, along with the sloppy play.
This game is unwatchable. What the fuck are the refs doing. 
That was the worst half I had seen in a while.. Fucked up refs.. Stupid FT shooting.. Rozier taking a shit early shot was typical of that half
The officiating is FUCKED
People saying "we're a bad team" and "we're a lottery team"...

Are you serious?

WE'RE THREE FUCKING GAMES IN. HOLY SHIT.
This is some of the worst officiating I’ve seen in a while.
shit covington can rain ill admit
Somebody show some god damn fight other than Jaylen.

We need a feisty veteran badly, bring back Gerald Green.
We are missing Morris, Smart, and Hayward. 

But we shouldn't be in a close game against a bunch of rookies. Not good, guys. Not good. 
In this game 🇺🇸☘️🏀📢📢📢📢📢📢🏀📢📢📢
[Game Summary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g09H_6vHmzs)
THESE FUCKING TRAVELS OMFG I WILL DESTROY YOU 
I don't understand this game.
SHANE LARKIN player of the fucking game
Tatum with 15 PTS & 7 REBS... I mean, is Ainge a genius or what???
Why are streams so hard to find this year? This is fucking bullshit
Horford having a tough night getting baskets 
y’all heard horford yell “FUCK”
Man, wtf Terry
Tatum looks like a fucking steal at three.
Lmfao, The Process fucking sucks
Refs need to chill the fuck out.
Hate to be that guy but...these calls are shit
This team needs veterans so badly
These refs can't even handle some heckling, fucking softies 
Who the fuck suggested this traveling change in the offseason? Bill Polian? Holy fuck.
3rd game in a row now the refs are absolutely dreadful on both ends

How is that a travel? Giannis makes 2 steps with each of his foot before he puts the ball down
The refs are fucking RUINING this game
god his ft shooting is so fucked
FUCK YES KYRIE
This has been a very poorly officiated game to say the least 
The refs are making this game absolutely brutal
Dumbest foul wtf
WTF WAS THAT FOUL!?
can the refs just let the game play damn...
absurd. fucking absurd.
uh oh Dad's mad
Brad is fucking PISSED
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT SHOT ROZIER?
On both sides... incredibly bad officiating.
Brad is fucking pissed
Brett Brown was halfway to the midcourt logo, wtf?
You know the refs are bad when your questioning whether or not the other team actually fouled or not
The NBA IS DELIVERING A HORRIBLE PRODUCT THIS YEAR
Refs = horrible

2nd Unit Guys not Passing to Jaylen = terrible

Bad Free Throw Shooting = Inexcusable
Kyrie needs to fucking take over what is this bs
This has been one of the worst NBA games I've ever seen.
~~drinking game~~ suicide game: Drink every time a whistle blows
THIS GAME IS UNWATCHABLE 
We could the finals and u/3ITKH would still find a way to be negative
why does the p.a. have to say the last names twice? fuck me, its annoying
get rid of that fucking call. even when it favors you it still pisses you off
I fucking hate how Brad is using Jaylen. This offense as a whole looks terrible. Too much standing around. And, so far, Kyrie has looked awful.
BRAD WITH THE SICK BALL HANDLING SKILLS
Watch some moron write an article about how Brad Stevens is a sexist for daring to criticize a female ref.
I hate the Sixers, blatantly threw games for years with absolutely no shame at all. 
wtf Terry?
Fultz filling up the box score. Well, with two fouls. That's all. 
Edit: tbf he also has three missed shots, but that doesn't include the eye test which is even worse 
Everytime I see Embiid I'm shocked by how large he is
"Checking to the game is #30, Guerschon Yabusenday" - Hornets PA announcer
What is this, AAU? Why the fuck do we keep traveling?
The NBA wanting to put a point of emphasis on travels is so dumb. Let's slow the game down....
I get the feeling by the body language of Philly's players that they think they are entitled.  YOU HAVEN'T WON SHIT!
Yup, we'll have 10+ travels this game
Christ these refs are really bad 
These Refs ruining the game with this BS Travel call.
Nice 5 point swing due to a terrible call :( 
What the fuck are these refs? Ruining the game for both sides.
Reffing so bad 
PUT THE FUCKING WHISTLES AWAY 
What the fuck is with the officiating god damn

FUCK THESE REFS SO FUCKING HARD YOU'RE RUINING THE GAME
The refs are

#ACTUALLY FUCKING MY CUM!!!
THREE GAMES OUT OF THREE WHERE THE REFS CANNOT CALL AN EVEN FUCKING GAME
This game is raising my blood pressure 
Christ wtf happened to these refs in the offseason
Trump just told me that these refs are bad on all sides. On all sides. 
FUCK THESE FUCKING REFS 
God who's paying these fucking refs.
Let's go Stevens, let them fucking know they'r garbage!
holy shit, fuck these refs with a pogo stick

#REFS ARE FUCKING HORESHIT
Rozier with one of the worst shots I have ever seen in my 31 years
What a fuckin shit show this game is
What an awful ending to the quarter
Refs are terrible on both ends. Young guys are shook because of this.
THE MISSED FREE-THROWS WILL DECIDE THIS GAME MARK MY WORDS!!!!
ROZIER JUST GIVE KYRIE THE BALL FUCK
I have never seen Brad so angry like that. The refers are really sick.
These refs is really fucking both teams in the ass. Not fun watching we the Refs play a big factor in the game.
That was about as bad of a last 4 minutes that I've ever seen 

ARE WE FUCKED? PLEASE TELL ME WE'RE NOT PLEASE
jesus the timout shows are horrible
we are playing some very uninspired basketball.
WHERE THE FUCK IS KYRIE
Brown is cold
I just hate our early season schedule. 3 in 4 is fucking them up. 
My god the rule changes are so bad. This is ruining the nba 
These are the worst refs I have ever seen. For both teams.
Notice that Bird is the only one trying to close out on RoCo wide open at the arc. Sickening.
THERE IS NO FLOW TO A GAME WHEN YOU CALL A FUCKING FOUL EVERY TIME 
This is a shitshow of a game
The only pleasure I'm getting from this game is how bad fultz is 
This game is absolutely ridiculous what r half of these fouls 
This is HORRIFIC basketball. On both sides
Where the fuck is a foul on Baynes?
This is the worst officiated sporting event I have ever witnessed
This is the worst game I've ever watched in any sport
anyone care to summarize this game, just got done with work
Man if we steal this game with this shooting...
Need some defensive stops but anytime they try it's a whistle. Refs are making them just trade buckets like the world's worst all star game. 
It's been one hell of an emotional week guys.. Holy shit I'm exhausted 
give kyrie the fucking ball man
As we all expected, Shane Fucking Larkin is the one to step up and take over this game
Nah fuck god.

#KYRIE IS IN THE BUILDING 
The fuck was that simmons hip check on kyrie?

Thank god, but that was ugly as shit.
Ugly game. Glad it ended with a W. 
Hate seeing Nader get time
This is fucking trash
I bought a pizza for this game 
would you take abby chin as your wife if it meant you could never watch another Cs game??
I'm always relieved in knowing that Lauren Holtkamp will officiate the game extremely well.
That was sort of a nightmare lineup, but we got through it with the lead and we got to rest players. 

Desperate times.
Seriously the non-rectangle of that Stub Hub patch is distracting me to know end. 
I hate our offense when the starters aren't in.
Sam L Jackson is a Sixers fan? Eugh. I guess there's worse things...
I know this happens when you field a lineup with a average age of 8 but I swear we make very very stupid mistakes.
That was just dumb by McConnell
Man, Philly really pisses me off and triggers the worst in me.

That said, refs are horrible this game.
Gonna be really hard to compete if we can't get our 3 point shooting up
If the refs are this desperate for attention, they could just post selfies in low cut tops on facebook.
We are playing so damn sloppy 
these little boys can't guard Jaylen Brown.  McConnell?  are you fucking kidding me?
Refs are ruining this game for both teams.
Fuck these refs dude. 
Fuck these refs holy crap
refs are ruining the game
#FUCK THE PROCESS
Our FT shooting is HORRIBLE
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HIT YOUR DAMN FT'S
Kyrie is impossible to defend when he wants to get to the rim. 
What with our Fts man :( 
Holy shit. Refs making this game disgusting
Yeah I am tuning out these refs had made the game unwatchable.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
WHAT THE FUCK??????????????????
These refs are horrible 
oh go fuck yourself refs
This is terrible
What an awful end to this half.  
wtf this game has no flow
This is going to be a very frustrating season 
#TAKE. THE WHISTLES. AWAY.

fucking idiot refs like seriously
I FUCKING HATE THESE REFS
rozier is a fucking moron
This is fucking garbage in almost every aspect. Refs, players, everything
I don’t think we will ever play worse than that. That was the bottom.
Both teams are awful.

No flow.
can we just make FT's at least
If Jaylen is out with the 2nd unit again and they refuse to pass to him, I will explode (not as exaggerated, but irritated)
Just tuning in now.  Is this game going to ruin my evening the way the Bucks game did?
You know what’s atrocious? The director of the NBCSN broadcast. Show some relays of what’s going on. You’ve got Stevens running up and down the sideline for no calls, and you just go to break to show pre-canned cuts. And how about missing the beginning of the 2nd. 
WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE DOING?
Brown needs to learn when he's cold. Ugly basketball 
Can we get Kyrie to fucking shoot...

He gotta take over this game soon.
What the fuck refs, can you let the game breathe a little?
refs are just fucking with us now
Run play for someone damn it, stop moving the ball without a purpose!

Iso Jaylen or Jayson on JJReddick

Let Horford go in the post

the fuck are we doing
even. fucking. kyrie.
Team just looks pathetic right now
This has been the worst game ive ever seen Embiid play.  Hope he doesn't heat up.
Horford has been awful tonight. 
Is Kyrie injured or something? He should be blowing past Mcconnel
This reffing... If I wasn't already stealing this game I would shut it off to show the league my disgust. 
TRAGIC BRONSON ALERT!!! I REPEAT TRAGIC BRONSON ALERT
Embiid being so nimble is scary even though that was a travel 
This is the ugliest game I've seen in a while.
Al has been so bad
Kyrie doesn't play with any energy. It's all just slow side to side dribbling with no attack

Feels bad man
There is literally a whistle on every fucking possession for both teams. Someone snatch those whistles away for fuck's sake
These refs are just atrocious 
This is hands down the worst reffed game i've ever seen. Holy shit haha.
Another Embiid flop. This fucking guy
This has been one of the worst quarter of basketball play from both sides. horrible shooting and everything. Also horrible refs
The fact we are down five is insane
This game is literally 2015 Sixers vs 2012 Bobcats.
Everything about Philly is so annoying. 
Scary Terry 
1 month ago I would say fuck you to someone saying Larkin would be getting big shots in the 4th quarter. Man this year is insane 
this is insane. these refs are high. 
WHAT IS WRONG

WITH THESE REFEREES
Where the fuck did Larkin come from?
I get scared every time someone hits the floor hard.....
Larkin! THE LITTLE GUYYYY!!!
That was an awkward fall. Please don’t do that again 
Can't wait to see what happens with the practices this weekend. Awkward seeing Brown and Larkin just hanging out in the same corner together
Ill take it, shout out to Shane Larkin
IT would have been itching to take this game over. Kyrie is standing in the corner. Come on bro
over the fucking backboard JB relax
Rozier plays like an idiot 
Feels like Kyrie just isn't even trying to bother with this game. Damn man.
I hate Kyrie's body language right now. Like he doesn't even want to be there.
I realize it's small sample size and all but I want Tatum to erupt and Fultz to pull a Lonzo
Sixers echo player announcing is so fucking annoying
Can they just start the damn game. We had the message from Gordon but this is ridiculous
this arena announcer is BRUTAL
They seriously put up a 6-0 run thing for the 20 seconds they were on a run?
weak
For maximum entertainment value we should play at least a couple possessions hack-a-fultz. 
Fultz looks soooooo bad 
TERRY SO SCARY
That was a bad call
am I a bad fan if I dont know who 28 is
Horford's body delayed reaction to the foul and started bleeding? Wtf?
Has anyone coped a DHGate (post Kyrie) jersey yet? I wanna get a Jaylen one but I want it to be Nike and they dont show the front of the jersey. 

Also whats up with the Nike shersey styles. So ugly. What happened to Name and number? No its some weird graphic design clusterfuck. The addidas sherseys are sold out like everywhere online. 
This drum line is sick
God fuck Embiid.
Nobody can touch Embiid? What the fuck

At this rate we'll get called for 10+ travels this game
I just went to nbatickets.com and its legit a portal to fucking ticketmaster.
I need to watch the game instead of looking up name pronunciations on basketball reference.
Brad's fucking pissed.
they're making crazy difficult 3's right now...when it returns to mean this game won't be close
Man I wish those pump fake calls translated to pickup. Everybody does it, and it's so annoying because I don't have Jayson's wingspan to work with.
fuck
One of those games where both teams must think we should be up by 15 considering how bad our opponent has played so far. 
Worse form then Dwight
If we lose this game it will purely be due to crap FT shootint
What's worse... The refs or the fts
Shaq taught this team to shoot FTs, 5/12 is awful 
Rozier don't give a fuck about size. He's gonna get that rebound
give me a fucking break
"Fuck!"
This is crazy
man this is hard to watch wtf
Horrible 2 possession
Worst game I've seen Embiid play so far.  
That was a horrific way to end the half
that shit is ridiculous
What an ugly end to the half.
I fucking hate pull-up threes in transition, please don't ever do that again.
This is worse than the officiating of the Raiders v. Cheifs game last night. These refs will not let either side play. Pathetic.
Can we let them play the fucking game? Not really one sided officiating but whens the last possession the game wasnt stopped?
So sick of this stupid AF Rozier playing the 1 Kyrie off ball stuff. 
This is a tough game to watch
God, that last 7 minutes or so was just brutal to watch. So many dumb calls interruping the flow of the game, a shit ton of turnovers, and frustration shots
:(
The offense is so bad right now...
this is sloppy as hell
HIERARCHY FOR FUCK SAKE, KYRIE AND HORFORD CONTROL THE FLOW, NOT TATUM, STOP THIS BULLSHIT 
We gettin smoked like this and i think embiid has fucking 2 points
Wtf was that foul 
This is getting ugly. Hard to watch this game at this rate
When they said cancer strikes unpredictably, they weren't kidding.

Cause it hit this thread hard
Aaron stand still after you shoot fuck
Scal with the subtle chirp at the refs
You're fucking kidding me with these FT's
We are very cold. 
This team as it stands now, is not good.
Wait, who sucks now?
So like...when are we gonna let Kyrie try to take over this game
We are fucking ice cold 
FUCK THIS 
the team looks exhausted
FUCK THESE REFS
Al Horford is the worst player on the court this game
Al 2-12 :(
Thank God that travel was called, was about to go apeshit. This game is flustering.
Sixers are handing us this game and we aren’t taking it 
Embiid is so dumb 
Saric's bad misses are worse than Smart's
Wait there was a foul on that three? I mean I'll take the FTs, but what was that call?
Rozier has been disappointing so far this game
Horford is having a really bad game
I wish I was on the Neilsen ratings mailing list so I could tell them I didn't watch this game even though I did
5 point game LFG
This is just comically bad basketball from both teams and the refs are just making it 4x as bad to watch. 
Late as fuck but ill take it.  these refs suck
Is crowd chanting "***hole"? because that would in tune with this game
Everyone in this game will foul out in the 4th quarter
How the fuck do these refs have this job?
It keeps showing that we don't have any FGs in the past X minutes. There are fouls on every one of our offensive possessions so we don't get to take a FG
Seriously, where’s Ashton Kutcher I’m being punk’d
Baynes with 5 already, not good
Am I watching Twilight Zone or something wtf is going on 
Stop holding the ball wtf

Give Kyrie the ball
Bird's playing tough.
Fucking kill me
At least Kyrie drawing fouls on the guards...5 on Tj 
God that was terrible basketball, its like im watching JV basketball
Ugly and funny.game
Refs have fucked the sixers pretty hard
How can Terry let Fultz do that to him. Horrible defense
I'm not convinced that I'm watching a basketball game
This is atrocious to watch. Refs are making it even worse. No team can really gain any momentum or rhythm with the play getting stopped EVERY DAMN POSSESSION!
Ugly ball 
Tie ball game, here we go.
I really want to shave Saric. That little fu man chu beard is disgusting 
wtf are these shots they're making
Why the fuck is Brown camping in the corner?!? They need to get him the damn ball.
I don't want Larken to do too well, otherwise Kyrie might feel bad. 
This is insane 
This game wouldn't be this close if not for JJ and Bayless' insane shooting. Our defense is still questionable though. 
This game reminds me of last game vs Bucks

and the Game 4 2017 Finals


SOMEONE GIVE THESE REFS A FOUL!
STOP. CALLING. STUPID. FOULS.
What bad shot selection by Kyrie.
kyrie taking contested threes is making me mad
Fuck Embiid
wtf shane larkin?
Dunkin Donuts sponsor on the T-shirt gun guy shirts in Philly feels dirty
We officially have the deepest guards in the game 
Let’s just sneak this game out. We have 3 days to work on our sets before the next game.
I hate this song.....
Embiid's been pretty bad this game
Very ugly game but a W is a W
Got a delay of game warning because Kyrie was talking to fans? WTF

This defense is fucking terrible
fultz is basically a useless defender at this point. doesnt move laterally.

This is so hard to watch
Horford is bricking bad rn 
We are awful right now.
Brown cold. Team fucked.
Idk if I can finish this game. This is just terrible
to people asking why Kyrie doesn't have the ball more...he does nothing but slow down the offense
I'm now worried about this game hampering Jaylen's all star chances. What a world.
NBA NEEDS TO FIRE THAT WEIRD LOOKING BITCH
Ok...TRoz is an idiot.  WTF was he thinking?

Second last sequence--has the break away advantage with Kyrie and another on the wings, decides to jump into his defender to draw a 3pt shot foul.  Turns it over.  76ers score.

Last sequence--they get the ball for what SHOULD be the last play of the half.  He rises up from 3 even though he's not hot.  76ers get his brick and they score with the last second shot.

I'm sorry but TRoz needs to be benched for his boneheaded plays.  This is do or die game for the Celts.
Kyrie is getting frustrated, forcing it now. Fuck.
Get Tatum the fuck out of the game, this is piss fucking poor.
Fuck FIBA rules, this is America god damn it, we don't need this commie euro-rules shit.

*/s
We lost to the Bucks, the Cavs beat the Bucks by 20.  Ouch :(
Nader sucks :(
What the fuck Jaylen, what the fuck is wrong with your free throws. Jesus fucking christ
We look exhausted. 
Wow, team sucks so bad.    Are we going for #1 pick?
Fuck this. Trade Kyrie. Cut Horford. Build around Larkin. Fuck me. WHY DID GORDON HAVE TO GET INJURED??
Rozier is still atrocious at getting around screens. 
Rozier needs to fuck off
WHy da fuck would you take a timeout?
We' re just a really bad team
Gordon Hayward couldn't even save this fucking shit show. Holy shit fuck.
Knowing women this reff probably thinks she’s doing us all a service by taking “control” of the game 
Bargaining is the 3rd stage of grief, so I’m gonna with “yes”
You mean Arabic 
That woman ref is bad...this is not about gender...she's just bad
Horrible
If Jaylen could hit FTs he'd have 30 points a game
They need to chill the fuck out
They're so fucking stupid
Or when Giannis takes 4 steps with the actual fucking ball
If any team is consistently pissed at your calls, you're doing a bad job.
It’s been an ugly game but people have to remember this. It was probably gonna take a while even with Hayward in there. Having to change the offense after losing him makes it that much tougher to get everyone clicking 
My heart may have stopped. It looked bad.
A person can be a girl and terrible at things.
The dude fucking hustles 
He said another week during pre game so yea
Yea refs are ruining the flow of this game, hope this isn't a trend this season
Yep :/ 
And that's saying a lot considering how long the Bucks game was
Wait? Lauren Holtkamp is reffing this game? Oh my fuck this game is gonna suck for both teams and the fans of both teams. 
Call it what you want she sucks
I mean he would have been #1, Sixers were just stupid enough to gift us another lottery pick
he has 3 fouls already tho :/
Ya you can tell jaylen is getting annoyed by it
Fucking cunt
That triple threat/jab step travel is fucking senseless.

What a stupid call. You gonna start calling that all the time? Guys have been doing that their whole lives. Also it’s not a travel. I fucking hate that call.
Fucking absurd 
Wrong clover ☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️☘️
Weird cause IT had like 35% usage last year and Kyrie no where close to that
I think it already poked him, that's why his game is so off tonight...
"Worst undefeated team since the 2015 Panthers"
Its a shitty ass delay and i hate it.
Literally nobody is giving up on them, we're frustrated with how fucking awful we look
Were allowed to be frustrated
#WE ARE ALSO PLAYING LIKE FUCKING HORSESHIT
Shes fucking useless 
Shes fucking useless 
WE ARE FUCKING FUCKED BUDDY, HOW CAN WE PULL THIS OUT?
I'm bad at reading lips 
An abnormal amount of offensive fouls on both sides. I think the gameplan was for the refs to decide the game
I'm sick and tired of all these muthafucking twists in this muthafucking movie.
I'm gonna be a ref, fuck it.
Seriously, Bill need to educate his son
Marcus and Marcus are out. Depth has been a prob this game
Don't judge for at least a month or two or three.
Absolutely. The way he lets both Kyrie and Larkin play that two man game with him is crazy. The Sixers have no clue what they should do since they keep getting beat regardless which choice they make. 
Hoping Terry scary dicks him
Fuck StubHub, they're the reason tickets are so goddamn expensive 
Tweaked his ankle against Milwaukee. Doesn’t appear too too serious though
Not a good thing
Don’t hate this shit is kinda dope 
:/
Sloppy....but alot of injuries, the start of the season, alot of turnover on the team, and three games in the first four days of the season.....just ugly
fucking put Wendy's out of business.
yes. The refs are awful both ways...destroying any and all flow, and the celts cannot hit fts. And kyrie looks like shit again. Its not cool stuff

If we only had a superstar PG who can lead a nasty offense...
Dont you fucking dare say that
Just left the hospital earlier today, my guess is he's doubtful for tonight. 
stay the fuck outta that plyo class at the gym
which can also be draining plays with taking a bad shot 
Not Nice Theis
Refs have been terrible for both sides
Don't say Aaron Rodgers :(
I bet every other tweet was "fuck these refs!!"
FUCK THAT, FUCK THE CAT IN THE HAT!
Who fucking called it??!!
Usually you gots to pay for that.
Fuck him. I hate this fucking team.
Refs are just bad on both sides of the ball
He took that 3 because he saw Horford had the mismatch on the weak side for the rebound.
I mean

Lebron James...
We match up way worse with Giannis than the Cavs do.

Irrelevant.
Kyrie isn't playing bad though. Had a subpar game against Milwaukee, but did relatively well against Cleveland and he's playing alright in this game too.
but also the refs are bad
Sorry but if Brad is screaming at the refs to their faces, i think we have plenty of reason to complain about them. 
Fuck off, he would yell at the ref if the ref was rainbow-colored.
So you hate basketball? 
you are drunk
Damn bro u are so negative
Kyrie, jaylen, Larkin, Tatum... three games in bud, idk what there is to be tired of 
well they way their calling the game we can pu them into the penalty two minutes in.
Yeah, going to the mic and being all 'MAKE SOME NOISE' was a little silly, but maybe they tell him to do that to stir up the crowd.
I hate the cavs pa guy. So annoying and they are always on nationally so you can't get away from it 
I believe the first to be appointed to his military rank. Sergeant or Captain, I missed it
How do you mean? Brad will get them back into the game at half time rather than worrying about what the refs call. 
I mean we can't be worse than these clowns, amirite?
At least he can run an offense
Yes, behind Boston 
yeah... the Sixers feed is garbage... those announcers are fucking jokes...
What do you mean? Ive been in this sub forever.
He's not a part of the offense.  He's shying away from it. #SAD
Would have been even worse if he was playing
In this game? Yes it is
Yeah I'm not bashing the C's like they're garbage, you can just see this is an ugly game from them right now. And I feel like the refs are just making it seem like a million times worse on both teams. 
That was clearly a fucking joke dude, do you seriously think someone wants to rebuild around Larkin
That is odd. I was responding to a comment saying something about Brad being misogynistic for yelling at the female ref. My response was to that but apparently I replied to the wrong comment. My bad, I agree completely. 
Still was a *really* dumb shot
it's bad. Reeeeeaaaaallllllllllyyyyyyy bad. Like Daddy Brad is fucking mad bad. 
I'm just disappointed Dublin Donuts isn't a real thing 
Dude, Kyrie has one bad game and this is how you react.
It’s people like you that make it so damn hard to like LeBron. 
TBF Lebron i hate Lebron regardless of his supporters 
I think you might be in the wrong sub but take my upvote for the last sentence. 
I think it'd be cool as fuck if Hayward just grew out his hair and beard indefinitely until he returns and then we get Cast Away Hayward. Cast Awayward. That'd be crazy.
I would have out bided had i know :(
Aren't we talking about end of game specifically?
I definitely don't hate. There's definitely a space for it in the game
I said that the article doesn't say that you hate ISO play. I said "some NBA fans" not you. 

I agree with you and the contents of the article. I think you are misunderstanding my posts. 
Is it scary Terry??
It's because LD2k is a laker fan...At least that's what I tell myself.
Scary Terry’s instagram is gmb_chum12
Fuck the lakers
fuck me this season keeps getting worse. I fucking hate the Sixers and they are better than us this season smh
That geostorm movie looks like it's absolutely terrible. 
I haven’t even watched the trailer but I believe you, Every movie she picks out is terrible. 
Smart isn't playing. :(
He is not joking, and i think he didn't mean to throw dates at all but that is the plan, so that should be what the expected recovery date must be
"It's gonna be crazy, G"
What do you mean by non-reaction? The fact that he didn't grab it or stand up or anything?
What do you mean by Olympian non reaction? Just wondering I’ve never heard of it
Yes but there is a difference between a broken bone and a fracture.
You can't say that till it's happened to you though. You're adrenaline is pumping like crazy
Strange then I was misinformed some years ago then. Broken bone must just be the colloquial term then
Strange then I was misinformed some years ago then. Broken bone must just be the colloquial term then. 
fucking hell about to get crushed by the fucking processors smh
This shit is so annoying
I fucking hate this season
Sorry Cobra, medical > you
Yeah I say take your time and take a day, he's had ankle problems in the past, as bad as I want to see him swallow up Fultz I'd rather see him 100%
No, we need to move toward a state-of-the-art sports science operation immediately. It's past time to catch up with the Spurs and GSW in this area.
I knew that shitty movie streaming service was no good!
Hard to tank with the talent we have still standing, but it would be a hoot to *Process* the season. 
Add the rest of the youngsters and you describe my feelings. 

Is it too late to tank?
I was absolutely terrified when Jaylen got pushed back onto him, was preparing for the worst after what happened to Gordon.
What the fuck
Yeah, at least another week.
yeah I mean he should have plenty of time for it
He's still really thin though, but he's long and knows how to use those noodles.
I’m guessing you’ve watched Lonzo Ball play for maybe...what? Half a game?
[Yea but there are very few as based as Ichiro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtImIqR5neU)
Prove me wrong then but so far this guy is heading to be a bust. Prove me wrong. 
Man I hate this disease. 
Not sure who the dude is but that's crazy young

RIP
Fuck Cancer man. RIP.
fuck cancer
If he can score 25 on LeBron and 23 on Giannis....... he's gonna have a GAME tonight
Embiid played like 0 defense down the line against he wizards. He's gonna be a tough one. Anyone who can stretch the floor and is 6'11''+ with require some extra effort on our end to stop. Looking forward to the game.
Embiid wasn't as dominant on defense as he was last year in the first game. Could be rust, could be a little out of shape, could be that John Wall was being defended by Jerryd Bayless. Horford could have a big game (If he has those).

Also gortat is randomly money against us all the time? Line drive hook shots, 16 footers, lefty put backs... So weird. 
Why not? Is it really ever too early to start developing chemistry of your team? Also I didn't really specify this season, just wanted to hear outrageous trade ideas that can't really be called outrageous anymore because... Danny
Doesn't happen without at least one of Brown/Tatum
Thats actually evil
Sorry this happenned, but just an FYI the Celtics themselves had nothing to do with the sale of tickets for this game. As others have mentioned, it's a home game for the Sixers and the venue handled the sale of all tickets for the game.
It’s not a Celtics home game. This is an NBA event and the Sixers are the ones losing a home game. 
Are you serious? :(

It's my 26th birthday that weekend and I've never been to Europe so I was planning out a getaway. My friend who I was going to meet up with reassured my tickets would be dirt cheap ugh.
And to think I'm disgruntled because I am missing out on the second Celtics game in Wells Fargo!
shit man, that sucks.
That person only has this one comment in their history, so I guess they created the account just for this?

If they didn't get the city wrong I'd joke that it was OP in disguise.
Dawned on me walking to a 9am lecture that this would happen. Using my phone would've been so awkward that I realised that I'll get it another way, another time 
Yeah fuck that I'm not paying £300 for £80 tickets. I'd rather spend £500 and go to Boston.
Yep. Looks like it. 

Disgusting. 
Lakers fans in their game thread are saying they should have drafted Jaylen😂😂
Yes fuck the Lakers and their circus of a team. 
Yeah -- that's what I just wrote in the Lakers tankathon thread. Ingram is fucking brutal to watch. If there was a do-over of that draft, the Lakers would take Jaylen. 
Can we not be that fan base that goes into other subs and start posts with “Celtics fan here...”. It’s so fucking lame. I just saw two of those posts in the Lakers sub. FUCK THE LAKERS
Ummmm not saying they will, but it was 1 game...
> but a team can be bad and well-coached. Just not seeing that with the Lakers.

See: our first season with Brad.  
As a Celtics fan I will never feel bad about terrible decisions the Lakers make.
sides dont we get their pick if they are bad enough?

If you have to ask you're streets behind
Ball is going off as well.  I don't doubt the Lakers will be bad.  There will be several teams worse though. 
I mean, there's life and then there's basketball. I don't wanna fuck their wives, I just wanna fuck their boxscores
And so would be we if one of their guys went down like Gordon did, but the rest of the time we hate each other and that's how things are and both sides like it.
Do Clippers or Celtics fans hate the Lakers more? I was at the Clippers sub and the hate was just as real. 
*slow clap*
In terms of tough shots, Jayson.
I feel Tatum may have a forty point game as a rookie if the opportunity arise. Tatum ofc

If we're talking ceilings, I think I'd lean towards JB if he expands his offensive repertoire and continues improving his handle and jumper. His athleticism is absolutely insane and he can just get to the rim virtually at will
It may be, but that would be like, the worst case scenario here.. i think somewhere in that stretch the guys really start playing together as a cohesive unit
Gladly wrong!!!
You're reading it wrong
aw fuck yes, FUCK THE LAKERS
Fuck the Lakers!
Man, this is some ugly basketball.

These Laker guys are playing without any sort of discipline...
I thought I'd feel bad for the Lakers, but then I remember we have their pick in 2-5. I'm going to laugh very hard if the Lakers are the 2nd worse team in the NBA. Please Lakers, suck, but don't suck too hard! We need your pick!
Lakers are tragic g league level jesus
Ball and Ingram look mad trashy
Yeah so I kinda don't hate Lonzo...
I hope Brook Lopez balls out and they lose every game because he's on my fantasy team.
AHAHA I HATE THE LAKERS SO MUCH
RIGHT???? LMAOOOO TRAGIC
it's....it's tied. terrible post bro
You know it's bad when the upvoted comments are all just roasting the teams players 😂
Clippers only slightly less ugly.
 So you don't get fined? Sorry,  wrong sub...
But who? They're legit awful... 
Hahahahahaha.

Los Angeles sucks! Lost Amgeles sucks!
They don’t have the same wingspan you fucking idiot. Ingram’s is 4 inches longer.
i posted this 10 mins ago. terrible post bro
Yeah I don’t get the Lonzo hate (besides that he is a laker of course).

It’s not his fault that his dad is a jackass.  I’ve never heard him say anything that didn’t make him seem like a confident, yet humble kid who loves basketball and has a lot of respect for the game.


Bulls, Kings, Nets, Pacers, and Suns?

That being said, they looked terrible tonight. Nothing to do but kick your feet up and watch that dumpster fire burn

The Bulls may not win 10 games
The collective BBIQ of CP3, Hayward, Horford, and Brad Stevens would be unbelievable 
Didn't seem to be the case in game one for the Rockets...?
one game
Shouldn't CP3 be controlling the game regardless if that's just how he plays?
I did  a play now online game last night (other dude picked the warriors, of course) and I sat him. It felt weird using him.


I got destroyed :(
I think you're forgetting about fab melo, MORON
Looks like it was actually a mistake on the poster's part, so not as bad as it seems...or at least he's part of the group that got conned.
OP says it was a mistake and they're also a bamboozle-ee, not a bamboozler, unfortunately.
Delly is a dirty player. 
Fuck tissues, eat a signed Gordon Hayward poster 
Not sure why you’re downvoted but I agree. I just want him to be 100%.
There is still a possibility of ligament damage in his ankle, with dislocation it's very common  to have ligament damage done as well. It's from the force of it snapping out of place the ligament get damage from it. His surgery was to stabilize the bone and any ligament damage that may have been done from the injury.
No more trades for a little while please :/
That sounds... complicated
Fuck me.
It says stabilization. I don't think that means repairing the ligaments. Maybe they were stretched a little, and that's it, and ligament stretches aren't usually bad because they happen quite often during ankle sprains
Wtf? We are upvoting news from the damn Celtics press release and his agent that say otherwise. Wtf are you talking about.
It's to repair possible torn ligaments it's just the name of the procedure.  They could of only been strained but highly doubtful. 
From athletic trainer Jeff Stotts before the surgery: “And then they haven't described any soft-tissue injuries that likely occurred. **Because to have something so violently forced into that direction, you know you have stabilizing ligaments to try and prevent that**, but if it was out, and stayed out like it reportedly did, until they reduced it, **you're looking at some level of soft tissue damage**. We just don't know to what extent yet.”

This is bad. Really, really bad.
You're being dramatic. Really, really dramatic.
It's fucking ridiculous
Maybe I shouldn't cheat on my diet... Gordon's ankle and lower leg exploded 2 days ago and he's already fucking rehabbing like a monster, and I'm sitting here struggling not to eat a freakin donut.
Rest? The rehab for a broken ankle is uh, limited. 
Rushing him out this year would be a terrible decision, I seriously hope he isn't planning a return this season even if he's 90% suitable for the playoffs, this team has no chemistry and would get destroyed by Cleveland.
Don't be weird dude. He's not related to you
We share the same blood. BLEED CELTICS GREEN!

Sorry for the corniness
Even worse, I heard his hair is fucked up. 
Kyrie has one bad game and now we have no shooting?
you have no idea how wrong you are.
That's not surprising he's an extremely dirty player
Fucking bullshit.  Dirty shit like that can’t be tolerated after the injuries that have taken place early in the year.  If deli had injured smart with some stupid trip I’d want his head on a pike.  
Worst part is that Cleveland has benefitted from both of these season-ending/potentially season-ending injuries, in some way 
PSA: Jeremy Lin isn't Stephen Curry. The Nets are still the Nets with or without him.

I don't know. I've been on the Doncic bandwagon for a long time (and gotten hate here for it), and seeing the chance to get him slip away hurts, especially if he ends up in Cleveland.
No, the worst part is the two life-altering injuries.
This isn't the Bennett draft where it was a giant crap shoot.

There are 3 locks for next years draft, everyone has an opinion on order.

One of those 3 could still be a bust but chances are you'll get at least a solid rotation player.
Cleveland will still mess up the pick. They are not a competent organization. LeBron bailed them out. 
And the Benett class is notoriously bad right?
Thank you. All these other posts are pissing me the fuck off.
Link to Terry's post game?
Hate to break it to you fellow Celtics fans but if you thought Kyrie was going to completely give up ISO ball, your going to have a very bad season. 
Maybe you shouldn’t get so upset over a game. 
I think you're missing the point.  My initial comment was that, assuming we're a team contending for a championship, I would rather have 1 selfish basketball player (that you can sit on the bench and work around) than a bunch of inexperienced/young players that don't know how to run sets.
How are you concluding either of those two things? It's like you picked two random scenarios
You're the one who took it to a place of "selfish" and "mental capacity". Cmon dude. 
Hope this isn't coming off as insensitive. I know this absolutely sucks for J-Lin, just as Gordon's injury does for him.
Iirc a ruptured patella tendon is the worst knee injury, even worse than an ACL tear. Could be wrong though 
I'm sorry (so sorry) but what I have seen from Irving *until now* is not better than IT.

So we had a better player in IT and the mother fucking number one Nets pick.

What the hell have we done?
Man that's devastating. I really wished Lin would have a year for proving himself
> no sexual desires

Fake fan
I'd be angry she didn't let me watch.
How in the hell do you see Terry as ball handler, he's a terrible point. Good SG, bad PG. 
Seriously. This is so fucking stupid.
Decent defense, yes.  But terrible offense cancelled it it out.  Last year he was a net negative: produced 102 ppp while giving up 108 ppp.  [Source](https://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/pcm_finder.fcgi?request=1&sum=0&player_id1_hint=Tony+Allen&player_id1_select=Tony+Allen&player_id1=allento01&y1=2005&player_id2_hint=Marcus+Smart&player_id2_select=Marcus+Smart&player_id2=smartma01&y2=2017).
You're resorting to name calling because your binkie-boy Marcus sucks at basketball, and you refuse to face the facts?  Damn.  Yoots these days.
False.  His offensive rating was 102 compared to a 108 defensive rating.  That's a minus 6.  [Source](https://www.basketball-reference.com/play-index/pcm_finder.fcgi?request=1&sum=0&player_id1_hint=Tony+Allen&player_id1_select=Tony+Allen&player_id1=allento01&y1=2005&player_id2_hint=Marcus+Smart&player_id2_select=Marcus+Smart&player_id2=smartma01&y2=2017)

And this gap actually got *worse* over his 3 years in the league.
He shot like shit. But so what, it's one game 
And he passed on Fultz this past draft, after seeing him shoot free throws, I would have done the same, and I'm a horrible GM in 2k.
Your list of who was above J. Brown seems crazy now.
Would anyone deal Brown for any of those players on that list? 
Well, maybe Bender, he did have 2 points on opening night.
Oh so you're one of the "passed on Giannis for Olynyk" idiots. Not going to bother reading what you had to say

By your logic, every GM is a terrible drafter for passing on Isaiah

And you forgot trading for Rondo on draft night in your little list of reminders
> And I don't care that other G.M.s passed on these players as well.

But....this is what he should be compared to. 

Look at the history of every other GMs drafting. You cant just pick the steal of every fucking draft and be upset we missed on them. 14 other GMs passed on what was an extremely raw project in Giannis. Same with every other player you just listed. Itd be one thing if Danny was in the lottery for 5 years in a row and whiffed on those picks. Youre blaming him for missing on picks in the late teens and 20s, with Kelly being the earliest pick (13) you have a problem with. 
Yea ridiculous, I hate these people
Yeah if you pull a starter out of the late picks once every three years or so, you are KILLING the game. 
I mean, if we are gonna rank a GM, let’s analyze his whole body of work. They were contending from like ‘11-‘15 so why would we compare the results of one GM who was drafting in the late 20’s to a GM who was drafting in he lottery during the same time?

Your comparison of OKC to Denver is the biggest false equivalence I’ve ever heard
This is an "article" rehashing what I can only see is an unsubstantiated tweet and basically reporting it at fact. Reporting on half baked rumors is useless
Bill belichick would have him questionable from now until the last minute of the last game
Or Thin Marcus
Please no more of that "His shots were not falling but he ..."
Scary Terry III aint no joke, Bitch
You can run from Scary Terry but you can't hide from his TPA, bitch.
Add that with the greek getting all the superstar calls and you have an angry tommy.
Man I can't wait for the Sixers game, Jaylen is gonna put in work
Went crazy for this slam!
LeBron is just chilling.  "I'll dominate at the end of the 4th."  And he did.
Well, people have always wanted to see MJ and Lebron go at it and now they've caught a glimpse...

Lebron, though -- like I said in the game thread: he is the Shaq of the perimeter. He even has this crazy backing-down bullyball move from 16 feet going in that literally makes him look like Prime Shaq mowing down tinier opposition. It's ugly as hell but it's incredibly hard to stop. So annoying. 
> The look of complete shock and awe on the son's face as he watched his father do the impossible

Dunk so ferocious Lebron confused Jaylen for Delonte
I need a 3840 x 2160 version, really badly.
I really contemplated making a twitter page that just posted ALL the terrible Celtics takes. There's one for the Boston Bruins, and it makes me chuckle every Goddamn day.
Gordon bout to get absolutely filthy at League of Legends these next few months
He got unlucky but at least it isn't a crucial knee tendon like Lin's.... bad start to the season :/ 
Yeah knee injuries are no joke. It's weird too when you think how gruesome injuries like Hayward's look compared to a knee injury yet it's "better" to get that. 
I think i would have a cl tear that break my ankle like that. Lot less could go wrong with the cl tear. 
NO MORE JUMPING
Definitely no more alley oops with Lebron lurking
This is what I've been saying. No more jumping, and no one is allowed to move faster than a speed walk
Took me 9 months for my ankle to be even 90% after table topping it between some bleachers trying to save a ball from going out of bounds. Hasn't been the same since though, some weird impingement. Ankle injuries are fucked.
Gordon Hayward is a bad mofo I wouldn't be surprised
it'd be dumb of his agent to say anything else and create pressure for Hayward's rehab. 
NBA salaries are paid on a per game basis, I believe. If I'm correct, then the Celtics can recoup a portion of each game he misses. 
Guys I think we may have fucked up drafting Kelly Olynyk instead of Giannis Antetokounmpo 
Fuck Dellavedova.
Staying away from local sports radio. I don't know why they hate the Celtics so much
If this was kyries stereotypical game he wouldn't average 47 40 90 on a whole season. 
But apparently the refs gave him a crap ton of superstar calls? 
We're going to struggle, especially late in games until Brad can revitalize his approach/strategy.  Then guys are going to have to get accustomed to that strategy.  This is going to take some time.  4 games in 5 nights is not going to help.  
Terrible news :/ 
It's about to get crazy, G
god this is like a bad dream
get well soon daddy :(
Game time decision
This made me sad all over again
Questionable with a lower body injury 
:( :( :( :(
Thanks! Just set it up. Looks sick
CHanting "Gordon Hayward" was the stupidest thing I have ever heard or seen.  It was like a boring sox game and they start chanting Yankees Suck, while playing the Tigers
I TOLD Y'ALL NOT TO SPECULATE AND ASSUME THE WORST!
I mean, it's hard to believe a well known sports anchor for a Boston news station would stake his reputation and tweet this. People like Felger or Mazz or radio hosts I would be cautious with because they make a career out of speculation. But if you're a news anchor for sports news in a 5 minute window on local news, you would think you shouldn't be in the business of speculation. 

So I believe it. I know Hayward may still be in surgery, but you take MRI's before getting in the OR
I was joking, he didn't shot that poorly... Close though.
No idea why he posted that
This totally ignores the fact that the ISO-ball nullifies everything else happening in the offense.  

It is not effective and will not win us games. 
Irrelevant  comment

I was talking about frame. As in his body shape and muscles and relative strength

Athleticism include speed and acceleration and verticality are not in context 
Just making excuses for his crap performance. IT would have owned it. Smug with a couple reporters with his remarks.
Brad- Jaylen next game we need you to drop at least 50
Jaylen - say no more fam
Jaylen 90 > 80 Sixers
Yes but pop was really harsh and hard on Parker I can't imagine Stevens being that way
Yea looked like it could have been a slight strain, hopefully nothing serious.
Agreed, but I have the bleach on my bedside table just in case it is serious
Ya if all else fails Jaylen is going to be yamming on people all year.
I swear if I see anyone use the word "tanking" on this sub about our team or "bad for Bagley" or "dissatisfactory for Doncic", I'll downvote it because it'll be completely sensationalist and wrong. Even if we somehow lose several more games this month or have a  bad streak at some point this season, we're not tanking. Intentionally losing games is not in the Celtics' DNA. Never has been, never will be!
It's already getting ridiculous over on celticsblog - Kyrie is apparently trash, Smart is a terrible flopper and the only players we should play are Rozier, Brown and Tatum.

I even saw someone suggest tanking already...
We're a little reactionary but Jesus fucking christ
That's a weird way to spell Oliver Miller
That I'm going to need to wait at least a few months to see Jaylen in the all-star game. 
The Nets pick. I still think it was idiotic to trade it.
Lin just went down as well :/
Does this mean you didn’t want to trade for Kyrie or you think we should’ve included something else instead of the nets pick?
It’s the second game of the season. I guarantee he wasn’t cooking anybody his second game last year. It’s gonna take a little bit for the chemistry and everything to start working out. Stop being so hysterical over one “meh” performace
Ive been waiting. But the kid is a hell of a defender i give him that. Also he plays with the heart of a lion every possession every game 
Could care less about the setting or the picture you're trying to paint, I'm talking about the details of the game and how we played. 
You straight up wack. Its two games into a 82 game season stop buggin. This team is legit I'm sorry for bleeding green.

Ridiculous and foolish to worry two games in. Dont see how you can not be an optimist with this team and their talent. 
He shot very poor tonight as well. Not trying to take anything away from the guy but tonight was a bad night. He has to step up and be a leader. Needs to play on the ball more bc lebrons not on this team
I expect all kinds of "weird" lineups and assignments. Brad knows what Kyrie can do, but to grow as a player, they need to work on skills that aren't natural/honed.
Yeah but usage isn't a cut and dry stat, Lebron got 10+ touches over kyrie per game.
DAE CELTICS DUNN FUCKED UP???
And he had some ticky tack ass calls against Giannis. That foul out call was awful. 
I don't recall any bad foul calls, tho that last one was definitely ticky-tacky. Giannis is just an insanely hard player to guard.
I'm hoping this post is mocking everyone including Celtics fans. EVERYONE thought Ainge fucked up with exception of a small amount of Celtics fans.
This is why after any move no matter how skeptical our fan base is we have to trust that Danny knows more than us armchair GMs
I think it was his 5th that was an annoying call. Giannis totally grabbed his jersey and pushed him before shooting. But again, I feel like Giannis is so hard to guard without fouling that I can let Jaylen slide on it. Still young baby
Cause we r the Celtics and he is on the lakers and fuck the lakers
I hate making comparisons to the Truth, but goddamn if that postup fadeaway jumper doesn't remind me of Paul and make me feel things.
Yeah.  That's typical LarBrd33 shit.  He always ignores stats when they prove him wrong.
That is already a fuck up by the coaching staff if your player just goes around changing his form without consulting you
The Nets did look worse than I thought they would 😖😖😖
Get the fuck outta here it’s the second fucking game of the season 
This is getting ridiculous. 
only point I agree with is 2 with Lin going down. the rest will be solved as we go along. and saying Kyrie can't get to the rim or draw fouls is insane.
Worse than Skip.
This guy is an alt-righter, too. So, don't take him too seriously.
Post game thread 
Question. Where are people bashing? I've seen nothing but positive on this sub.

If you're refering to facebook or twitter then save your breath. 90% of the population is stupid.
I just get so goddamn annoyed reading the comments in the game thread... sorry if this is violating any rules. 
Doesn't change the fact that he scored 37 with a high percentage :( 16 of those points were in the 4th too
It has so many terrible takes
so sick of these heart and soul arguments. the guy is shooting 30% from the field on high volume. hes never shot above 40%. he sucks at shooting and scoring and it hurts the team.
Oh so he doesn't score 20 points a game he's automatically bad? Do you even watch basketball? 
He does but when he had shot 5/16 and 4/13 he's just not a guy I want in the starting line up. He was still terrible on offense even though he shot 3/6 tonight 
Where did I say that God damn child you are stupid.  He's shot terrible in back to back games do you even watch the games.
No its how i talk to stupid people like you. I'm sitting on my couch chill as fuck getting ready to go to bed.
Mad? Nah. Tired of stupid fair weather fans? Yep. 
Jaylen got absolutely fucked by the officials 

Breathe on Giannis = Foul 
Fuck the refs Jaylens 6th wasn't a foul
Say what you want about Kyrie's shooting, Marcus Smart lost us this game with turnovers, horrible shots, horrible possessions and horrible holding up the ball while creating nothing. 

Refs and free throws too. Smart should not be allowed to participate in offensive possessions.
Unfortunate we lost but there’s no need to overreact. Our offense isn’t fluid yet. We’ve lost two close games based on our talent and grit. Once the half court offense gets going we’ll be really good.

Still no excuses for the missed free throws and bad turnovers. Must work on that.

Oh yea, fuck the refs. They called a terrible game for both teams. 
After last nights tragedy, i thought we would have some sympathy zebras tonight.

I was wrong :(
I don't like this season. BAD SEASON. GO TO YOUR ROOM.
Not ideal.
Their star killed it tonight and ours didn't. Refs fucked us, though.
Scary Terry with a scary looking box score, the guy is legit
Well, not exactly how anyone was picturing things 2 days ago, eh? All I have to say is Jaylen. Motha. Fucking. Brown.
Offense was bad last 8 minutes. Just standing around trynna go 1V1 against the defenders.
Also pick and roll not pick and stand still. 
Nothing but improvement from here on out. Go Cs.
Those refs were fucking blind.
The refs were terrible, there was never a consistent flow in the game and we never found a way to stop Giannis which in the long run hurt us.
Kyrie 7-25 wtf?
Poor Kyrie out here with my pickup stat line 
This game reminds me of 2017 NBA Finals Game4. 

Someone need to put up the Ref's highlights
Jaylen has some bullshit calls, but the one that fouled him out made my blood fucking boil.  
I’m sad
This offense at times really looked like it was stalling, looks like an offense that is expecting an all star forward to be there but he isnt :(((
Jesus Christ I really hope that Marcus can find a way to score at least a little efficiently.  1/6 from the line is just awful 
Kyrie shot 28% tonight.  IT shot that bad twice last year. 
Kyrie blew this game away.  having watched him for awhile now, his biggest weakness is an inability to draw foul shots at the rim.  also looked a bit tired too
Pathetic hot takes from the IT crew.  Still sulking....

Edit: Just watched the game.   You lot are clueless.

Rough game. It happens. The Bucks have been together for a while now, and Giannis is turning/has become a horrifying talent. 
Disappointing performance from Jaylen, but I can forgive a second year player getting in foul trouble. Kyrie was just beyond atrocious tonight. I don't understand what he's doing half these possessions.
Pathetic performance.
Tommy Heinsohn still sucks. DAT CALL IS BOGUS
At least Kyrie got his worst game of the season out of the way
Yeesh those reffs were appaling we legit got fucked by them. Sigh just like last year.
Jaylen did get shafted on a about 3 stupid touch fouls. The reffs were so inconsistant.
0-2 while wearing my Isaiah Thomas shirt, not a good start.

Also it's been a few days maybe I should change my shirt
I can’t believe how bad Smart was tonight offensively he probably had 3 legit air balls. 
He was trying to facilitate at times, and threw some bad passes (especially those two turnovers in the fourth). He ended up taking a few awful, contested shots too. Just drive dude, he was taking it to the rim pretty well.
Kyrie seemed really frustrated with Smart after Smart took that one terrible three (even though he made it). He had to pull him aside and talk to him on the court during a dead ball.
yeah he was pretty terrible all game -- couldn't seem to control his emotions either
Bad shooting game overall, but he was 3/7 from 3. Yay?
Neither of these statements are false. 
1-6 FTs as well. Am I reading that right? Jesus Christ. His ball movement and “fit” with the starters was terrible tonight too. 3 TOs to 4 asts.

I seriously can’t take him anymore. I’m sick of watching him. I’m sick of this sub constantly apologizing for his shitty play. And I’m sick to fucking death of this “heart and soul” nonsense. Makes me want to puke. 
I want to say Kyrie and Smart dribbled themselves into terrible shots, but often the problem was that they just stood there holding the ball. They didn't even dribble themselves into terrible shots. They stood themselves into terrible shots.
Kyrie sucks we need to trade him 
is just joke.... y u hefff to be mad
That's always been his game though! I have faith that he can adjust it but it's not gonna happen overnight. 
We need him, as evidenced by the Bucks game. Although I think we can make do without him against the sixers.
Fucking reffs kept missing 3s as well. AVERY'S SHOT WAS A 3
i mean its already been hurting the team. idk how much longer we can be blind to the fact that his shooting %'s are historically bad for a guard
Think you mean Nader 
Also, it's tough to emulate how exhausting an actual game is in practice. There's no doubt we were tired. 
About 2 valid fouls maybe 3 the other 3 were terrible. 
Did Tommy announce this game? Because that will start a blame the refs movement.
I'm sorry you don't know shit about basketball. 
If the nets are the worst team in the league (undetermined), it’s still only a 25% chance. 
It's still a dumb take. We're two games into the season and we just lost Hayward. The offense has to reset and adjust. 
I'm sorry you're literally an oversized amoeba from Pluto 
I don't need an education on sample size to definitively say that through 2 games Kyrie hasn't played at the level Thomas did last season.  It's a fact.  I hope he can improve as the season progresses, but he's off to a bad start.
Hahah i know the calls were bad both ways tonight...but holy hell that 6th on brown was a joke.

He actually got fouled... Giannis blatantly pulled his collar... 
I’m just jaded all around. I know we will be fine. I’m just pessimistic and sad :(
Yes, Kyrie had an awful game. We agree on that.

You can't compare his one awful game so far to a season of statistics from Isaiah Thomas last year.

You don't get it, seriously? 
Do you get that I said "Kyrie Irving looks like a poor man's Isaiah Thomas right now... rough start".

What about that is out of line?  He shot 25% tonight.  Thomas only shot worse than that one time all last season.  It's Game 2.  Kyrie looked awful.  It's a rough start.  I stand by it.  He looks awful
You act like Kyrie is a rookie. We know what he can bring to the table already. Kyrie playing Kyrie's game isn't going to work for this team. Kyrie needs to play Celtics ball and he'll be in the MVP race.  

Again, this isn't rocket science. 
I think so. It's fairly complicated. I think my ACL surgery was an hour or two. 
Don't know why you're down voted... I mean, if we Christians don't like an atheist praying then we're the problem! Keep praying for him man! He needs it!
I like it when daddy brad gets mad
Probably frustrated because of the fouls.
I don’t know how that’s his fault really. I mean he breathed on Giannis and got a foul call 
Officiating was really lame tonight. 
I had a hard time watching that in the arena. I thought it brought us down instead of lifting people's spirits. 
whos cutting onions?
When I heard him say that, I was like, “How could Harlan KNOW that?”

Then I thought... oh.  It must be so bad that it’s obvious.  Oh No. 

And then I saw. 
The refs fucked the Celtics with those ticky-tack calls on Jaylen. I think he would actually be leading the team in scoring if he didn't have to sit so long because of foul trouble. Fucking refs. I suppose it's illegal to breathe on Giannis now or to hawk the ball against Brogdon. 
can't wait to see the overreactions from this game
Dellevadouchebag is such a dirty little fuck 
Brown and Tatum are now known as The Gruesome Twosome  
So Tatum is a fucking legit rebounder
can you imagine this team in jan?

filthy
if Greg Monroe could play every game vs. the Celtics he would be the GOAT
[Jaylen throwing down the casual dunk in traffic.](https://streamable.com/2emai)
Henson's just mad he'll be bald before he hits 30.
Still crazy how Kyrie Irving is shooting 3s in the green + white
We perform marginally worse when they go to that terrible camera shot so maybe we should stop going to that camera shot 
CALL THE FUCKING FOUL REF. BIG DICK TATUM COMIN THROUGH
Jaylen is literally disgusting
Watching jaylen brown is like watching a game within a game
This Jaylen Brown kid looks an awful lot like a GOAT
Jaylen Brown is the fucking goat don't @ me
I hate blaming the refs, but god damn. They have given the Bucks like 10FTs and took Jaylen out.
I've always hated delladova
Down by 6 with 10 missed FTs :/
#FUCK THAT CALL
Just let Giannis shoot. Give him 5 fucking feet. If he can't get to the paint he can't do shit
yo if IT carries the ball on his carries Giannis just carried the fuck out of the ball there
The refs are destroying this game in every way for fucks sake let them play
Every bucks game, we get destroyed by Monroe, Middleton, and Giannis
Jesus let them fucking play
Middleton is ugly as fuck
Giannis is absolutely ridiculous, how do you stop him?  It's like Lebron all over again.
Oh my god everyone fucking stop y’all know start cold every year 
Fuck off refs 
0-2 fuck
Gordon in the intro video </3 :(
Terry is so fucking improved 
fuck yeah celtics fans, chant that mans name
Move the fucking seats back btw
How the fuck was that a foul
have you guys noticed how Marcus 3pt shooting form has been reverting this game
Fuck these refs. Unreal
Giannis is impossible to stop 
That might have been the worst offensive possession the history of the NBA.

Seriously Kyrie move the fucking ball.
Brown got fucked over so hard tonight 
HOLY SHIT WHAT A BULLSHIT SOFT ASS CALL ON JAYLEN FUCK OFF YOU SHIT FUCK REFS
Fuck these refs
this game was frustrating
Dellavedova arm bars Rozier, then Rozier gets all ball 

What a fucking joke 
Kyrie doesn't have his legs under him yet ... Give him a break EIGHTY FUCKING GAMES LEFT! 
Egyptian Kobe is in the game.
double dribble wtf refs is this preschool
Scary Terry
This games been so fucking sloppy
Dellavadova is dirty as shit, who would have guessed!
Theis a player in the game!
God those Harley patches are so ugly
Is it just me or is Brad doing weird shit with minutes?  Not complaining
JAYLEN and Jayson will nature faster than usually rookies 2 year for development
These fucking refs 
These refs are fucking trash
Thats not a foul, holy fuck these refs fucking suck.
I swear these refs hate Jaylen 
MARCUS WET AS FUCK NOW
hOW CAN YOU NOT LOVE KYRIE
Kyrie really getting doubled on every pick feels bad man
Our offense is lookin reaaaaaaaaaaaal bad
Kyrie is ice cold tonight 
We are playing so much worse than yesterday
The end of this game was extremely disappointing 
The refs are fucking up a decent amount, but we're also shooting ourselves in the foot EVERY FUCKING POSSESSSION, absolutely terrible half court offense sets, no rhythm, so many hero ball shots...
kyrie is showing all of his worst tendencies this game
THATS A FUCKING BLOCK

#JAYLEN

#FUCKING

#BROWN
Jaylen is a fucking beast. He's not taking prisoners.
FUCK YEAH MARCUS
WTF are these refs doing 
#FUCK JOHN HENSON YOU BITCH
JAYLEN crazy
Take back what I said about them being bad on both sides. Celtics can’t even make minor contact 
Smart's shooting is still awful.

Kid there is a reason why they leave you wide open every trip down.

Stop shooting.
Get these trash ass fucking refs out of the league!
FUCK YEAH HORF
Wtf are these fouls?
What's happened to Teletovic? He's fucking fat now. 
When the shot clocks running out the ball needs to get to Tatum,  that's his game. 
Kyrie is looking terrible. 5-17 from the field
Giannis has made 4 BLATANT fouls and each time his reaction was "WHAT ME????"
What the fuck is kyrie doing 
Stop playing fucking hero ball Kyrie
HE FUCKING SLID WITH THE BALL
Brick after brick from Kyrie. What the fuck....
Kyrie looks atrocious. Al is playing like garbage. 
I'm just not looking forward to all the hot takes about Kyrie after one bad shooter night
Terrible D by Kyrie there.
Whew. We needed those two scores BAD.
We don't fucking get a call our way. Fucking refs.
You blind karnts...call a foul!!
fuck the refs
Poor brown. What can you even do?
hated that decision by kyrie to force a 3 while being double teamed. :/
We blew the fucking game. Gona be a long season and im pissed even though its game 2
fucking refs won this game 
These refs are actually fucking terrible
Marcus has been absolutely terrible on offense bad shots bad passes.
Oh my god. Fuck I need to take a walk
Gordon is the fucking man
I'm not crying...you're crying!
that was not a foul agaist jaylen. ref have been bad
"One step at a time for Gordon right now" ..... too cruel
nader is not very good
Terry looks scary as ever, bitch.
Not liking Nader, but you gotta experiment with Mad Scientist Brad
scary terry is the bawlz, there's no other reason why
Baynes was diving with sharks, who's surprised? He's a 7'0 monster of a man, sharks were probably afraid of him
I hate Delly for some reason
#FUCK DELLAVADOVA YOU PUSSY ASS BITCH WITH YOUR BEAVER TEETH
wtf???
Mike Theison is in the game.   We're gonna bust some jaws.
damn Marcus elbowed the FUCK out of delly on the way up for that shot LMAOO
I'm not sure if Henson is bad at basketball, but he's definitely stupid at basketball.
Holy shit Jaylen chill the fuck
This Bucks team has ridiculous length.
Giannis is seriously a freak. It’s like someone turned all the sliders all the way up in a video game. 
What the fuck is wrong with these officials and why are they only making these trash calls against us?
2 nights in a row we are having foul troubles. Is it hate Boston year? 
STOP. JUMPING. INTO. VULNERABLE. PLAYERS.
jesus christ every time someone falls i'm gonna lowkey freak the fuck out now. 
I fucking hate these refs
We're GOING TO THE GAME
We got this game
FUCK ARONS SHOT IS AUTOMATIC FROM THERE
I would fuck Gordon Hayward's hair 
The turnovers are so pathetic. 
I guess it's Marcus time?  Piss poor shot selection but whatever...
Our guys look exhausted.
Jaylen out of the game
FUCK THE REFS
He's pulling on Jaylens jersey what the fuck?!?
Jaylen’s getting fucked by the refs
Dellevadova with the dagger hahahahahahaha fucking kill me
OH FUCK YOU DELLY
Ugh. Disappointing to let Delly sink a dagger against us. 0-2 staring us in the face. *sigh*
I don't care if Kyrie shoots 0/50, give him the ball and keep it the fuck away from Marcus
Greek Salad had his way with us. Feels bad man.
FUCK COME ON 
smdh

fucking refball
These refs have been fuckin horrible.
this game sucks camel dicks 
I hate all the hype behind the Bucks. Can't wait to shut them up next time we see them
Dellavadova has the ugliest fucking shot 
Refs were the bucks MVP, fuck this game...
Nader is so fucking slow
The spacing is so bad right now
:'(
I'm tearing up bro.....fuck man!!! :(
Bucks about to get fucked up
I am gonna fucking cry
I actually was just cutting onions. I swear 
fuck that got me feeling all sort of ways
Im crying! God bless you gordon!
wtf is going on?
That's dumb. If anything the foul is before the shot blow my ass ref
fuck off refs
Tatum is DIRTY going to the basket in transition 
yo keep going at alphabetsoup take him out of this game on fouls
I'm telling you all, Jaylen is going to be a fucking god this year. Not even circlejerking.
It's weird watching this season with my expectations recalibrated already. 
fucking marcus on the ground made me shit my pants

NOBODY IN WHITE IS ALLOWED TO HIT THE DECK TONIGHT GOT IT???
Holy fuck Jaylen 
TERRY IS REAL, BE AFRAID 
#SCARY
#SCARY TERRY IS WET
SCARY MOTHERFUCKIN TERRY BITCH
SCARY TERRY
What a weak call
John Henson is one ugly fucker 
dellavadova was throwing elbows again earlier, dirty ass player
Brad with the questionable rotations. Theis and Yabusele should be playing over Nader (cherry picked dunk notwithstanding) He's hot garbage defensively. IT levels of bad. Truly a liability out there. 
What the fuck is that call 
Dirty Delly strikes again
FUCK THESE FUCKING REFS
What the fuck. And they reviewed that and came to that conclusion. Fuck these refs and fuck the Bucks. LET'S GO
Sorry we missed the call where the guy hit you with a cheap shot, but you get a tech for being mad about.
Can we have Semi go in there and just elbow Dellavedova in the face?

Get thrown out 3 seconds in the game, I don't care, send a fucking message.
Last night we got Angry Al.

Tonight it's Angry Marcus.
Fuck Henson
Fuck this Henson guy
worse hairline: henson or lebron?????????????
That fucking hang time. My god. 
Be afraid. Be very afraid
my fucking sister just came in here and put on FUCKING RIVERDALE should i kill myself now or later
SCARY TERRYYY
Not loving the iso-ball from Kyrie.
Fuck off refs let them play.
fuck Giannis is unstoppable
oh my fucking god
Motherfucker two nights in a row edit nvm thought it was worse
I said we need to be careful with the lobs people get mad. This is getting ridiculous, they barely call the fouls anyway  
Pass the fucking ball Marcus
Refs are ruining the flow of this game
Thon Maker has his ugly ass arms wrapped around our players all the time
Bucks just can't fucking miss
Jaylen is MIP fuck y’all 
Ugh fuck these Jaylen fouls
Could these fucking refs be any softer? Jesus christ
These fouls are so fucking annoying 
Smart is throwing some terrible passes tonight
Anorexic Marcus is the one thats going to be the knock down shooter... that was so ugly.
FUCKING JAYLEN
Why do our point guards feel the need to dibble the clock down and jack up awful shots on every possession?
SCARY TERRY
We are really not taking a lot of high % shots. Lotta bad looks
ABC. That lob was sick.
Kyrie has been really disappointing tonight...
God kyrie been bad tonight 
FUCKING TURNOVERS
Kyrie knows he is having a rough game
fucking come on
Our entry passes have been awful tonight.
Holy fuck, no one's moving.
Fucking horrific offense 
This Giannis foul shit is so stupid
Not a great game by Kyrie...
Some bad plays rn
Fuck it run the offense through horford
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE OFFENSE
It's crazy our only hope is Jaylen at this point 
Are you fucking kidding me
Are you fucking kidding me refs.
FUCK
I fucking hate these refs
Fake news
Fuck the superstar calls
These 

Fucking

Refs,

man. 
Stealing this game away
Fucking hate delly
AFK cutting myself 
FUCK
Can’t believe Delly of all people iced this game. Fucking A
This offense was reallllly uncomfortable to watch tonight.
Fuckin dellavadova hitting a dagger? Fuck this
so when do all 29 teams sacrifice their #2 option in a sign of solidarity with Gordon? twitter prayers aren't going to cut it im afraid
Fuck Delly
Keep playing hard Marcus
Offense looks bad
This is the first time I actually like the Celtics dancers. Fuck you America, I don't wanna like your tradition n shit :(
This game is 100% on Kyrie
These refs have been so bad tonight for both teams. 
Call me crazy but I think jaylen outperforms Giannis today
T-Ro will step up this game, spaghetti sandwiches FTW!
CELTIC PRIDE THERES ONLY ROOM ENOUGH IN BOSTON FOR ONE COLOR GREEN SORRY GREEKY. LOVE YOU GORDO GET WELL SOON SO YOU CAN RAISE 18 JAYLEN BROWN BEATS RONDO AT CONNECT 4 IRVING DISCOVERS QUANTUM MECHANICS AL GETS MAD BAYNES DAD DICKS EVERYONE FUCK THEM ALL WE'RE THE CELTICS FLAIR UP CAPS ON LETS FUCKING GO
i miss gordon :(
The length of the Bucks is RIDICULOUS
God I hate the superstar calls
The fuck kyrie
Slow Start for the boyz
Get mad big Al. You gotta eat big dog.
Wtf happened to Jabari?
Big Al is scary out there. 
Tatum is ROY two games in
Kyrie with the poor shot selections
Dirty!
A shot as terrible as Dellavedova's is should really never go in lmao
fuck yes JAYLEN
Kyrie gonna make me have to take a shower. So dirty. 
Scary terry lookin real wavy, making me sea sick
Tito float game 
This team will be nasty in two years. So so young, it’s crazy.
Yo anyone know what channel I can find the game on? I'm in Boston 
Not looking terrible, but gotta start working in the system. Feels like we're relying a lot on individual players rather than team effort
See Jaylen's layup misses NEVER look like that Scary Terry III miss....UGH
WTF
Fuck the Bucks!!!
Common foul...?  
Weak
Fuck the refs. Damn.
WTF SERIOUSLY 
what the fuck
Let's fucking goooii
Fuck that call
Shocking decision 
#FUCK JOHN HENSON
"let's bring that to the Supreme Court, that we may not get the answer till June" 

what a fucking line 
So, players get a suspension for coming off the bench as a reaction and to stop escalation. But a player who reacts violently and escalates the situation doesn't get anything? That's literally hypocritical
I have a feeling this year is going to be like 15-16. All the games are going to be close and we will around 50ish games in the weak East
Aw man :(
thats a fucking kick ball fuck these refs
Tommy is ontop of his game
Jesus the refs have just made this game so bad on both sides. Can’t get even a few minutes of uninterrupted basketball 
its been one hour and we are not even half way through the 2nd quarter... ref wtf
SCARY TERRY BITCH
This team has a legitimate fucking problem with finishing layups 
Scary terry is money 😃
Serious question:. What else should we be doing in the paint to be guarding  all these shots that keep going?
Man the Bucks dont fuck around
Can we fucking start decking them now?????? Stop being softies for fuck sake
their team is so long wtf
Scary seeing guys go down at the rim these days
that poor lady omfg
Sick pass
Holy Fuck Go Kyrie 
Two man game with Al and Kyrie is all we should run!
fucking refs interrupting every 5 seconds
Fuck off all these shit fouls on Jaylen are pissing me off.

Fucking where
I guess defense isn’t allowed this game 
Kyries missing a lot of shots he would usually make 
Kyrie is 5/17 :/

That should improve
Jeez this game is so tense
God this is fucking garbage
Not good
We re playing so fuckin bad
Come on, got to stop the stupid turnovers.
it's sad watching this offense
god dammit this is so frustrating
Fuck that sequence 
Jesus Kyrie is having a rough game
Kyrie is shooting poor 
Something is wrong with Kyrie
This team cannot shoot holy fuck
FUCK YEAH TATUM
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO!
weak foul
These are some weak ass fouls man...
Seriously what the fuck is this reffing?
Fuck
BAD CALL
Fucking bullshit
How the fuck is that a foul on Jaylen. 3 of his fouls were no calls/offensive fouls tonight.
Game :/
Giannis getting treated like KD from the game 7 years ago when KG came out calling the refs babying KD like Jordan
well this sucks
can’t even fucking touch the bucks without a call
Fucking hell
Kyrie has been awful in this game.  Really really fucking bad.    7-25 shooting.  I miss Thomas.
Pathetic display, im seriously worried about this team
smart and kyrie both look like they're in discomfort :(
I fucking hate Henson 
We all ignoring how bad Kyrie is playing tonight?
Fuck this game. Refs have force fed us both Ls this year.
SWALLOW THE FUCKING WHISTLE. AND GO AHEAD AND DIE WHILE YOU'RE AT IT.
Not gonna lie. Kyrie looks like dog shit in this game.  King in the 4th would have won Game 1 for us too.  
way to fucking fold boys
Our offense is as stale as ive ever seen
That nike commercial is so fucking obnoxious
Why couldn't IT just have been 6 inches taller :(
We are going to be bad
Sorry but that's a flop.
Seriously, fuck this season.

I'm already done with it.
Fuck I miss him
Parity would be gone, Giannis would be broken. 
Little cheesy at the end there but I agree 100%.
Seriously. We have no flow, no movement. Jaylen is playing timid with 5 fouls
I mean he's 6/22, he deserves at least some blame
I’m with you. Dudes adjusting to our system.  It’s game 2, people need to chill.  
Seriously.  It's game 2 
Stupid people 
Would hate to play them in the playoffs 
Your backwards stats just fucked me up for a minute. I was like, how did I miss his 17 assists? 
I cringed so hard reading this thread down the stretch. 
They ain't even in the game threads smh
They do this EVERY FUCKING TIME

It's annoying
They have. He’s an unabashed homer. Not sure what they expect. 
"I can't believe this dude who's been with the Celtics for half of a century is biased for the Celtics!"
Dude is fucking unstoppable...so.long.
We could use some of that energy in the game thread!
It's because he's weird looking
Worst no call
People hated Jesus, too
You dirty bird.
Wtf do you mean? 
Couple bad plays. Kyrie just shot us out of the game.
Yeah we really haven't been given a chance in this one. It's insane we're keeping it as close as we are.
I mean smart was half the misses so... how the hell can a guard be so bad...
What selfish shit? You want selfish shit you talk to Marcus Smart
elbow was in his chest, shoulder hit his face, you have to be blind to think he got elbowed 
He has been in the corner all game
it's so stupid. Bad night by Kyrie? He's a bust, we better rebuild next year around another player!
It’s insane we open the season on a back to back and we had to travel. Terrible situation. 
Kyrie was pissed at his weak screen
I was just trying to figure that out.  Wtf??
What an overreaction to a first game, Tatum looked horrible his first half too
:(
he's yet to prove he can shoot in a real game. 
Sick I think. 
Christ it was one game
Jesus, that is stupid 
thought this said heinsohn for a sec and oooooooo boy i wouldve been mad
IT was always going to score. Whether he drew the contact, hit the crazy shot or something. Kyrie just doesn't get to the Ft line and I think it'll show
You can’t blame a game on one player
Well Tommy has seen every single Celtics game ever so yeah 
Fuck you. Tommy is a legend.
Hard to play defense when everything is a foul.
What the fuck
Jesus shut the fuck up it’s been two games
oh piss off you negative fuck
The fuck you talking about
I don't want any ads on jerseys and I wouldn't waste a wish on that, but the GE one is so tame I've actually grown to be thankful that's what we have. The Harley one would look awful on our unis. 
You shut the fuck up motherfucker.  I’ll be accepting no pussy ass bitches in Celtics game threads.  Morale is already low after the injury.  Chin up or chin out. 
You shouldn’t take tommy seriously. He’s every Celtics fan’s drunk uncle. 
It's a Boston broadcast, fuck off
Get out of here. You never speak bad things about the GOAT.
get to fuck
No one's making you listen to it you fucking bitch
Sorry your announcers don't like the Bucks like Tommy loves the Celtics
I mean they are Boston announcers
Get a grip dude. It's one game. 
Fuck off scum
# FUCK YOU
Can somebody ban this imbecile?
There is a reason you are commenting on a game thread and Brad is coaching a game. I'd like to see you coach this team after what happened last night. 
The half isn’t even fucking over and you are giving up
fucking shut up I hate you
So stupid when you literally see the refs let one team play and then call everything on the other team
I think ... I think I'm gonna be sick. 
I mean fuck all jersey ads, but those are just so god damn ugly.
I do! I played in college, and I play casual club over the summer for BUDA.

Used to coach too, I help out the my buddies HS team when I can
bad bot
Needs to sit down with him and explain that these stupid shots are not going to work in this offense.
fuck onions damn it
So you're telling me that he got elbowed and that I'm blind if I think he got elbowed
He's still a bad matchup for us given his size without bigs playing some real defense.
Nah, he did something to his leg on that weird passing turnover a couple minutes ago. He was grabbing it a bit.
But it gets way worse than this.
Ugly form. Just truly horrendous. Like worse than you can imagine. 
Plus GE is a New England company. Much worse things. Those Harley ads might be the worst in the league. I know GE has a ... checkered past, but fuck the Harley ones are ugly as fuck 
Semi on Giannis wasn't too bad, but Monroe just kills us
He hits them *just* enough for me not to scream about benching him to my dog, but still annoying.
Here's words: 


Can somebody ban this stupid ass imbecile that is doing nothing but trolling?
fuck the celtics is a r/nba meme, im in here because im watching the game, and i replied to you because you were parroting your homer broadcaster. 
“I’m tired of just getting a taste of him... I want the whole load”  -The Truth.

Side note, where the fuck is the game thread?
They're both former Kansas players, so it isn't that weird that he would like Embiid
We would still make the playoffs, East is bad 
Well that's just stupid
Bari Bird is walking through that door.

He might get spot minutes because of his length/height which will help defending against the Bucks' and their ridiculous length.
So what does that mean? Any ligament damage?
Absofuckinglutely. Let’s pray that we don’t rush him (I’d be shocked if we would). This team is set to dominate long term which is why we traded for Kyrie.
Oh my God it could have been SO much worse. No ligament damage is almost miraculous for how bad that looked.
Well that's what seems to be the case. We dodged a bullet here, could've been way worse with all those tendons and stuff in the ankle area
Of course they expect a full recovery, what else is Brad supposed to say? "We're expecting Gordon to come back severely diminished athletically and he may never be the same again." Come on C's, every fan has done stupid research on ankle injuries at this point. We wanna know about ligaments and tendons dude. TELL ME ABOUT GORDON'S TENDONS :(
wtf i thought he already had surg. maybe that was all fake news 
That's not what he said. When that came out, Brad had Marcus as a starter in a preseason game and then he was out before game time. People were wondering why that happened and Marcus said that he wanted to make that game time decision for Brad because he was uncertain. It wasn't a season-long decision he made. Above all else, he'll do what Brad wants because he trusts him. 
Idk if this is a weird request, but can anyone going to the game and going to sign the card also put ''Get well Gordon'' -from jtiss, or even just from /r/bostonceltics? Living on the otherside of the world, I can't be at the game to do so myself.
Not me doing it, it was in an email from the Celtics. I just thought I would spread the word as not everyone going to the game will get the email.
Brad unable to update on a timetable or if any ligament damage. Just confirming fractured tibia and dislocated ankle. 
Just hasnt sunk in yet :(
Do not do LSD for the first time if you're in a bad head-space. 
Really? I've had that sinking feeling all day :(
Which surgery at butler? He wasn't injured in college. Does he mean the surgery on Paul George in Indiana? 
Some of y'all are really fucking annoying. Go somewhere else with your moping.
Baseless statement. Looking bad has no correlation to actual severity of the injury. He'll probably have an easier recovery from this than an ACL tear in all honesty. Quit bitching and do some fact finding.
Probably face some serious charges there also
Oh fuck I didn't need to read that.
False. Worst case scenario: he ded. 
Bro I'm the sad one, yet you took time out of your life to go through my post history. 
Yes. Yes you are the sad one.
Quit being a bummer, it's really annoying.
The amount of star athletes out for the season/long periods this year is crazy 
Idk why but these tweets are always meaningless to me unless they come from someone like George, Edelman, watt or Kobe aka players who have had career threatening injuries before
fuck i forgot about edelman, thats my boy too
Tough year for Boston sports injuries...
Is this a rip off of Razor Ramon's bad times don't last, bad guys do? Or this this from something else preceding it? 
fuck off with this pseudo-motivational bullshit. 

Hayward isn't going to just give up on basketball because he broke his leg. give me a fucking break. 
House rules says Injuries and Fatigue must stay on :(
A tad out there? The guy is a fucking nutjob
Nope. Don't see how Baynes will be an offensive spark in the game the way KO was. Overall, KOs impact on the game will outweigh the impact Baynes will bring,
So unbelievably sad. At least Gordon got his pay day. I hope his ligament damage doesn’t cause him chronic pain.
Neither do I. Hope he can be a serviceable bench player in a season or two. Wouldn’t be shocked if he’s just... done. Remarkably sad for Gordon and the organization.
Perusing this sub because Butler fan/Brad/Gordon fangirl, and WTF, you are a dreary bunch. Less than 24 hours after the injury and you hope he can become a serviceable role player? That's putting the cart wayyyyyyyyyyy before the horse. At the very least, wait to see what a doctor says. Even then, wait to see how the treatments go. No one has any idea what his outlook is.
He got 6 fouls and aint afraid to use em
Listening to him talk about how he lost explosiveness and is "less bouncy" just makes me so sad. I'm trying not to cry at work guys. I'm trying real, real, real hard
Fuck this post.
And angry Al Horford! 
Slow start but that’s alright 
And yet his 3 point percentage was terrible. Yes, but how many of those shots were due to athleticism, and not skill? If you took away his athleticism, he have terrible stats. Did you not also recognize those deficiencies when he was playing?
Hey guess what? You don't have to send one. I just dropped my get well letter in the mail though. It took me all of 15 minutes.

Maybe he'll see it, maybe he won't. But maybe he will and it'll lift his spirits a bit. Just wanted to let him know how grateful we were that he came here and how we'll continue to be grateful no matter what, and all of C's nation is behind him.
People keep writing about the most optimistic possibility.  There's a chance Hayward never plays baskeball again.  It was a horrific injury. 
Hmm...fuck no. I want Cleveland to be miserable forever.
Nope. 

Not low key gonna root for Lebron James. Idc if Larry bird was on that team. I fucking hate Lebron. Also hate their dumb owner and his comic sans letter. 

I'll always be a fan of IT and Crowder. They were true Boston Celtics and represent the grit that this city is all about. 

But I wouldn't be sad if they went 1-81 


Fuck the Cavs, fuck Lebron. I'd rather the Warriors get another championship than Lebron and his bitch ass get another one.
Fuck.  No.  I will never root for a Lebron led team even if my mom was playing on the same roster.  

Fuck Lebron.  Fuck Crowder.  The Cleveland Cunts will never be rooted for.
No. I think of all the teams in the East other than the Celtics I am rooting for the Nets. Cause FUCK Cleveland.
Fuck Cleveland. Fuck LeBron.
Fuck lebron take my downvote
Never rooting for Cleveland. Fuck that team and organization.
FUCK THE CAVS AND THE HABS
Fuck you buddy.
Fuuuuck that. Lakers fans are annoying as fuck even as one of the worst teams in the league, they would be 10x worse if they won it all. 
You're seriously rooting for a team with LeBron and Wade?
But fuck Lebron
Hey if we take them on fuck Cleveland 100 times out of 100 I'm with you. If they play almost any other of the 28 other teams in the association though, I'm rooting for Bron and the little guy
Exactly. And as if I didn't already hate the Cavs enough, they go out and add Wade? Fuck no. I hope they crash and burn this season and every season going forward. A Celtics fan rooting for this Cavs team is baffling to me. 
Respect. Hate the Lakers, but Kobe was and is a legend. Tireless work ethic. Appreciate his message.
He's a fucking poet
Have to say I'm liking Kobe's retirement transition into some sort of weird NBA guru who just supports everybody
Used to say fuck Kobe when I was younger, now I'd say I'm a fan of him. Fuck lebron though and that's forever.
Fuck Kobe and his stupid fucking hashtag 
I hate Kobe but damn do i respect that man
My guy Kobe the man. It was sad to see that injury last night and my prayers are with Gordon and his fam. 
I'm not sure about that. Kobe typically just played through the injuries instead of coming back. He was one tough mofo.
he's a fucking brand. Give me a break
It’s just impossible to still hate him. Seems like he’s worked and helped improve almost every player in the league in one way or another.
This is the shit that separates our rivalry with everyone else's. Fuck the Lakers, but you gotta have the Lakers to have the Celtics. And you gotta have the Celtics to have the Lakers.
My point is that this is crass. It's a tweet. A BRANDED tweet, for christ sakes. Kobe is using Gordon's broken leg (not to mention his likeness) to sell merch. It sucks. If he wanted to give the guy some personal advice he could call him on the phone or send a note.
but his hair is green!
he won't get 36 minutes a game. 
I fucking feel you man
thank u, ill take the downvotes but espn is shitty enough, only gets shittier when people complain about pointless crap like this
verb

1.

argue about (a subject), usually in a formal manner.


Serious Kyrie bid for MVP 
What does the eye and the triangle mean though. Looks like some National Treasure shit.
Scary terry DPOY, breaks NBA record for Steals off the bench. 
Crowder's always like that. I think Al was just stepping up (as usual) and trying to rally the team's spirits. It worked.
Check out footage of kyrie and lebron after the buzzer. Horford and Crowder are in the frame, I was expecting them to get together at the end of the game. Didn't happen, Al just walked away. :(
i think al did it on purpose. The team was rightfully shell shocked by gordon’s injury, he kinda shifted the emphasis from that back to the game
Ron fucking Baker!?
So 538 expects us to miss the playoffs? Disappointing - in 538. Where can I bet on their 37-win line?
If your metric is showing that Jaylen Brown makes as much an impact in a game as Ron Baker, your metric is very flawed. 
Reread your original comment and get back to me about 'out of nowhere.' Sorry if I made you feel stupid- that wasn't my intention. Go Celtics. 
Please somehow be not too bad
Tatum did get buckets but it's gonna be a while into the season before we see that every game. I'd say he's a 3/4 option until post ASG
Your comment history is so sad 
Could end up being a blessing in disguise but still hate to see it happen
Evil Jae
Question, was your foot pointing the wrong direction?
I have a hard time believing he has no ligament damage. 
Yeah, one of the worst seasons to lose since most guys peak around 25 and he is already 27. That has to sting for him. 
I can confirm- 

I posted earlier  but I had a greenstick fracture of the tibia and a severely sprained ankle (no tears) and the ankle was still fucked when I got into the walking boot. 
Bad finger, tired shaky fingers from weed whacking past 6 months  sorry for down vote.
Agree 100%, I think it just hinges on whether Hayward can indeed come back 100% with no inhibitions and the same burst and cutting ability he had before. Paul George came back fully from a similarly gruesome injury but there have been players who have not, like Grant Hill and Kevin Ware. 

If Hayward is back to being a max guy, then this team will be one to be reckoned with in the future. 
We did give up some offensive rebounds to the cavs because of bad positioning
Jaylen has some crazy hang time mid air, it looks like he has ton of time to adjust to defense
It's one of those terrible things you don't want to believe actually happened but it did and you have to move on.
I'm a Jazz fan and I still can't believe it happened. I know there's a lot of hate between our fan bases but I hope you guys make it through this and Hayward comes back stronger.
:'(
What do you mean about being in the locker room this AM? In Boston? Why was Hayward in a locker room, for MRI/ct? IT is the man.
His impact to time spent with us is crazy 
Yeah, its honestly sad to watch. Feels like this team grew into a family in 2016. But hey, gotta do what u gotta do to get Banner 18
I typed in am by accident the corrected it. I am sorry you're getting Downvoted for it =\
You're an idiot.
mediocre bot
If "coming out of the East" means getting to the Finals, that's not a hot take.  
  
If it means getting to the play-offs, that's a silly take.
What difference does losing an all-star wing to a broken ankle make? I can't tell if you're serious or not...
Prayers for Gordon.

Horrific injury could barely even glance at it...
Oh my god. I'm just going to vent. I missed the game due to meetings but a bunch of our exercise science students (I work at a university) were screeching about gordon hayward's injury - so that got ruined for me (as I'd planned to watch the game after work) and with it my day. THEN I had my semi finals game tonight and our centre went down with a dislocated finger in the opening minutes when we were up 10-0. 2 minutes later our point guard goes down. Lost the game in the end with no subs on the bench. 

All in all today sucked. I hope Gordon's injury isn't nearly as bad as it looked and he gets relieved of bath time duty for at least the rest of the year and makes a full and healthy recovery in whatever timeframe that requires. Injuries fucking suck. 

meshu's terrible, horrible, very bad, no good day. :( 
I tried to have a nap this arvo after the game, and whenever I closed my eyes I just saw Gordon there writhing in pain with his ankle broken.
It was a dirty play.. really wish the media would stop dick riding NBA players and call it as they see them.. This was as dirty as the ZaZa play.
:(
We have another game today, I think.
Is there a way to watch this game again? I’m trying to look it up on tnt or nbcsn or something and can’t find it. Any help?
WE ARE LITERALLY THE WORST TEAM IN THE EAST RIGHT NOW \#HOTTAKE
* Gordon :(
* Jaylen +++
* Jayson ++
* Smart -
* Rozier +
I mean all of this sucks really bad but I guess from an optimistic stand point, Jaylen and Jayson will really develop now. 
I mean who knows if that play even happens then. Kyrie was the one throwing the lobby and Crowder was the one defending. 
>Jaylen with the game of his life

That's not even gonna be the game of his month when it's all said and done
Anyone notice that we got a smart-rozier-larkin front court at one point? Brad is still crazy AF
I felt like I was in that huddle in shock with the rest of them when the camera hung on them for a while. The moment was so surreal. Such a horrible experience for everybody. Not sure any of us will ever forget that.
I wanna see Reggie on his back looking back in anger like "OH BITCH YOU FUCKED UP IM GONNA oh wait I'm too old now"
not all game, he should have taken that shot at the end but passed it twice.  
my plan was to try to go to 1 game a month. yesterday i was kinda over it but i still wanna support the boys so i'm gonna try and do it anyway. 
Baynes might have a tough matchup, but I agree with giving him the Amir treatment. Either way, somebody is going to be mismatched by Giannis
This is just for everyone that thinks Jae did the intentionally or this was a dirty play. This was a normal basketball play, he challenged the pop. It just ended up being a freak accident. You could tell how shocked Crowder was after the injury. I really hope people don't blame Jae for this. 
Seeing the play in slow motion annoys me...Crowder got beat by Hayward on the cut, I feel like he didn't need to back his ass into him...not saying it was intentional, just feel it was unnecessary by Crowder...who knows, maybe I'm just being biased.
The camera panning over to Jae's reaction while Hayward was writhing in pain on the court told me everything I need to know about Jae Crowder. He can fuck off with his post-game prayers.
dont think he meant to hurt him tha tbad, but it was a dirty play a la ZaZa.
Unfortunately I had seen a few comments suggest this
A Sherrie Blakey tried to insinuate that there was, which was annoying. 
Hate is hate. They hate us now
Well thought out response and I like the explanations. However I'm going to have to disagree about this not being a dangerous foul. Hitting someones lower part of the body while they are at the apex of their jump is extremely dangerous. The contact made with lebron made it even more so, but even without this, this is borderline table topping someone.
Boi you dumb
Unfortunately there are many people without brains. Reading the twitter replies on his post are the worst.
Stop posting... you’re drunk... at 7:30 in the morning.
was waiting to grab a ticket before buying the plane one...

fucking scalpers
There is. Make Stubhub illegal.
Horford pulled me out of my depressed slump.  I saw him getting pissed off, then I saw him hit Jaylen with an assist, and I chinned the fuck up.
Angry Al shows up when we need a boost, just like you said. His tenacity and scrappiness made every other Celtic ball out 
CROWDER UNDERCUT HAYWARD.  CHEAP FUCKING MOVE AFTER HE GOT BEAT.  BAD KARMA TO CROWDER AND THE CAVS
I don't know how to handle that devastating shit if ever. 😭😭
We gotta keep one of Tatum or brown which seems very unlikely but that's the only way I would do it if I'm ainge 
Yeah it was pathetic that his ego couldn't handle being dunked on so he wouldn't even try to defend it. Sad. 
It was a combination of Hayward going up???  Please, go fucking watch it again.  As soon as hayward is in the air crowder throws his body into him cuz he got beat and couldn't challenge hayward for the ball.  ANYONE who has ever played basketball on any level knows that is an undercut and you get your fucking ass kicked if you try and do that. Thats how you hurt players and look what fucking happened.   
One injury makes us deprived of wings? You're saying we were short on them to begin with than. And that's wrong. Stupid people I swear
*then

Stupid people, I swear...
Not much more valuable. Hard to see them being worse than a 4 seed in the East
Making a grammatical error doesn't make you inherently stupid. His meaning is still the same regardless if he spelled it right. You are the stupid one in this scenario my man.
Cause this isn't English class and it's pretty pathetic when one resorts to correcting another's grammar during a debate/argument 
haha thats pathetic. 
>to

*wooooosh*

Also I didn't see that the guy above you called someone an idiot first, I thought it was just you being a dink, so of course that doesn't make you stupid.
We got an 8.9 million to use now.  Who we use it on is a guessing game.
I would like a big man, but wouldn't be disappointed with Monta Ellis.
Who knows maybe it's not as bad as it looked. Maybe he will be back in 8 weeks....
They did the same with IT and they were all wrong 
Yea can someone gif that move with the missed dunk.. was nasty 
I'm still crying, I'll say thank you when I'm done, sorry
Here I am a Cavs fan but I am the biggest Hayward fan imaginable. I am fucking devastated. 
There's always gonna be a few of those. When Randle went down with a broken leg I chuckled inside and then hated myself for it. I guess when you hate somebody your initial reaction can be justified as long as you give it a rational thought and do the right thing
I'm mean Tatum had 14 and 10 in his first game. Don't think you can call it a bad night 
Hoping this accelerates the growth of tatum and brown. 

Hoping we find an unexpected source of offense now that gordon is gone. 

Maybe somebody we didn't see coming bursts onto the scene and develops into a legitimate player. 

Before the injury i would've been mad if we didn't at least make the ecf. Now with the injury im just gonna watch and take whatever record we finish with. 
Sad. Idk if we can make it to the ECF or get the number 1 seed. Idk anymore 
Not ideal, but I guess I can settle for this...
Just looked at the injury again, and there's no way Hayward returns this season, and probably not the start of the next. Jae really fucked us with that hip check.
Yeah, let's hope. Hearing chatter GH is out for season and they fear it may be worse than that. This is just terrible :/
Bruh we don't even have the MRI result yet, all these speculation of when he can come back are meaningless 
I was watching the game on my laptop, had to get up to go to uni, and in the ~30 seconds between me getting up and checking my phone in the car it all happened. I thought the post on r/NBA was a joke, just unbelievable
I called out of work today to watch the game. Day ruined in less that 6 minutes. 
This is outrageous. It's unfair. 
Seriously dude who posts stuff like this ?? 
Cavs roster is ridiculous.  

Jeff Green drove us crazy for years with his inconsistency - *but we didn’t have him slotted in as the 9th man*.
Thanks man. It was awful to watch but I'm thankful G will likely be back to 100% in the future. With all due respect though, our "stupid young team" isn't gonna wait 3 years to rule the NBA, and almost beat Cleveland @ The Q after a quarter of shell shock. We're coming for that #1 spot. 
So edgy
I wish it was just my night, I feel like the rest of the year has been ruined. But god damn if I don't believe our young guys going to put on a fucking show regardless. 
Hearing chatter it's a season ending injury :/ 
Isn't it too expensive? Like because he has the max, is that why they didn't offer MS an extension or sth? 
Ah my bad I wasn’t up to speed on his injury all I had seen was the fractured tibia with no ligament damage
Fucking legend
I‘m crying!!!!
BILL RUSSELL HAS A FUCKING TWITTER?!?!
The fucking legend!!
Fucking goat
Can’t be mad at the guy. He never won a title so he doesn’t know what it really takes to get there.
Shockingly, this Heat fan doesn't have the same reverence for the GOAT as we do. Probably still thinks Lebron is on their team.
The east is terrible I say 50 still tbh 
there is no god :(
i hate crowder, he was such a douche out there
It was LeBron, Crowder might've gotten him a little, but Bron bumped him.  

Edit: it wasn't a dirty play, just unfortunate. I hate LeBron, but even I can't justify calling that one dirty. 
Fuck that dude. He was stuck coming off the bench in Dallas. Boston made him known.
He was a fake tough guy in Boston too. At least for the last 2 years.

Lots of people had that opinion when he was here.
He was a fake tough guy here pulling the same bs 
Na Jaylen bout to score 25 a game.... ^^pls ^^jaylen
Fuck Crowder.
Nah, trash talk is a part of the game. Crowder is a competitor and I gotta respect it
Crowder is dirty and has been long overrated. His talk game is well above his skill level. He also undercut Hayward and gave him no landing space. He's dirty. Fuck Crowder. 
Fuck it will take him 
I heard they got him for like mid level maybe I’m wrong ? 
CAN ANYONE SEND HIM A GET WELL POTATO? I'm in Europe so it will be get well gooo if I send it:(
No idea.... I have zero ideas. I hope somebody does :(.
Fuck that guy for including the Hayward clip
I mean, Jaylen scored so there was literally a 100% chance it would be in there...
It was completely unnecessary. 

EDIT: I guess a highlight reel of Jaylen Brown HAD to include an extended clip of Hayward's injury. 
Yeah it was unnecessary, but I sort of get it from a strict "Highlights" definition standpoint
If there is ligament damage he's done for the season sadly. 
Yeah I wouldn’t want o get my hopes up. It can be depressing if untrue
Yes that's all it is at this point by him and all medical professionals making comments on it.  If he has any ligaments damage very very doubtful he comes back.  This year. With how his ankle was I would be pleasantly surprised if there is no Ligament damage. 
We just gotta prepare for the worst. In the meantime, Jaylen and Jayson can continue their ascension, and make this team championship caliber when Hayward comes back.
I read this as if Gordon told this to Brad while he was lying on the floor.

Like Brad walked up to him and Hayward looked up with his foot going in the wrong direction and said "yeah it's a dislocated ankle and a fractured tibia"

Wait .. fractured tibia ... isn't that a broken leg??
this is bad
noooooooooooooooooo. fuck. broken leg and ankle. my hopes are shot
Ya it's bad but it could been a lot worse
Yup, tibia is weight bearing which makes it worse than the fibula
We drafted diamonds for the past two years. Jaylen,Tatum.
Crazy that when Lebron signed with Miami Tatum was 12 years old
Joe Johnson for half a season!
Fracture Tibia is bad news
Yeah I thought it was his leg and figured dislocated ankle. that's a long recovery time for Gordon. Rehabbing that type of injury is very difficult I would be shocked if we saw him play again this season. If brad has the correct information. 
It's broken bone. As expected
What does it mean to reset, in this context? Seen a few people use this term 
When you pay someone 30 million dollars there is no timetable , period. Dump the season and do it properly or we are fucked for years to come.
if his ankle was broken fuckin sideways and theres no ligament damage, I don't know what to say.  heres hoping...
Fucking please
holy fuck, don't get my fucking hopes up
Thank fucking god. 
WTF? Is this worse than fracture?
Take our fucking energy Gordon 
What you are missing is a medical degree. Without that, you have no idea what 6-8 months should look like. The time to heal isn't based on how gruesome an injury was.
No lol
Tendons connect muscles to bones. Ligaments connect bones to bones and keep joints from bending the wrong way.
Of course it's lucrative. But having an MRI machine at the stadium would not improve their health in any way. They may have them - but seems silly. 
No doubt mri is the imaging needed but it is not an emergency. No reason you can't go to the nearby hospital. Would be a waste of money to have all the ppl needed to do an MRI sitting at every game. Can't just have any ole MD running an MRI
Well... that was a heartbreaking game in almost every imaginable way...
Hard to give a fuck about the actual game. I'm just so sad
I’m distraught 
Holy shit every time I see the replay I look for someone to blame.  I wanna be angry at Brad for calling some crazy alley oop for unathletic Hayward, or I wanna be angry with LeBron for giving him a hand check mid air and tangling him up.  But mostly I'm just really sad it happened to him / the team / his family / us Cs fans... :(
FUCK
Season is not over. Even without Hayward, these guys will be tough to beat. And Hayward could even come back late in the season.

This game brought the hype back.
Does anyone else have PTSD? i keep replaying Hayward's injury over and over again. Shit fucked me up
Jaylen missed 2 wide open 3's late in the game

Smart shooting like shit

We should have won this game!  The season is ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So borderline dirty play, but man, watching the play over and over again in slowmo...fuck you Crowder. I want to blame LeBron too, but I feel like that's Crowder.
Brutal opening night with Hayward going down, but we lost by 3 to a perennial finals team. Abby Chin up and fuck the Lakers.
Our defense tho holy shit. Fuck all the people who said we lost the heart and soul from our team. This team is built on grit
We have the worst behind us. One of the hardest games of Kyries career tonight, and Jayson Tatum legitimately had the hardest rookie opener you could have. 
Tough watching the highlights again and seeing no call on Lebrons travel, no foul on Tatum’s layup, wrong call on OOB with Bron.  All things that impacted the game at the end.
Packer + Celtic fan. The past three days have torn me to bits. 

J & J are patching me up piece by piece. 

(With the help of a Brad Stevens halftime speech)

kudos to Sherrod Blakely for being the only reporter with the balls to basically imply to crowder it was a dirty play.  Crowder was all smiles after the game too.
That game would've sucked even if we won.
Worst game imaginable, but still lots of positives to take out of the game.


It's awful for Gordon, but we didn't sign him to win this year. It's a long process and we all hope he can return so we can make a run in the next few years.
For a game that started out in the worst way possible, we came back and made it a game. I'll take it, lets go get the Bucks.
I just feel sad.
I mean it was devastating to see that injury and that quickly but my god Jaylen Brown HYPE and Tatum with the casual 14/10.
This fucking hurts so bad. I haven't felt this aweful since the 07 pats
If you are going to the game tomorrow make sure to make some fucking noise. Second of a back to back after travel and a tough loss and gruesome injury, the team needs some noise.
So....Jaylen Brown is nasty. Lots to like.
The Cavs are probably going to be average on defense so we can assume Brown will average over 20 points a game.
Banner18Boogie please cheer us up. :(
I shut the game off after Hayward went down, and came back around the 4th. Tragic injury and a terrible loss to have to endure, but so incredibly proud of this team for having serious heart and playing so hard for their guy. What a mix of emotions right now.

I'm running a half marathon in a couple weeks, but please

Hayward take my leg!
another tough game tmr, Go Celtics!!! #prayforhayward
[Why the fuck LeBron still a fucking mutant](https://imgur.com/a/iz205)
Is it just me or did Crowder undercut Hayward a little bit? Not intentional, not malicious, and not everything is "somebody's fault." Just looked like grinding, gritty defense turning into an extremely dangerous play. 
anyone else think the Crowder play was a bit dirty? he turned his back and went underneath him.  not saying he expected to end Gordon's season but it looked like a ZaZa play.
Kyrie "The Man" Irving with the air ball to lose the game...
Jaylen became a man tonight. I'll hold onto that at least.
Literally fuck everything. I’m going to go throw up and cry myself to sleep.
They were right there. Lost Hayward in the worst way imaginable. Fought back to make it a game. Had the lead late in the fourth. 

There are many positives to come from this game. I just hope they can keep the energy up. Losing 20 that was was absolutely brutal. 
I disagree, can't you see the potential of what's there...WITH a terrible, horrible, unpredictable tragedy thrown in...this team still could have easily won against the only eastern threat in the league barring Giannis-Bucks evolution.

All the young guys get a shot and 100% chance Gordy has nano-tech implanted.
Another silver lining is that Jaylen will get some more minutes, as well as Semi and Yabu. But thoughts out to Gordon, really awful that it happened
Rozzay was in those passing lanes like crazy too.
Let me tell ya...Baynes is as nasty, as ALL of Australia!!
smart was terrible
We fucking rule boi
Yeah, imagine this game with GH and Marcus guarding Lebron! 
"This isn't painful. Getting shot is painful. Getting stabbed in the ribs is painful. This shit isn't painful. Its empty…dead"
I think, though he made mistakes.  Rozier (ZAY) has fucking handles and can shoot the ball.  He can actually do everything; but he makes those costly mistakes, if he ups his game dude will be legit in this league.
I too want Gordon to fuck me one day in that green 20 jersey
dude shut up.... there is no way the celtics get past the cavs without hayward.  also, nobody died.

and what sucks is we have kyrie instead of IT
Utah fans say that ally-up was done at least twice a game by Hayward last year, so it was just unlucky.
No, I like that he basically told his guys 'fuck you, figure it out'. They need to grow up fast and learn to think on their feet. This is game 1 of 82.
fuck lebron
I think you mean initiation
I'm guessing he was dead tired from guarding LeBron
i was his biggest fan when he was a celtic.

fuck him.
> should of 

 Did you mean should've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
As will that haters. The # of "RIP Celtics season" texts I got after the 1Q was ridiculous.
of course they're not great players yet, they're 19 and 20.
Fuck the fuck off
Try just this game. 
Brad is the fucking man for getting the team together at halftime to rally back from an 18 point deficit. S/o to Semi for leading a prayer too, this is a team that has a lot of young talent but we're still gonna be dangerous af as long as Brad is our HC. 
I’m a redskins fan and sc fan too so I understand being let down 24/7 but I’ve never dealt truly depressed. I’ve felt sad but never at this level before.
Don't want to hate on IT at all, but there's no guarantee he comes back 100% from that injury or that he's the same player with Ty Lue drawing up plays compared to Brad.
They have me so excited. If only they could play alongside Hayward :'(
Not at the expense of Hayward’s ankle. But I get what you’re trying to say. Christ, fucking put me out of my misery
I didn't watch the game, but he committed 1 foul and missed 2 shots. Otherwise, he had no positive stats. What did he do well?

I'm not trying to be an ass I'm just legitimately wondering. 
SMH :'(
Fuck what LeBron does.
Everybody shot like crap from 3 tonight, including the Cavs. I'm gonna chalk it up to first game back+the shock from the Hayward injury. I thought this game went about as well as could be expected given the adversity our guys had to overcome just to make it even remotely competitive. 
This really sucks. I feel so bad for Hayward. I like him so much and to see such a gruesome injury feels awful. 

I hope it isn't as bad as it looks and that he can come back before the end of the season. 
I'm so sad, PG was my fav sf before the injury, and Hayward is now that he's a Celtic... maybe I should stop liking players
FUCKING UNBELIEVABLE.  Seriously what are the fucking odds.  5 minutes in and your season is over. 
Seriously, as a Cavs fan, I'm in.
People way overestimate recovery time on broken bones compared to ligament injuries. 
This is what I was saying. People are freaking out because of how gruesome it was. If he doesn't have any ligament damage, bones heal in 6 weeks. 
Mentally it will be tough though. I mean imagine everytime you jump you thinking about that injury. That will be the hardest part of his recovery, but it will also shape him as a human being and player!
I appreciate your positivity, but I work as a DNP orthopedic. From what I’ve seen (through pictures, not his actual X-Rays, so I do not know all specifics) you have a dislocated ankle with a broken tibial around the medial malleoulus. Concerning because that part of your tibia is the anchor of the bone and is tricky to fix. I’m thinking along the lines of at least 6-8 month recovery for him.
that foot was twisted around the wrong way tho
I know I thought about it every time another player jumped the rest of the game.
I had a game last night that started about 5 minutes after the injury and I played a lot less aggressively because my mind was all fucked up from that injury. 
They said it was an ankle dislocation with a fractured tibia. At least that's what coach said.
fuck off, are you serious?
Wtf
And also into the warriors game. And as i walked down the stairs
Sorry man, I didn't mean to have any ill intent

Wishful thinking, but doubtful.
I just hope that Tatum’s minutes aren’t forced now with Hayward out. He could get overexposed.
Um, wuht? You look like a fool trying to correct me with condescension when you are irrefutably wrong.
If you're 0/3 then why the fuck are you in this sub. 
+1 for Celtics, -1 because fuck duke
Poor guy.  Hopefully they got him loaded up
However long Gordon was going to be out, we can subtract at least 10-20% since he flew back to Boston instead of getting surgery in fucking Cleveland.
I mean yeah, if you've got cancer or a serious burn.
He will have a hand picked orthopedic doing the surgery anyway. It doesn’t really matter what hospital it is done at. The team is affiliated with NE Baptist I believe, so they use them as a “home base”. 
I didn't even think about it until Harlan brought it up, the Haywards were most definitely all watching, thats gotta be so brutal, its brutal just to think about them seeing it. fuck man
I bet it will be a small plane
Obviously Morris will take up a lot/all of the minutes guys like Semi and Larkin had to play tonight. But unfortunately we'll have to rely on those guys for some stretches this year.
I just don't see how we pick up the scoring.  Smart/Brown/Tatum will have to seriously step up
get the fuck outta here.
This made me sick to my stomach. Prayers for Gordon and his family. Hope he heals well. 
[Well that was fast :(](https://twitter.com/BFawkesESPN/status/920456357433827329?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Etweet)
Does that include ligament damage and the likelihood it could be a complex fracture?
If there’s no ligament damage I’ll be absolutely shocked 
Yeah shoutout to LeBron. We hate him on court, but off court he's a class act
No but I told her his foot was facing the wrong way and I told her it was a fractured ankle. 
Fuck off dude
Nothing matters. God is a lie. Life is an illusion. Fuck existence.
How long is the recovery time??? FUCK this sucks
Is this worse than having a broken fibula. The doctors over at /r/nba seem to believe he should be put down like a race horse.
Terrible to hear. Hope he can recover and at some point get fully back to where he was. I'm a Sixers fan but that doesn't matter because what team a dude plays for doesn't matter when something like that happens.
I can't bring myself to watch the replay, but it looked way worse than a fracture. Maybe it was cos Gordo's shoe was half off so it made it look really bad. I hope he recovers 100%, but if its a fracture, I hope it isn't too long of a recovery time.
Impossible to know without seeing xrays to see what type of fracture. Additionally would need to know whether there is ligament damage. I'd guess 9 months before he'd be ready to play again with such a bad tibia fracture. 
I wouldn't bet on it unfortunately. Sad day 
Can confirm, same boat. Always loved Hayward. Totally awful to watch. Feel so bad for him. Prayers up
thx u baby lakers fan
one side wants me to see yall succeed
my other wants me to see y'all fail cause 1) fuck la 2) i want that pick :-(

but thx u it means allot rn
Seconded from here in DC -- he's tough SOB too. I hope we see him again soon.
I hear you but the ramifications for the Celtics are devastating.  Hayward will never be the same psychologically, it might be 2 years until he is recovered which means the Celtics will have to Superman kyrie without ever seeing him and Gordon play together, not to mention horford will be over the hill.  And now the Celtics are hamstrung financially as well
Man, his shoe wasn’t half off :( 
 It's not your fault and I appreciate any links, but I wouldn't let that guy examine my worst enemy's dog. 
Unfortunately a fracture can mean a complete break. 
Now's not the fucking time LarBrd33.
Broken ankle, dislocated ankle, and tore a bunch of ligaments and tendons with potential nerve damage. You have a lot of shit in the ankle
I mean the only thing worse than that I can think of that we could have seen was his foot not attached at all.
:'( I'm trying to suppress, pls let me
False.  A fracture just means that there was a break.
Few days man. Me and my son were watching. His look was pure shock.

I feel so bad for GH and Celtics fans. 
Well there is recovering and rehab to NBA form. 6 to 8 months is the usual. He wont play again this year.
I have. It depends on how bad the fracture is there is a lot going on in the ankle so it hard to predict. 
You realize that Hayward just lost the rest of his prime right? This is devastating to him and the Celtics
His was the worst. 6 months minimum
Are you serious?
Agreed :/
Darn. No way to recover that fast to the end of the season. :( 
If there's no ligament damage and it's fully healed there's no reason not to play him. Healed broken bones are [no more likely to get injured than ones that hadn't been broken](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/19/health/19really.html). 
I mean they officially announced this was a fracture
Possible? His foot was going to wrong fucking direction. That was so sad to watch 
Fuck. 
That was horrible to watch. Can't imagine what he's going through right now. 
I'm legitimately sick to my stomach
I'm not even concerned about his season, I'm worried about his fucking CARREER.
Raps fan here. Here to stand with you in these terrible times
Idk if i saw correctly but i saw crowder go under hayward and was turned around with his back out and thats what caused him to flip over during the fall and made his landing awkward.
OKC Fan here but live in Boston. Still care for Boston sports and I hate to see this happen, especially to Hayward.
man fuck lebron
Sixers fan here. Fuck injuries. Pray for Gordon. 
Spurs fan here. Sorry guys :/ Hate to see a man go down like that. Prayers for Gordon 
Spurs fan here..always admired the Celtics and I'm truly sorry for what happened to Hayward! Prayers to him! 
Guys. Jazz fan here. I am so sorry. Sincerely. No one deserves that shit. I'm nauseated. He'll recover from this. 

I just. Guh. So sorry.
Cavs fan checking in. I want to tell you I’m sorry, but those words don’t feel like enough. My heart hurts for you and for your team today. 
Cavs fan here, I'm really sorry for y'all fam. That injury was hard to watch. I feel really bad for Hayward & the Celtics. I feel bad even cheering for my Cavs right now. Fuck the game, the only thing I care about right now is nobody else in this game getting hurt and Hayward recovering. My thoughts and prayers are going out to him. Hope Hayward comes back stronger than ever.
Fuck... not like this :(
This is terrible. 😭
im so fuckin sad
prayers for gordon...i'm so sorry celtic fans. was looking forward to watching him play as a lakers fan...
Fuck this is horrible
I'm here for the pity party. This all is just awful. I don't even know what to do with myself. Poor Gordon. 


Broke his ankle six minutes in. Prayers up for my man Gordon. Hate his season had to end like this 
Fuck man, this is so sad. Prayers to Gordon.
Damn I audibly gasped and felt my heart just sink in. I am a raps fan but this was horrible. Here hoping he recovers without long term repercussions. Stay strong Boston bros.
My condolences. Jesus Christ that is an awful start.
They just said fractured ankle. That's it. I mean it was a severe fracture regardless, but... maybe this isn't as bad as we thought? Damn.
$crew this season!! That was the worst Basketball accident I have ever seen.
So damn tough to watch. All we can do is pray and hope for the man. 
Laker fan coming in peace. We hate you guys, but not like this. Hope he gets back onto the court soon.
Pacers fan here 

I'm so sorry guys. Hate this for any player for any teams

Prayers for a speedy recovery for him


Suns fan here saying omg I'm so sorry. 
The injury was Kyrie’s fault imo. Gordon scoring an alley-oop over Lebron with a trailing Crowder? Really? Stupid pass by Kyrie. 
Fuck Jae Crowder.
im fucking depressed over this.  Poor fucking hayward.  For anyone who doesn't ball on any level i would just like to inform you that JAE CROWDER UNDERCUT him which is the cheapest move in the sport.  Just so happens Crowder didn't like Hayward because he was a possible replacement for him and eventually the actual replacement.  Crowder got beat and threw his hip into hayward when he was in the air.  CHEAP FUCKING MOVE COST A GUY A SEASON AND MAYBE HIS CAREER.  FUCK YOURSELF CROWDER
"Cavs fan here..." "Lakers fan here..." If you're a fan of another team and come into this sub just talk like normal person it's so corny when people go "I'm sorry about your injured player, as a pacers fan I feel bad" like who fucking cares who you're a fan of. Smh people just trying to get karma 
It's things like this that make me afraid to jump and make me hold my breath every time a player jumps in the air. I'm just praying that it's somehow not as bad as it looked and he can get healthy again. 
Sixers fan here. Even with all the shit my team has been through with injuries I cannot comprehend what y'all are going through. That was horrifying to watch, and has got to be devestating for all parties involved.  Though we're rivals and have "fuck the celtics" posts on our page no one (not even classless Philly fans) want to see Hayward or your fan base go through something like this. My thoughts are with yall and of course Gordon. Get well soon.
Prayers from a Rockets fan. Hayward is nothing short of a class act on and off the court. Hoping he comes back stronger than ever like PG did after his injury. Fuck, this is so goddamn sad! 
Fuck Jae Crowder
Fuck Lebron
Lakers fan here. I am so sorry to hear the bad news. Poor Gordon. God damn that sucks!!!!
Man... I don't even know what to say. I'm a fan of Hayward but you hate to see this happen to anybody, let alone a star player just minutes into his debut with his new team. Sorry dudes
what is the timetable on a broken ankle/leg?
Ankle Breaks are fucking career threatening

Lets wish its just a dislocation 
I'm so sorry guys

Blazer fan. Damn I'm sorry guys. Wasn't even watching the TV when I heard that snap. Horrible start to the season. And f@ck those fans that kept booing once the game continued.
I feel like crying this is fucking horrible. Then I can only imagine how he must feel. Fuck this shit.
After the OBJ injury and then this its been a gruesome couple weeks.  Been dreaming of Hayward in a Celtics uniform for years.  No enthusiasm to watch the rest of this game.
LeBron was overly amped up to start the game and made a reckless  challenge on the pass when Hayward was in the air. It was late and dangerous. Not intentional of course. Still shouldn't have made the play 
So sad. My inbox is blowing up for all the wrong reasons. 
That injury looked really bad.
Hold me, fam. :(
Dwyannes pinky has to feel weird like that. 
 Phoenix Mercury fan here; damn; it looked really bad. 
Fuck Injuries. OKC fan here, prayers to Hayward.
I'm really sorry guys
I don't know how those guys are playing.  I can't focus on anything.  I just feel so bad for Hayward, all the work and excitement for the season.  Poor guy.
Oh crap
It’s an ankle fracture. Absolutely horrible. Pray he gets better
devastating... poor hayward 

#._.
That was fucking gruesome. You could hear the 2 pops of his leg.
My heart hurts. I feel so bad for Hayward and his family. This sucks.
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRe-AdlD4uQ for the video. Ouch. :(
This has to be the worst part. Trying to watch the game but really only being worried about Hayward. I just want some fucking information but I know there isn't any available right now
[Nooo!!! :(] (https://i.imgur.com/QDJFiAh.png)
God fucking damnit. God fucking damnit. God fucking damnit. This fucking sucks.
Dubs fan. I'm sad. I'm so sad. I wanna vomit. 
I know Celtics don't want to hear it from Cavs fans, but I felt fucking sick and had to have more than I should after that.  FUCK.
Condolences from a Clippers fan, that's just fucking awful man :(

We're no stranger to disheartening injuries but never anything like this. Hope he gets better ASAP
why the fuck does this happen
IT is secretly relishing this 
Originally didn’t think anything about it was dirty then I rewatched it. Jae Crowder undercuts Hayward and doesn’t even make an attempt at the ball. Incredibly dirty play fuck Jae Crowder. 
Dubs fan here, I’m so sorry guys. We’re all with you.
Brutal, brutal injury. Best to him and his. Bummer for the rest of y'all, here's to a speedy recovery.
Just praying it's a gross dislocation and not a break. That way he might be back in several months rather than a year +. As horrible as it was to watch, it looked like his foot had already been straightened when he was on the stretcher... Fuck this is horrible. I don't even care about this game anymore...
This means a lot for a different teams fan coming here and giving prayers, this is bigger than bball this is an insane personal disaster.
I’m not a Celtics fan but I hate to see any player get injured. Hoping for a speedy recovery. Nobody should have to go through what he’s going through rn. 
Same dude. I feel guilty.
poor Ernie
I was** SO** hyped this season and now...like, I still am but **FUCK** this is awful. 
I broke my ankle back in March and was like, I don’t see what the big deal is, it doesn’t hurt that bad. 2 hours later...fuck.
Same, the image is plastered all over Twitter too. It's fucking brutal
yes, crowder slides under him there. very dangerous play. he should acknowledge it
U crazy
Dude facts, I was so fucking hype... what the fuck.
I don't think lbj makes contact with Crowder; I think Crowder slides under him -- effectively boxing him out -- when Hayward went up. Very dangerous play, and he should be remorseful 

but man, I hate Lebron's bully-ball 
Honestly wouldn't be shocked if Jae tried to hurt him. He's a mean, petty guy and fucking hates everything about the Celtics. 
I think it's the other way around. Crowder pushed him into LeBron. LeBron hooks Gordon's foot under him :(
Agreed. Looks like Crowder slides under him -- very dangerous, borderline dirty. But when an such an abnormal and gruesome injury results, you begin to wonder... 
Not sure why that got down voted..
Honestly yeah. Season over. I'm so fucking sad.  I wish we had our 2016 group back =( now we're just fucked.
Don't be a fake fan.
is it confirmed it is a ankle dislocation thought it was a gruesome fibia tibia fracture 
Or a hug :'(
I promise you LeBrons goal was not to hurt Hawyard considering he showed sympathy for him when he walked over to him. You have to be sick to wish that (or do it yourself) to someone
Not a doctor but I believe a fractured ankle that bad could be much worse than a leg facture. I would assume at least out for season.
Thanks bro, always awful to see a guy go down. Sorry about Rodgers
Fuck you
GET FUCKED. 
As a GSW fan, fuck off. Don’t go to other players subs  to talk shit, and certainly not over an injury. Making us west coasters look bad. 
What’s that supposed to mean
I don't even wanna watch anymore, I still can't process this. Fuck. Fuck everything this blows so bad. 
dislocations are worse than breaks. If he dislocated his ankle, his career might be over

edit: I mean specifically ankle dislocations
I had a bad feeling when he was going up so i watched it and then just saw his foot going the wrong way and got sick man
I may be a fan of another team but I was really pulling for Hayward to have a great season. He's Butler alumni and I always root for any Indiana NCAA alumni no matter the team. It's absolutely horrific. With what happened with PG a few years ago, I know how seeing something like this feels and it's a horrible feeling.
Rushed from work to home to watch the game (CLE fan), and was amped as fuck for the first few minutes. 

After the injury, I didn't even want them to keep playing. That was awful and no player deserves that.
As a human, I am at a loss of words. I fucking hate injuries 
Because as a Pacers fan, I know how it feels to see a key player suffer a horrific injury. It's a horrible feeling. My prayers go to them for having to witness something like that.    
    
I'm also not a dick.
Well Joe Theismann said after his injury he couldn't feel anything in his leg and this looked about as bad as that one. So hopefully he's in no pain.
Its the ankle, so its much worse than a leg break.
I thought I was going crazy not seeing anyone mention this 
Crowder looked like he was intentionally pushing Hayward. Lebron hooks/kicks hayward's foot under him :(
With George, the bone was literally coming out of his skin. So... let's hope it's not that bad. Even so, I wouldn't expect to see Hayward back until next year :-( :-( :-(
I don't. We'd be worse off in the long run -- I think even with this awful shit they're better off in 2018 than they would have been with the 2016 group.
Yeah .. unfortunately so
Yes...It may take 12-18 months for him to be 100% again if that is what it is and the severity.

Just very sad.
I'm not squeamish at all. I've seen all the gross shit possible on this fucked up site, yet when they said "Hayward has broken his leg" and showed the picture, my stomach dropped. I can't imagine how utterly heartbreaking this is for him and the team. Fuck this game, it's 1 of 82, nothing matters tonight but Haywards health
probably closer to a year or two with his fracture. Think of PG's fracture but in a much worse location. 
It definitely snapped. I'm watching a stream and kept rewinding. That was just awful. Hate seeing young guys get injuries like these.
How sad are you that it bugs the fuck out of you to see fans from around the league offering their prayers to any upset fans (along with Hayward himself) and the reaction from people that care about this team?
It's dumb. Praying for a fan base because a player got injured.

Also, are you REALLY praying for them or just saying it on Reddit bc that's what people rush to do when someone gets hurt? Are you going to fall to your knees and pray to your God tonight before bed for the fans of the Boston Celtics?

Just say it sucks and move on. 
you are correct :( god dammit
I think you're right. It didn't seem like he was in so much pain (at least not for someone whose leg looked like that). I imagine that the shock and adrenaline would blur out the pain and then whatever they gave to numb it would keep it to a manageable level. It must be devastating emotionally though. 
The look on Crowder's face afterward shows it as well. He looked just as shocked as anyone else. He also had a look on his face like "FUCK, that wasn't supposed to happen."
Just because it didn't look as gruesome as George's injury doesn't mean it can't be worse. 
I don't think there was any sign it was a compound fracture, but with the pads and socks, it's hard to tell. This fucking sucks.
Man that's some positive from this horrific news
It didn't just snap it was like a pop. Horrific thing to see and hear 
Fuck off moron. 
Literal prayers are irrelevant in both this and any other situation. Ppl are trying to comfort each other, relax.
Emotionally I'd think it would be worse. Coming off an all star season with this kinda talent and he's out in the first game of the season. That's just devastating man.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRe-AdlD4uQ for the video. Ouch. :(
ahh fuck I would throw up 
Thoughts and prayers going Up to you and your family for your horrible language. I hope God forgives you.
isnt ankle a quicker recovery than a fucking leg like PG13
Didn't you say "holy shit, he didn't fucking die" in another comment? Don't tell me you're praying for my horrible language, dumbass. It's quite obvious you're either a troll or you were dropped on your head a lot when you were a kid. Your posts on The_Donald makes me lean towards the latter.
Holy crap
Yi Jianlian should be #1 because he made me change the game every time he was on my TV.
He's the epitome of "impossible is nothing" for asians.

And not that he's only a mere poster/trophy on the team.
He is , IMHO, a legit threat to opposing teams even if he is yet to be of Elite material. 
#bringbacktheNJnets


In all seriousness--it's crazy to me that they've yet to honor any part of their time in NJ yet in uniforms
I would do horrible things for a god damn Jarrett Allen Throwback Stars and Stripes Jersey. 
Those jerseys are fugly, sorry.
This is terrible reasoning. The fact is that the brooklyn marketing team has 150% ignored their time in NJ and haven't honored it at all. The Nets have worn 100 different jerseys this season
I'm not saying I want this to happen but Dinwiddie + Raptors pick could probably move us up quite a bit. Dunno about mid-teens though. If Marks is desperate to move up, he has options.
No we understood your point...but it’s unrealistic.
Call what it is: dumb 
Did you ever see him being benched after chucking those shots? Never. D'Lo almost always gets benched if he takes a stupid shot. 
Fuck em
Fuck the mets...make one for he yanks 😭
Feel bad for him a bit. I feel like he would be pissed if he would have to be third string again his third year here.
I always like to watch when the players talk to each other after the games (still blows my mind because that never happened back in the days) and Mario was awfully chummy with DLo.  


BuT Dlo iS tRasH aNd NEeDs tO Be TradED

Edit: /s, i guess i thought that typing is supposed to be sarcastic but either it’s not or y’all really hate Dlo lmk which it is
This is the problem I have with the Jeremy Lin stans/trolls on here. You won’t catch them on this thread...or praising dlo whenever he does well...but boyyyyyyyyyy are they there when he’s fucking up...even if it’s just the tiniest bit. 
This should be the end if the DLo with another PG experiment. Atkinson still tries to slide  in Dinwiddie with DLo for a minute, but it is so unnecessary. With Crabbe, LeVert, Harris and eventually Whitehead, there is no reason to push lineups with DLo next to Dinwiddie or Lin.

I can see some situations, but to have a rotation where you are basically forcing DLo and Dinwiddie to play together is ridiculous. 

 
Whitehead? What is the fascination with Whitehead?  He's like our 5th string PG, and not a very good one.
Whitehead? What is the fascination with Whitehead?  He's like our 5th string PG, and not a very good one.
Nothing against you, but it's crazy how nowadays there are debates as to whether role players should be maxed. Used to have to be atleast an allstar to get that type of money.
D'Lo and Gordon PnR would be so nasty. Marks do your magic, please
DVR? just order the single game on NBA League Pass
No problem.  Thanks for being a shitty person and coming here every game reminding us how miserable you are.  You can change names but your despair still comes through. You are the Cleveland Browns of humanity
sad
Nah man. I don’t even want to see that word on these threads. I hate the idea of tanking. 
Wrong 
Don’t worry about him, he’s not a good representation of nets fans, he goes on a lot of rants and says some weird shit 
Nah man. Can’t do that.  Long-term tanking is terrible strategy for development and you’re not even guaranteed to get a star. 
You never know when you gonna get wet, mad clowns be jumping getting dunked on by Nets
Fuck yeah
is this common vernacular? where would I have learned this?
People are obsessed with my DLo flair.  I did it to prove I am not a "hater," which I am not.   I don't care for DLo's game, much as I never cared for Melo's, but I don't dislike him at all, nor do I root against him.
Used to be my fav player because I thought he was baby Kobe :(
I feel bad for the kid
I mean you sound like a D lo fan but at least you don't shit on Dinike crazy. 
I've seen his defense improve from the eye test too.  At least from an effort stand point.
> PGs need at least 3 years to figure out their role.

Lin didn't.
Didn’t we have a similar post like a month ago, or am I going crazy?
I agree. Him, Jefferson, LeVert, Dinwiddie, and Allen would be a crazy defensive lineup.
dis shit hard
If Brooklyn is moving up to the teens, they have to give something up.  Pheonix won’t do the pick AND Bender.  It would be bad business to do that for them.  Besides, Brooklyn has nothing to offer for Bender.
I mean this team might as well be a meme at this point so why not?
We're stepping up our meme game at least.
Well at least Joe Harris had a career night.

I might need to stop watching these 4th quarters, not good for my health.
Why tf do you guys always go so hard against the Cavs?
DLo with a team worst -18. As usual, the worst +/- among the starters. I’m going on vacation so someone post these when I’m gone so the Stans get a reality check. 
we do this against everybody, play hard until the 4th then blow it
why does LeBron go so hard against us?
I don't get it. I have a point. This team still needs to get talent. What's bad about wanting to get guys for the future and present.
He no longer then goes: “I SAID BROOOOKLYN BALL” after he says it’s Brooklyn ball the first time like before though :(
downvoted. it's not even the same announcer. i do miss it when David Diamante said that :(
That white guy with the dreads down to his feet was one of the worst announcers I ever heard.  Just absolutely awful.

No one will ever beat Gary Sussman from back in Jersey with the thick Jersey accent though.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eraOnOxRpDA#t=30

KEITH VAAAAAAN HOOOOOORRRRRN

is this sarcastic? I've been to a Knicks game before and their announcer sounds horrible compared to ours
Oh.  Well the Knicks guy is all kinds of awful.  I agree.  Can't agree about DD though.
Shut the fuck up and do it yourself then....
No Ian Eagle. I am sad.
every fucking game

D'Lo being aggressive now, but it's too late. 
Wtf is Ian Eagle doing? Sounds like he's gettin off in the booth

Edit: I mean Rukes
Did Russell lose this game for us?? 
That pick this year is going to be juicy, thanks for being bad guys
Yes encouraging but damn, every game is heartbreaking to watch. 
Until you lose to Boston, the pick gets traded, LeBron leaves, the franchise is sold, and the cavs are irrelevant for the next 100 years
Dude, he's 22.  He won't get slower until about 8 years.  And his game won't even be based on athleticism.
sorry guys, one of the bad ones leaking out again.
He hasn’t had a good career. Every game I see his +/- be the worst or second worst among starters. Cause he plays awful defense. 
He's too slow to get space on the big men.  It's a common problem among the athletically challenged.  He could be the strongest guy in the league and it wouldn't matter.
And the Lin fanboys slowly return. 

This guy saw him play with the Hornets. I guess that makes him a Nets expert. SMH
at this point i'd settle for 8th seed :(
And you know this how? A mediocre Hornets team with Lin were a game away from the 2nd round. 
 
Agreed on the health. 

But you have yet to see Lin play at all (besides pre season) with this team and you're already making judgements. There was a lot of chatter pre season that D'Lo and Lin together would be a deadly backcourt. Why not at least see before talking about how he must be traded. Does not make a lot of sense.
 
bad bot
Hell fucking yeah I would take a shot at this kid. It can't be worst then whatever scraps are left at the bottom of the draft. 
Frustrating...
I like LeVert.  My bad.  I think he's got a lot of raw talent.  May not pan out but would rather give him minutes than DLo.
Oh in BROOKLYN history. I was so confused why people kept saying that.
DLo is the epitome of mediocre 
We are gonna celebrate every small victory.
In fairness, none of the shots he took in the 4 quarter were really bad shots.  Sometimes it just doesn't go through the hoop, and it wasn't just him.  Crabbe and Cunningham started missing everything too.


We have the lead but do I wanna risk my health and watch this game?.....
thats all caris, hate to see that

demarre revenge game 
Man thought this game was going to be a blowout. Man this team competes every game, I have to have faith there is improvement.
demarre revenge game!!!!
Why in the fucking hell is LeVert running point again when Dinwiddie is there?!?!?!
hit your fucking freethrows jesus
this team is physically unable to score in the 4th quarter
wtf d'lo?
Come the fuck on!
fucking serious?
Are you fucking serious!! Call the Time ou Kenny!
*whispers* DLo still has a bad plus minus compared to the other starters despite his triple double. 
He was trying to take him out with 2 minutes left on the clock when he took a contested 3. It's just that no fouls occurred during that time period and he was unable to bench him
I think teams are desperate enough to trade a 2nd rounder for him, given that he's a proved solid player, with bad injury luck.

Maybe Nets have him for the beginning of the season, and then trade him after he shows he can play again, but he's not a piece that the Nets should be using in place of one of their core players (DLo, LeVert, DinWiddie, Crabbe).
Nah hezonja is awful. I watched him yesterday.....he’s fucking terrible.
Lin is going to keep DLo controlled. Ha Ha Ha!!!

Just ridiculous. 


F Kidd. 

Off the court, I could give three shits what Kidd is doing. He is a terrible person. 
I think you mean Quincy Acy
I think you mean two years
Just shows how crazy young Allen is
I think you mean Timofey Mozgov
Some moron on this subreddit is thinking....He means “next as in a new coach....so he must want Kenny fired”
[Not too bad, eh?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVWlGbYX62I)
The problem is looking at this in isolation. Marks took over in a really bad situation and imo he hasn't been a "genius" or anything but he has steered the franchise in the right direction at the very least.
Yo where are you from? Serious question...I’m not trying to be a dick.
what the fuck is going on
You would think it would be an obvious decision, no harm in declaring right? Worst case you don't get drafted and move on
It's not that bad here. 
And his crossover game is underrated as hell.
How about Raptors fans calling for Dwayne Casey's head the past couple years? Now, he looks like he might be Coach of the Year. Coaches grow as well. 
Don't compare us to that tanking Sixers. It makes me sick they got what they wanted from losing on purpose.
/r/gonets 

We. Meme. Hard. 
Honestly, slightly annoyed, but I wasn't freaking out.  If we had our pick we would be a tanking team. Because we don't have our pick for some reason people expect us to triumph in every winnable game. That's not going to happen. The amount of salt and depression this sub gets into over a bad team being bad is borderline insane. It's fine, relax, watch the development of the young guys. Don't freak out over every close loss or blown lead. Your acting like were the Clippers or something and every game could mean the difference between playoffs or not. You know what games mean to this team? Nothing, they mean nothing. Stop freaking out. Try to enjoy what you can or stop watching the games. 
Can we stop with the fire Kenny? How about we wait until we have a roster half capable of being a .500 NBA team before we freak out. If you want to see a team with actual incompetent coaching, go watch the Bucks. All the talent, none of the results. That's not Kenny. Give it some time. This is so annoying.
Kenny is not a good coach. I don't want him fired but how can you defend him after tonight. Just don't expect him to be Pop or Stevens.
Holy crap, this really a fire Kenny tweet? If so, that's crazy.
I took is as "fuck" and he didn't want to swear 
At least we have memes
Here before carrryononthefire or whatever his name is threatens to shoot Chicago up. Don’t feed the troll.

Edit: I was too late
[what the fuck is going on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hi4z0S8jfbU)
You blind sis? Where’s this upvote you speak of? Stop making shit up...and say no to drugs.
You are wrong. OK4 has stopped Joel the two times they have met. And he can always score in the post. 

It's blind faith in Kenny that's gonna be the death of this team. We had talent on this team to stop Dwight, but Kenny decided not to use it.
Stop throwing the blame off Kenny. He lost us this game! No excuse 
Who is talking about playoffs? This team could have won 30+ games but due to terrible coaching, we are stuck at 22. 
Crunch time play call has evolved from Dinwiddie iso and miss to Caris iso and miss. Why dont we run plays for Crabbe or D’Lo or if its gonna be caris run a play for him, very frustrating end to the game.
If that did happen, it would've been a really tough one to watch. Just brutal, really.
This was painful beyond words
One of the worst losses of the season
Pathetic 
If you guys don't see me here ever again, just assume I killed myself because of this game
Crunch time play call has evolved from Dinwiddie iso and miss to Caris iso and miss. Why dont we run plays for Crabbe or D’Lo or if its gonna be caris run a play for him, very frustrating end to the game.
Letting up 32, and 36 in the 3rd and 4th will not win you basketball games.  Literally no defense period.  I'm baffled at the fact that Kenny didn't even give Moz or Okafor a single minute of playing time.  What a fucking joke
He is a historically bad defender. What are you talking about?
and Joe Johnson Pushed off on Pierce. 

So What!!!

Ankles were broken!!!
Considering where we were even a year ago, I'll fucking take it
They're gonna have to lower our rank after tonight's game vs hornets 
I like Parker, but his injury history is scary. 

I like Randle but he might be expensive. 
RHJ is so underrated tbh. I feel like he could get 20 a game.
Be mad all you want but Kenny is getting out coached this second half. Clifford is pounding the paint and riding through Dwight. No way this game should be close. 
Put the $54 million man (mozgov) in just to box out fucking howard. He is getting paid like $500,000/minute this year its ridiculous.
jarrett allen came to fucking play today
Fucking Jah and Moz are on the god damned bench.

They can't at least box out
Saw nets up 25 in the first half and turned off the game. Check in at the end and wtf happened?
is caris finished that holy fuck i would have creamed
If this game gets canceled I’ll be pissed smh
Fuck it... we're up by 20, give Jah a shot.
Rondae..what the fuck are you doing???...
and we are gonna fucking blow it
i can't fucking believe it
Blame it on the snow. Worst loss of the season.
Kenny is bad. Keep him next year but this hype like he is next Brad Stevens is hilarious. This guy is bad. If he was on Cavs he would get crazy hate.
We're losing this game.
But but but small ball
even if he has bad shooting night, he usually makes up for it on defensive end
Lord only knows wtf is going on there, it defies all logic.
My exact thoughts. Just awful.
Nah too late for that.
Dlo is the least of this team's problems in this game.
Basketball is a game of runs...
Howard has like 8 good games a year and his post up efficiency has been terrible for years. Putting okafor in the game would cause us to get blown out. Him guarding a pick and roll vs Kemba and Dwight?
I might just add decision making/passing off drives for Joe Harris. A lot of his turnovers seem to come when he tries to drive to the hoop and he loses the ball because of his dribbling or makes a bad pass.
My bad. I thought you were serious, cause the main sub despises all them and usually tries to "improve" designs
No worries. I did see the hate fest going on in the main sub, but I actually like a lot of the designs.
Same, I came over from the hating and immediately saw your post and thought you were 100% serious. I like almost all the designs too. My bad
The scary thing is that Kenny doesn’t think they’re shooting enough threes 
So glad we're not the worst team in the NBA
Cavs fan here. Get fucked.
You and I both know you’re fucked regardless when LeBron packs his bags to play somewhere else.
bad bot

Well, we'd usually find a way to lose.
bad bot
Dinwiddie is basically a late 1st round draft pick
Not sure Crabbe at SF will work defensively. He doesn't have the size/strength of a Carroll type.
"Yo Isaiah can you give me some basketball tips?"

"Yeah, why the fuck ain't you spinnin dawg?"
The Grizzlies are shooting 65% from the field. I refuse to believe our defense is that bad. It's unsustainable.
I hope this doesnt become the Chandler Parson's comeback game.
We are the worst of all time
we will prob find a way to fuck this up... not over yet
Why does Joe Harris get inserted for a couple minutes at a time?  It's so random.
K so grizz ain’t tanking for this game I see..
When D'Lo goes cold, he goes ice cold. He always misses or makes in bunches, but when he gets in a real funk he can't make anything.
This is not the game we should’ve playing like trash. This is bad. 
this game is mildly frustrating so far
we’re so careless
Offense is looking so stagnant I wouldn’t mind putting Okafor in to create something. That’s desperate 
Ugly ass shot DLo. Follow through. 
Ill take 10
We are not 65% from the field bad. I agree were bad, but this is Grizzlies, and I'm calling bullshit on that.
We're so bad we deserve him
Lets see, I've got three flavors.

The Cold Grip of Death

The Eternal Fire of Hell

Nets' Turnovers


like...you want us to somehow capture a storm and unleash it in the venue? That sounds extremely dangerous. 
I’m not sure how often they are posting, The Glue Guys is a nets podcast. 
Orange is bad calls that helped the team. Blue is the non-calls that hurt them.
That sounds like it's confusing correlation with causation. 

See: http://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations
I think orange is bad calls that hurt the team, no?
Orange is just bad calls. Blue is all of the no calls.
You're right. When I first read the article it said that the orange bad calls disadvantaged the opponents but they have made a correction to the article that I didn't see. My bad!
i have faith in our players. that's why i am a mess after those games we play like shit and get blown out :(
Some trades at least are needed, but I also believe in Atkinson. 
I miss Booker flexing :-/
I miss LIN!!!! sad af
Dude, did you read the article? Did you see my comment in this thread where I said I’d like to see him on the Nets? Do you even follow the team? No? Then STFU. Contribute to the conversation instead of being the stupid mother fucker that you are. 
Missed the game but why was he on the bench to end the game?
So do you want him to openly criticize his coach after being traded? That's just a dumb move.

The problem is that D'Lo doesn't get a chance to make mistakes. He makes one and Kenny will take him out. That's just bad coaching. You need to let a player breathe. 

While Din, Levert, RHJ and Carroll can make mistakes all night, but he will never pull them out.

D'Lo needs to play 30+ every night. 
It's actually ridiculous. Were not even in a heated race for the playoffs or anything. The salt level on this sub over what is, by all accounts, a development season, is baffling to me.
Made a dumb turnover, he played well otherwise though.
Yeah somehow his career long trend of having a terrible plus minus is "not really his fault."
He doesn't have potential.  He's slow.  If he were athletic, I'd agree with you.  I think he's topped out due to his awful work ethic and attitude.

Young point guards do struggle early.  But he's a third year player and one of the worst in the league, including bench players.  He sucks.
People overstate Russell's lack of athletic ability. He's below average, especially vertically, but he's not that slow horizontally. Coming out of college a lot of the drafting profiles talked about that. He's below average in terms of quickness, but not as slow as his reputation seems to show. In his time with the Nets, his slow lateral movement is in part because of his return from injury.

I'm also going to wait before judging his work ethic and attitude. His time on the Lakers was admittedly poor, but he's gotten nothing but praise since being on the Nets from the coaching and development staff. 

You're jumping the gun. 
Really. You think he's that bad?
My man he is awful. Worst defensive center in the league and can’t shoot threes to make up for it. He was a flyer who is not gonna pan out. 
One of y'all don't forget to do the post game thread. I will be very drunk and do an awful job.
Tbh I feel like the mavs are throwing the game... 
If we lost to the team that is blatantly tanking...
DON'T FUCK THIS LEAD UP NETS
Please team don’t fuck this up
As a cavs fan, fuck your team. Dumbasses
i just finished watching the game and can confirm he got into the zone
His defense is bad, but he can rebound and get points down low. Wouldn't mind him here but eh can't shoot.
Honestly we have no idea. At the beginning of the year we thought there was bad blood because we have bad history with that (see Rondo and Odom) but then we saw videos of him and Carlisle joking around and now he's playing so we have no idea
buut we also never close out games so it’s going to be one big fuck fest at the end of the game
Is he really? especially combing off of such a terrible injury?
I don't think Lin comes back the same. He's what, 30? And a patella is one of the worst injuries I could think of. That Kemble debate sounds laughably bad 
Why are you so worried, everything is going according to plan. We were supposed to be bad this year and we are supposed to be bad again next year. This is a slow burn
Should have handed it to DLo.

Idc how fucking bad he's been doing in the game.

He's supposed to be our Kobe? Get it to him! Let him take the fucking shots.
Let's hope we can at least beat Dallas tomorrow
Side Note: If Caris is hurt I'm killing myself 

 At least Rondae played well again..
im so angry at this team's lack of clutch fuck, +13 second quarter and lose 10 in a row fuck... and then +3 and get all those stupid turnovers to lose . fuck

nets shouldnt have lost today godfuck
But Dlo has been struggling all game, 3 of 13
If he's our Kobe we definitely don't want him taking the last shot.  Kobe was notoriously awful at that.
Not sure about hot garbage, but those two TOs were stupid. Oh well... 
With how trash we have been in the clutch,  I wouldnt be shocked if we lost those games.  Just the sad state of things :(.
That would have been the bumbass Laker fans. Fuck em.


He missed a layup then threw the ball to the Sixers twice in a row. Just wasn't his game.
Kobe was the, statistically, worst clutch player in NBA history.  Come on now.
he's been awful lately
>he's been awful lately

I think you just jinxed him into being good again 👀👀
I mean, he basically got demoted. That's not a good sign in terms of trade value. Let's see if he picks it up from the bench. 
That's just a bad possession from Okafor.  I still can't call him Jah.  We aren't there yet.  
That's a flop by Acy, I believe aha. It didn't seem like Embiid connected. I might be wrong.
We out here for that road game! (...and the cheesesteaks...) 

Here’s hoping we play to our potential and the Knicks tired them out yesterday.
fuck
Wtf did Dinwiddie do?
Jah should be playing every game for the Nets. I don't know what Kenny is thinking.
How the fuck is that not flagrant. Fucking body tackled, other players got worse fouls this week for pushing people with their body as they run
Embiid is a dirty player. Fucking jerk
Incapable of closing out a game
WTF that's a flagrant on Joel
These philly commentators make the game unwatchable holy shit 
I don't think he could do anything else there. And the shot wasn't that bad either 
getting flashbacks from the sacramento game rn...
Ever listened to the Boston announcers, they make this look tame.
just without dlo spencer would have won the game fuck
i just dont get it , trting to overpower embiid wtf
He's bad.
That shot was fucking terrible...are you serious?
I am, but that's just my opinion. Personally, I what was fucking terrible was the drive he did previously. 
U got some serious issues dude. 
But they were only worn for a measly 11 games :-/
that site is historically very wrong fwiw
Go to the Smoke Joint before the game. 
Yes, prepare for disappointment sadly. 
aw that looks fucking dope! seems like you had fun. Qiuck question, was Dlo not there?
He was not super into photos. He was running around jumping into random games with people and then moving on.

Edit: Here's my lousy dlo selfie with a bonus Cari's LeVert photo I forgot about: https://imgur.com/a/uT3WL
this right here is why people think redditors are weird as fuck
I remember being at that game. He kept forcing passes to Brook so hard at the end of that game trying to get that last assist.
Unrealistic
He'll probably fuck up every order
One day the Nets will stop falling apart in close games. Today was not that day unfortunately.
D'Lo with 32 points. I will take it. He has been improving every game since All star break.
If you’ve been watching every game this season, you saw this coming. 
very fucking sad :(
Allen looked very bad defensively against Toronto last time we played them as well.
Jarrett Allen was out for the game
He needs to rest a game or two. Recharge his batteries.
This is a bad team. With a young coach & roster. Relax my guy.
They downvote me cuz they love mediocrity. No emphasis on defense, terrible substitutions, small ball against tall teams. It’s like they are legally blind!
my mood is one with the Nets :(
Jesus didn't think it was that bad
J. Valanciuna was killing us all night and at no point we played a legit C. I don't care how bad Ok4 or Mozgov is, they could have stopped him for at least 2-3 plays
TotAlly agree. That would be a terrible strategy and wouldn’t guarantee anything. I remember Talk about Greg Oden when he was in the eighth grade and look at how that worked out. 

It’s odd three commenters have the name here netsfan with a different number. Are you guys related? 
Not sure how to take this from a person with user name GOATLin. 
Bro everyone knows that’s a terrible stat, it makes some mediocre players seem better than DeRozan and Other stars 
Not asking much since the Knicks are the worst team in basketball after KP went down
Fucking CJ Miles deciding this game is over, oh well. If we were against a team that wasn't the Raptors this was a W..
fuck cj miles, too long have we suffered from his streakiness
24 points in 8 minutes?! Holy shit! KENNY PLEASE LET D'LO HAVE A 50 POINT GAME WE FUCKING NEED THIS
[MFW I started watching the game and saw D'Lo scored 7-8 from 3 in the first.](http://cdn.barstoolsports.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/13/carmelo-anthony-face-geeksandcleats.png)
can we get the following transformations in this game?

* Allen Crabbe -> AC shooty boi (remember his 29pt game)
* Joe Harris -> Joseph Buckets (father of our savior?)
* Caris LeVert -> Caris LeGoat (our savior?)
* DeMarre Carroll -> Atlanta Hawks DeMarre Carroll
* Spencer Dinwiddie (not Dinwiddle) -> Spencer GoatWiddie
Did he just play DLo 16 consecutive minutes to sit him until half time?? It’ll be like an hour until 3rd quarter. 

He’s gonna be cold as fuck after sitting that long. 
what the fuck is going on
Can one of y'all please explain to me what the fuck is happening 
The fake Ibaka foul on that 3 was a momentum changer 
I hate how there are always so many vocal fans for the visiting team. It seems like its every game that nets fans are outnumbered. Nets Organization should do something about it, it breeds a losing culture.
wtf am i witnessing
OH MY FUCKING GOD
WTF IS GOING ON
I'm not sure I've ever seen something like this. 
This is insane
So DLo puts up 24 and Kenny's reaction is to take him out and put in Acy? Seriously what is this guy doing
Nets' record for points in a game is 52, done by Mike Newlin and Ray Williams.
Dinwiddie what in the fucking world was that?
Damn they on Russell hard body
Maybe Kenny should put Okafor in the game.
It's another episode of Nets cannot close a game.
Let's hope Dlo closes out the game tonight
DLo sucks!   2 turnovers in 14 minutes!!! And zero assists!  Terrible A to T ratio!!!
Ya gotta believe.  It's almost unfathomable today the Warriors were terrible for nearly two decades. 
That’s fucking stupid. Yeah play Steph and Nick Young the same amount of minutes because we don’t want hurt feelings 
*Total...slow down when you’re angry typing.
Worst decision of the season.
One plan with Jonas is to run him off the court on offense with a small lineup. Teams do that to Raptors which forces them to move Ibaka to the five and sit Jonas. That was the plan but it didn't work. 
Take blame I mean
Not a popular opinion but if you're going with a couple of people, there are parking garages nearby that aren't too expensive on weekdays. I went with 4 friends and split 25 between us for parking. Public transportation works well but we wanted to smoke and listen to music on our way there so we just took a car. Does take some time because the area is crowded but we preferred it over taking the train and then subway. 
I take the subway every time I go to a game, what escalator are you talking about?
NETS WERE ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING LAST NIGHT
Nah, it wasn't that bad. Look we scored 60 in the first half. So you can't say our offense was disgusting or even bad. The Sixers just didn't miss. And then we "held them" to 50 in the second half. 
In another tweet Rondae said "One wrong move... boom “labeled”"

Who is he talking about?
kenny looks like my drunk divorced dad
People hate facts.  This isn't me comparing DLo to some other point guard when they're a little bit apart in RPM.  He's literally one of the worst in the league as a third year player and these guys act like he's a franchise player.  This is ridiculous.
Look at the box scores.  He's consistently bad.
Buddy you're so annoying. You think you're doing a service for Lin, but you need to chill because people hate his fans.
Well of course it would take him at least 2 months to learn the system /s
playoffs as usual
I'm at the game. Please help
The fact the Sixers are shooting 58% AND we are getting fucked over by some calls results in aids 
well fuck this game
The Nets played no defense and this game is still kinda close
Nets have a rematch soon with the Sixers. Remember this game.

Kenny thinks Spence is Kawhi With the defense, it’s almost as bad as DLO. 
Rig. Sixers going to be NBA royalty with embarrassing band wagoners and worse shit long time fansz
Seems like a lot of dildo Philly fans at the game
Fuck these refs
Fuck the refs
NA man. Sixers don't keep this effort up. It'll be a five point game headed into half time
Crabbe and RHJ aren't the same position. You mean Carroll? Either way, RHJ is still coming off injury, so I don't hate it right now.
We beat the Sixers last time we played and we aren't even playing that poorly this game, the Sixers are just shooting 58% which is insane 
He is definitely worse. DLo puts effort. 
He’ll play 6 minutes for the rest of the game. 
The NBA forced the Sixers to fire Hinkie. They did not turn a blind eye.
Who else guards him when Jarrett is out? Jah and Mozgov are awful, Cunningham has the same problem as RHJ.
I am being sarcastic. I am trolling the idiots who keep hating on him.
No one is asking him to play 48. Play him 30 at least. 
oh yeah i was there for that game too. am i the secret to beating Philly?
Fuck you
You wouldn't consider moving Demarre? Going into the draft this year he'll be an expiring contract and has some trade value after how solid he was this season. I could see us moving him for a draft pick and a bad contract.
so i should be in Discord instead of the Game Thread?
Personally I’d be disappointed in Marks for that haul. This James guy hasn’t even won a Taco Bell Skills Challenge, so what are the Nets really getting in return here
You spelled Lin wrong
I’m not trying to be an ass but do you really think Trae is slipping to 15? what idiotic draft boards are you looking at? The worst hell do is top 7ish. The absolute worst. The ringer and ESPN did a mock draft 7 days ago and they both have him at 6.
Dude’s in a slump doesn’t mean he gonna slip to the end of the lottery 
I said like 10-15 which isn't bad.
so... how was the Discord tonight during the Sixers game?
depressing
My only wish is that we get Whitehead some minutes but I understand why that's difficult 
This is what I am thinking too. It sucks but if this is the angle I get it. 
Damn. He looks fucking jacked in that pic. Must have been getting shoulder work out tips from Isaiah Whitehead
he should've saved those 29 points for tonight's game
I hope the birthday boy got an autograph or something.

My boy was repping hard.
**DON'T MAKE CARIS ANGRY**
BRUH THE ONE GAME I DONT WATCH
Whats going on with D’Angelo? Was watching the game, also Levert is a beast.
Cunningham or RHJ when we go small
Steve Clifford is the most delusional coach in the NBA. He does not change with the times and still is coaching in the 80s. Not only that he cannot motivate this team and continues to push “MCW over Monk agenda” The only reason Monk played over MCW is because of the fact that MCW is getting shoulder surgery. One of the worst coaches in the NBA which is why I hate to see the Kenny hate because compared to Steve Clifford, Kenny Atkinson is Pop.
Pls tell me :(
Oh man, you would’ve hated the Billy King era.  Otherwise known as the dark ages
How the fuck is Fred vanvleet and tyus Jones  there but not d lo?
how are russell and allen not on the list? even dinwiddie and RHJ could be. LeVert wouldn't be crazy either ! 
Yeah....but why the fuck is Tyus Jones and Van Fleet there?
You, my friend, are an idiot 
Well, that’s why I’m saying. I’m not saying Kristaps is bad, I’m just saying that I would be hesitant to put him up there because of injury. He has a chance to prove me wrong, and I really hope he does, but for now, I’d bump him a little.
Well they always have him camp the three point line. I miss Brook. How he and Robin are so different in play styles still is weird to me. 
Fuck Cody. Been doing this all game
Why don't we ever contest a mid range jumper? At least make it somewhat difficult for them to hit that shot
Hate how an offensive player can create the contact and still get the call. Kemba stuck his off arm out and created the foul on Spence
Oh fuck off.
Unbelievable.

Kenny just doesn't fucking know when to call a time out.
Hornets scored 34 in the paint. That's just terrible D
don't make caris angry 
Game of the year for us.
Upvote if you're watching this game but you still know we'll end up losing a heart-breaking game by 3 or less possessions.
Who are u rooting for this game?
That was downright rude
THATS MY FUCKING GUY
Oh shut the fuck up 🙄🙄...
Yeah, I know. But losing confidence in your shot is one of the worst things a shooter can do.
Yeah actually agree and don't forget the Wolves game too and Pistons game.
I think it's a combination of four factors:


1 - We're not top 3 pick bad, but we're still bad. 


2 - We're a young team and we're not good at closing out games


3 - We've been plagued with injuries since day one.


4 - The refs literally stole at least 7 or 8 W's from us, just look at [this right here.](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/which-nba-team-is-wronged-by-the-refs-the-most/) It's outrageous what the refs are doing to us but it's the nets so who cares right?


To me it's definitely either coaching problem or players not executing plays. Games I've seen we have players standing around the 3pt line doing nothing, watching our ball handlers create. We preach ball movement but our ball movement is very basic, it's basically pass the ball around the perimeter after the PG brings the ball up past half court, and if we couldn't break down the defense, we have no backup plan and we waste 20 sec dribbling and throw up a terrible shot.

That, and we don't have a closer.
DLO has all star potential. You the worst of all nets fans.
Yup, we're bad but not 21 - 45 bad.
Is there a audio or video version of this? I know you lose a lot of nuance and body language from just text but it seems like he's not really happy in Brooklyn (the boro not the team)
Why did he not play at the end of the game?  Just because he'd already played 33 minutes?
Dinwiddie didn't do terribly, he just wasn't aggressive or confident at all. Didn't lose us the game, but didn't help either
Game was already lost. No point in playing him.
Tonight’s it’s Ryan Ruoco and Sarah kuzstock. Probably spelled the names wrong but you get the idea. Also Michael Grady is the 3rd guy. 
Joe Harris just swatted Draymond Green??!!!
Pass of the game DLO!
Let’s go boys just don’t get fucked in the 3rd quarter
Did Kenny tell them to do nothing until there's 5 seconds on the fucking shotclock?
17-2 warriors run :( we gonna lose tonight
Man, the screener's defender drops sooooo low. I know they're game planning to give up midrange J's (the least efficient shot), but when there is no one in the vicinity to even contest, it's basically a practice shot.
Caris is trying his ass off to keep us in this game
Carroll shot 5-17, 1-9 From 3 and is still in the game? 
Not accepting the Cavs first for Dinwiddie is going to start looking really bad.
One of those days where I can watch my fav team and my fav players in one game. 
I'm so confused...
At least it won't be close loss heartbreaker 
I watched DLO play every game since he came in the league. His confidence is gone. Either him or Kenny need to be gone. Styles don’t co-exist 
Game over
Why are you posting this before the game even comes close to starting wtf
Dirty ass play by your no name #44. What the hell is he doing deliberately pushing Bell into Iguodala??? 
DLOOOOOOOOOOO SUCKS DICKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
LOL they make me sick. My hate has dwindled but man by playoff time they will make me not want to hear their feminist fans and team style.
That's what happen when the other team take strategy against you. Skill got this last season even the hype of linsanity got this too(miami heat study lin).

Now dinwiddie need to figure out how to overcome this or (WORST POSSIBLE) he will be gone just like skill
Nah picking at 26th you’re looking at likely a bench player, backup PG. Spencer is at the worst that. 
FUCK GS ANNOUNCER!
Well...I'm upset at least
I mean, Cavs pick is most likely in the late 20s. And we might have had to take one of their terrible contract. 

Anyway, I hope Sean combines Toronto pick with Din to move up the draft.
yeah np I figured. the way the g-league is setup rn is just really confusing for a lot of fans.
The tickets get you into the 7pm game and the 9pm game, and some of them can only make the 9pm game. 
There’s no way we should have to move up just to take him, he’s not a highly touted prospect. He and his family look like they want him to come here really badly too, I’m for it, could use a stretch 4 off the bench
Yo chill it’s one game
While OP may have just caught 1 game, Wagner has been productive all season for Michigan. Here's [his bbref page](https://www.sports-reference.com/cbb/players/moritz-wagner-1.html).
He’s not nearly as good as Markkanen, but I get your point
Both Wagner and Diallo are bad picks for 1st round, imho.
They also got Booker now :s
Look, scoring 21 ppg earlier this season was a function of literally shooting more often per minute than ANYONE in the NBA.  When you shoot 21 times per 36 minutes, you better put up some points!  But the rest of his game -- before he got hurt -- was awful.  The assist-to-turnovers (worst in the league), the < 30% from the 3, the < 70% from the FT line, and the hideous defense.  
I'd still get the DLo jersey, just bought one myself (also cause it's on sale on the Nike website). There aren't any rumors to us trading him, it's just a bunch of angry fans saying so because of the past couple games where he struggled or choked at the end of games.
Thats what I was thinking. Sadly its a late christmas gift that has now turned into a birthday gift. My mom has already ordered a jersey. I guess if worse comes to worst, most storea have that 60 or 90 days return policy if they are traded. Thank you for the reassurance of J. Allen and LeVert! Much appreciated
Regression to the mean
He had the opportunity to shine, he did. Went all in. Now, probably tired (not used to it) and all that losing taking a toll?
D'Lo got benched yesterday and Dinwiddie still didn't turn into GOATwiddie to carry us to victory :(
I mean, your sale worked, I just bought a shirt! 
Hello all, we are so sorry we had the wrong promo code up. The correct code is REDDIT. We apologize for any inconvenience. 
Can't deflect responsibility, we fuck ourselves over
Just gonna say a few things.

1. Dinwiddie and d lo do stupid shit at times but the fanboys for each can’t wait until the other fucks up just to say something...you’re annoying as fuck 🙄🙄

2. The nets are bad...they’re rebuilding...we fucking suck right now...they’re gonna blow leads..choke...and look like a bottom 2 team often...shit happens

3. Kenny’s learning right a long with the young players so he’s developing too.

4. Some of y’all need to relax because it’s sounds like you’re gonna beat the Shit our of your wife and kids after every loss 😭😭😭😭 RELAX!!
Should've closed the game with LeVert-Harris-Carroll-RHJ-Cunningham.
This game is on Kenny and Spencer 
So...are we just keeping this thread up in anticipation of the Warriors game?
Another terrible game. This season can't get worse.


LeVert should start next game at the 2. If that's instead of DLo or Dinwiddie, I don't care, but he needs to start.
Oh, I'm taking a break. 

We face the Warriors next. 

We fucked now.
DLo was 1 - 6 not much better tbh.
And you know Kenny isn't saying shit because he's done it practically every single close game.
Of course. We shouldn't be competing for playoffs but why do people act like Kenny has 0 to work with to at least be ahead of tanking teams
At least we ain't the Mavs
>Can you guys stop fucking losing please? 

Nigga we trying.
All my friends are Knicks or celtics fans... they think I'm crazy for saying the nets aren't that bad
Obligatory TMac lazy eye joke. 
Such a stupid shot by Dinwiddie
Two things- did the commentator just call Teodosic "the Yugoslavian"?  
Also, mildly uncomfortable with him referring to DeAndre's "girth."
Spencer has negative confidence rn...
Let's just go out there and play hard
FUCK
That was a pathetic attempt at elevators tbh. I believe is was Carroll & Cunningham who were suppose to set the screens? They didn't even attempt to "close" the elevator doors for Harris.
i miss lin :(
TIE GAME
sean missing is sad but a necessary evil
We got us a (winnable?) game here boys
Seriously wtf is the Clips mascot? Looks like a fucking turkey vulture
Joey Fucking Buckets
LeVert is SERIOUS!!
Also dinwiddie wtf you was wiidddee open
Levert is having an insane game tonight
LEVERT IS A FUCKING GOD
Absolutely ridiculous, unexplainable, how they could take the ball out of Caris's hands there. It should've been a Caris-Anyone pick and roll there.
Last game it was Dlo, this time it was Dinwiddie... LIN SAVE US!
Trade D lo or Din. This team is pathetic. Everyone going to say I keep crying but this team is going mohave no improvement from last year. This is shameful to this fanbase. I don't even understand we play hard and are one very game but they ruin it. This team has no hope and now e are worst team in the league. The Hawks are better than us, this is BS, we are better than 5 teams in this league and now we are the worst. 
his acceleration is insane
Who said that dumb shit?
clippers are not that bad.
Fucking flew into the stands what a hero
Frustration and ill advised shots
Oh would you shut the fuck up?? 🙄🙄🙄 stop fucking whining with your dramatic ass....
“tRadE dLo or DiN” 🙄🙄🙄 who’s mans is this?
Stop fucking crying....go smoke some weed, get a drink, or beat your meat or something...holy shit you need a stress reliever or a hug or something. 
Nah point em out lol...because that’s an idiotic statement to make 
The 90s were a weird time... But, I'd totally rock Swamp Dragons gear
Based off that comment history I wouldn't be shocked of you were actually him.
I don’t really hate them but I don’t really support them at all either. I’ll admit getting swept by them this season irked me 
Same here. I got sick of Dolan's shit and because my family is rooted in Brooklyn since the 30's (Brownsville > Canarsie > Bay Ridge > Sheepshead Bay) it was too alluring to become a Brooklyn Nets fan (I was living in Sunset Park when the arena opened). I don't necessarily hate the Knicks, but I enjoy watching them embarrass themselves with their shitty front office moves and lack of vision. 
we're so tough that LeBron & stars from other teams must stay in the game to close out. we weren't tough last night against the lowly Kings, though
If only... :(
DLo and it isn’t even close, let’s stop with all these stupid DLo vs Dinwiddie questions..
I think you're underrating his athleticism but I probably overstated it.  No doubt though that DLo is a bad athlete by NBA guard standards.  
Are you retarded

Actually, nvm, never seen you around here. 
People forget Kemba had like two seasons whiting under 40% and it wasn't even his rookie year. D lo at least is shooting 42% from the field.
Ironically Zach Lowe named DLo in his I don’t like list. Giving up his advantage. Getting past a defender but then slowing down and letting him man go get back on him and then put up a bad shot
Well he’ll be a RFA and I doubt he’ll get any insane offers that we won’t match so.... i don’t know what you’re talking about there. 

He caught flak for late game mistakes, he can play well all game but making mistakes down the stretch are costly and he needs to work on it. Majority of fans weren’t saying he sucks or anything and plus, he should want the blame if he’s going to be a leader for this team. Stop being so bitter people called out your favorite player 
DLo is the worst defender on the team man.  You can't be serious criticizing Spencer for his defense.
Dinwiddie is worse. Dlo at least puts effort while Din doesn't do anything. 
Dude who cares D lo is going to suck because he is on this team. I could care less now you franchise are the league's darlings and are going tog et whatever  the fuck you want and always have. Your last 4 years were nothing compared to our shit. Sorry we don't need the comfort D lo is going to suck even though he should be good but our luck is terrible and always will be bad.
DLo gambles for steals.  I see Dinwiddie give effort but not know what he's doing.  That's fixable.  I just think DLo is too slow anyways but mix that in with a lack of discipline it's really bad.  
Well people already think he sucks.
BecUse our fans are terrible to him
Dinwiddie gets no respekt. Hopefully him talking to the refs over the All-Star break will help, but after the Cavs game I'm not too hopeful.
I tried posting this on r/NBA but it says the link has already been submitted, but I can't find it anywhere.  Shady censorship..
Cavs are gonna get their 5th number 1 pick in 15 years, calling it.

Meanwhile the only number 1 picks the Nets have ever gotten are Derrick Coleman and Kenyon fucking Martin.
Fuck a talk. He should take out a ref to let the others know he means business! 

I’m just kidding before the cyber bully police write me and say I’m making anti-referee death threats 
After that Raptors game, we had the worst piston of our season and got DEMOLISHED by the Pistons. They led as much as 40 points i think. Our spirits were broken and they were broken yesterday as well vs the Kings
Video linked by /u/Writer30435:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[Jeremy Lin: Too Flagrant Not to Call](https://youtube.com/watch?v=KvaM0pMj-8o)|JAD 7534|2016-04-05|0:06:31|19,045+ (98%)|2,106,973

> Update (4/7/2017): Please also check out and give your...

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/Writer30435 ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dv3h6o9\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
This fool covering Knicks, his life is already tough.
Shocking how attached the OP is to Lin given his username 
not going to downvote you, but do you go to games? how does one go to a game not knowing if we can even beat some of the lowliest teams in the league?
I want to say that I'm done for the season that I don't care enough anymore. But I just know it's not true. I'll keep coming back like a beaten dog for every game, every single fucking one. Maybe I'm just stupid, maybe my optimism is just misplaced, but through all the heartbreak, I still believe in this team. 
His pick and roll defense was horrible. gave fox a bunch of open floaters
He made all the shots down the stretch and kept us in the game
D'lo deserves flack for his late game decision making.  I hope he looks at the film and learns what he did wrong.  What a tragic game for the nets.  Heartbreaker.
DLO giveth DLO taketh away. Every fucking game lately.
D'Angelo seriously needs to improve his decision making. Whats the point of starting to hit shots and then the next 3 possessions you fucked it up.
Absolutely brutal. When DLo controls the ball, the offense becomes stagnant and doesn't flow. Gotta go back to how the game started with Dinwiddie running point.
Another game where you would think we were actively trying to lose.
Did you watch the game? 

The problem here is DLo and Atkinson need to figure out what to do in late game situations. It seems the same mistake is happening. 
he has been pretty awful for a while; i say we trade him this offseason for some veteran leadership. 
Hewas the one who kept us in the game in the 4th. 
He almost won the game for us.
Just Nets :/ Cavs sometimes
And the one that gave away the game in overtime
Oh, I'm not saying he wasn't a mess. I'm just saying that guys mess up games at the end all the time. Not often as bad as that. But it certainly happens. Frequently it is a guard who just keeps shooting and missing on bad shots. 
Hard to teach "judgment," too.
Russell has either turned it over or made stupid choices every time he has the ball, why didn’t he take the 2 for 1 ?
This was painful to watch. The number of TOs we had is understating the problem because of all the awful passes that lead to scrambes at the end of a possession. This game made me lower on DLo than any before
Existence is painful
oh my fucking god my dick out
#WE GOT A FUCKING SQUAD NOW
Levert wtf are you doing? Chill out
FUCK OFF SERIOUSLY WHAT IS THAT PASS
"FUCK OUT OF HERE FOX"

-Jarrett Allen (Probably)
WE GOT A FOUL WTF
Spencer getting fucked on defense, he needs to improve this jesus
what the fuck d'lo??????
The fuck dlo doing holding ball in 2 for 1 situation
D lo just had one of the worst stretches of basketball ive seen ever
Russell did 3 back to back awful fucking passes that could put us on front. c'mon
My god dlo chokes so hard whenever its crunch time
Team was better going to Dinwiddie in the late stretches of games.

RHJ sorely missed in crunch time.

Bad mistakes in crunch time. Disappointing loss.

Nets game or Atlanta premiere??? hmmm
Finally a game I can catch
omfg Jarrett wtf
fucking refs
Wtf are these refs tho
LMAOOAOOAOOP fuck this. So tired of this BS. Fuck the Kings and fuck NBA.
What the fuck was that RHJ?
Man our guards are really fucking up
my fucking eyes
DEMARRE IS NOT LOSING THIS GAME
Ah, yes. Carroll 3 from five feet behind the line. Just as Kenny drew it up.
GET THAT WEAK SHIT OUT OF HERE
get that weak this outta here
fuck my life man....
Dinwiddie with the worst close out
Horrible closeout by Dinwiddie there. Closed out way too hard.
FUCK
wtf spence
This team is absolutely infuriating to watch
Crabbe doesnt give a fuck if hes shooting 6/6 or 0/6, keep shooting.
Frustrated to say the least...
D’lo’s not in this game mentally
fucking tragic
mother fuck.
DLO lost us the game!
Everybody sucks. 
DLo getting careless again.
d lo what the fuck are you doing
WTF Dlo? 
We make bad teams look like playoff teams
If we lose to the fucking Kings....
D’lo stinking up the game tonight bruhh
What the fuck D'Lo. Horrible. Absolutely atrocious. 
Ths fucking team is a joke LMAPO Fuck them
I'm not sure why I even bother, but yeah I am.
that was a terrible decision by Dlo
I've never been sold on him. When he controls the ball, it's bad for the offense
He didn't. Stop lying seriously 
yeah but it's 12:15 AM :/
Basketball is game with limited resource (possession). Theres no room for mistakes yet this guy makes silly ones every quarter
Got it too late and didn't look like he was expecting it.
Well i went to that game in bk in January where they managed to lose to SAC so you never know
Ive go bad news for you bud :(
i'm so mad i can't sleep
LeVert throwing the game
Fuck yeah!
Case in point: Tonight's game vs Sac. He drives me nuts. 
Is Carroll wearing a fanny pack wtf?
No D’Lo :(
Step up your luggage carrying game you backpack carrying swine!
He just said on Twitter that the story about him retiring is false and that he’s recovering. Still scary just letting y’all know. I’m on mobile so it’s kinda hard to find but it’s on @NetsDaily’s twitter
if i have to see another Acy pump fake...
**Based on Basketball Business Sense**

Stauskus and Cunningham won’t be re-signed.

Dinwiddie and Carroll will be traded around draft night.

If Dinwiddie is NOT traded around draft night, then either Dinwiddie or Lin (one, not both) will be traded at the 2019 NBA trade deadline.

Two wildcards:  Harris and Okafor.

**Personally**

It’s too bad, because I like Stauskus, Cunningham, Lin, Dinwiddie and Carroll.

I know that moving Lin, Dinwiddie and Carroll will bring Brooklyn assets and cap space.

As for Stauskus and Cunningham, they will unfortunately be victims of an improving roster crunch.
Lin and Dinwiddie stay.

Acy, Jah, Cunningham, and Sauce are gone.

We're gonna go hard for Aaron Gordon or maybe even hit up Julius Randle.

Also, we'll trade Carroll for Sabonis because that's what I did in 2K
What? No they don’t. They can easily start Middleton at the 2 and giannis at the 3. Henson and zeller will be getting the 5 mins as maker regressed horribly and teletovic will probably never play again
"Dlo sucks still overrated," all hose D lo haters. Where r u now?
Allen just casually walked away after Dlo saved him. I hope Kenny has a talk with him about that
Sick meme
Jahlil sucks
The worst part is a lot of the casual fans are still convinced we're actually the worst team in the league and don't see what we're building here.
This game had a ton of moral victories, so at least that's something
What I don't get about yesterday's game and the games I watch of you guys is why does Dlo sit a lot of the 4th till the end? 
This angle makes his head look really small compared to his neck.
Bad bot
fuck why didn't he just call a timeout...
fuck are you srs
He hit him with the elbow ... but thats weak and hes grabbing his neck when Dante hit his jaw. C'mon dude
The fuck was that. 
damn they played hard tonight though
Down goes LeBron! 1.. 2.. 3... He's out!
Risky putting Spence in the game with three fouls to play defense
Ugh ugly shot
PLEASE get Acy out of the game. He does nothing but harm this team
what the... slow motion drive
It is crazy, but I like the optimism.
you mean LeGoat?
I’m  watching this game in Columbus Ohio and yes , the Cavs color commentator voice drives me insane . 
Dude, can you at least admit he played well today.
Jarrett did he still put himself in an awful position where you call a timeout ou do a rip move to trick the refs. He just needs to call the timeout and reset.
Bad bot
My point is Dlo wouldn't have been in that situation to begin with if Allen had some game awareness and decided to help him instead of casually walking away. I never said Russell is immune to lessons, but that play was not Dlo's fault. 
You're not making any sense. You're just cherry picking when to apply the rule, because you can't admit that you're wrong. 

Once Booker is waived by Philly, THEY are his former team. Not Brooklyn.
They doing him dirty by only giving him 30 strength. What's up with that
Thought I did this before work but just looked and it hasn't been updated. My bad! Will chance it when I get home tonight, looks like bottom won by a decent margin. 
+1 because it felt like a playoff game anyway.
Bulls, we're coming for your 4th worst team in the east spot!
This dunk was disgusting and the Ian Eagle call makes it so much better
This is fucking filthy hoooo my gawd
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING!!!!
Nasty. Allen is really promising!
Pathetic that these aren't Red White and Blue anymore
D'lo 50 point game incoming
After Jarrett getting that flagrant 1, Demarre Gets the 4 point play, this game is lit
JARRETT ALLEN JUST KILLED A MAN!
I'm done watching the Nets this season if we lose this game
oh shit!!!!!!!!!!!
That Petro figure...looks fucked.
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING
holy FUCK
Geez this Bulls team is really bad
I missed some parts of the game why did Jarrett get a flagrant?
Acy is so bad 
The amount of passes where the receiver doesn't capitalize has been extremely frustrating.
The 3 heavy system is terrible
So are we :(
We know you've said it before...

Btw no one goes cause the team is awful, back when we first moved and the teams were competitive Barclays was packed.
But slightly less terrible than the Bulls
he stinks on ice
Secrit play!

Too bad they didn't know we had major haxors xddd
rawr ekks dee those silly windy city cattle
I agree here. Acy gets a lot of hate and no love. Dude hustles. As excited as I was, and still an for Jah, I’m not sure if he’s a legit option or not. His defense is just, awful and the team is dramatically worse with him on the floor 
yeah D'Angelo told me earlier in the season that the injury isn't as bad as it seems
Fuck him forever.
Isaiah is legit. Seriously. He deserves playing time.
Holy fuck IW let his balls hang 
I wonder whether that boy has something to do with the single game spin moves record. 
LETS FUCKING GO
Thank fucking God
Yeah I agree. I don't think NBA is rigged like WWE style which pisses me of when people say it, but I do think refs have secrets within their department that is shady. Players can't control it and even James himself, but I do think officials and league dictate some games. It sucks but it is what it is.
>  but he isn't a hustler and isn't an energy guy.

this is totally wrong my friend...
They banned me twice for using the "shit" word ... and it was not like I was abusing anyone... it was sth like this...

> (Dinwiddie was launching that "crazy" 3 to tie the game against the Bucks but...)

> "Oh ~Shit!(I missed it)" - Din.
Who is going to lead this team and be the coach on the floor?  Seriously, this ain't pick-up basketball.
Pooch turtle neck game is 💯
I still think this wasn't that bad of a deal - no way to know how DWill would plateau and then crash.

the Gerald Wallace deal and Celtics deal were MUCH worse
:(
And getting a free agent to come into the lame duck NJ days was going to be impossible.
Defense bad, shot selection bad.  
If Allen can't protect the rebound, games will be very difficult. Can't expect Rondae to solve this problem.    
Is Dwight really that scary to influence those easy basket? Missed so many layups.
Allen doesn't have a chance vs Dwight. Hard to blame him for being 19. Dwight has grown man strength 
I don’t think that benching Crabbe is a terrible idea.  He came off the bench in Portland and did wonders playing with that second unit. 
Gelo? As in Gelo Ball?  Fuck that
I agree with both of these statements and would like to add, fuck Cavs fans
I like you too. Second your "Fuck the Celtics"!

Indeed, fuck the Celtics 
Fuck Boston 
Refs like ya I fucked up so you get a tech for calling me out smh
And ... they're done. Down 10 :(
can we stop giving them a run for the 5th time this game?
Carroll has been fucking awful.
ASB was the worst thing to happen to Crabbe 
Dinwiddie got hit hard there :(
"DLLLLOOOOOO sucks dick," Haters coming, Haters soming. Watch out for Din haters too my gosh.
Please get DLo out of the game. 
You mean like a guy named Rondae Hollis-Jefferson?
Come on guy. Look at his stats plus a tech. One of his worst quarters he's played this season.
I know... but I try to say optimistic I know Im always setting myself up for disappointment 
Because that could create a scheduling issue for another team, which creates an issue for another team, so on and so forth. It's complicated.
i want the LeVert, Dinwiddie, and Allen ones so badly
God dammit. What the fuck did Rondae do to his groin?
Holy shit still!!??
Needs a delicate touch 😩
I sadly can't help.

I'm a savage with my lips.

Pause
G: Dinwiddie, LeVert

G: DLo, Crabbe

F: Carroll, Harris

F: RHJ, Acy

C: Allen, Cunningham




LeVert as our 6th man. Allen should be getting 28mpg.  Okafor sucks
It's at Barclays, no? Correct me if I'm wrong brooklynites.
Sorry, No Allen Crabbe.  Only AC
Doesn’t those X’s under Tatum mean he isn’t those things?
Jarret Allen: Has a pornstache 
jAYsoN TatUm: Has a nasty goatee
So far, I'll go with Caris + Jarrett (Carrot) because their chemistry is crazy
Dear god I hope so, Idk if I can watch another game without them
I was so pumped for Devin Harris after his Milwaukee debut game
I remember being at the game where we thanked Cuban for sending us Harris as he lit them up. He put in some work for us.
This comment went off in a weird direction.
I feel like Tony Parker used to run the skills comp but I could be wrong
I hate to be the party pooper, but I think it depends on your flair.
Exactly. this just gives me another reason to hate LA fans and the Lakers. I hate every twitter fan who says “Lonzo better. Lonzo would’ve won the dunk contest.” What an awful depressing crowd. Why pay so much to be dead ?
The all star game in LA in 2011 was actually one of my favorites. I don't know why crowd was so dead this year. 
Can Reggie just kindly fuck off
FUCK THE HATERS
FUCK I FORGOT TO WATCH IT AND MY MAN WON IT, POGGERS
THE MAD MAN FUCKIN DID IT!! 
Some bullshit about the nets milking this cause we suck and the usual no respect for Din
Reggie Looks like an Alien. So his disregard his comments
THE MAD MAN DID IT
YO LETS FUCKING GO IM HYPE AS FUCK LETS FUCKING GO AOISDFJAOSDFJAOISDFJAOISDFJ
Horford choked bad.
Let's fucking go!!!
Reggie trying to rain on this FUCKING PARADE!
HE FUCKING DID IT!!
Jarretts stats aren’t very flashy, next year he will be in there
Fuck yeah
Don't forget Embiid - he has seriously nasty handles for a guy his size.
We both got fucked by injuries this month. We know this.
At least along with the Pats we're 0-15 this February
Fuck the Eagles get them out this sub.
Fuck the Eagles
But that’s we said last year :( 
Kenny should consider cutting the rotation after asb....  

Forget 10 -11 player rotations, just play a group of 8-9 solid minutes...

  
I really miss Rondae and Caris :(
Game plan with 2 minutes left:

1. Dinwiddie iso 

2. DLo iso

3. Quincy Acy 3

4. Cry


 At least Crabbe is looking like a 19m/yr player
I hate when 6’7 Quincy “3 point launcher” Acy is in at center. We can’t guard nor get a rebound over Turner 
Didn't watch the game but din with 0-7 shooting. Damn...
Stagnant offense on the last 6 minutes of the game? Check  
Shooting awful triples to pray a miracle? Check  
Do we have the worst team at doing screens? Check  
Are we the worst team at avoiding screens in defense? Check  
We actually do a play when we realize we are going to lose the game? Check   
  
I'm forgetting stuff here, I'm sure.
Even without that negative player playing tonight 

The Nets still

LOSE
I missed the game unfortunately - how'd we do?
What a wack Vday. The Nets lost and I spent $300 just get the same pussy I've been fucking forever..lol

I hate Valentine's day
Kinda sick of seeing his stink face, gotta learn to play through fouls, it happens to everyone, even the superstars, refs cannot get every call right..
He rattled off about three of those trying to draw a foul on one play, not as bad as it seems

The real story to me is, he and DiAngelo are combo guards not sure they can play together
dinwiddie was calming down Kenny over ref calls, I thought his attitude was understandable because he was frustrated with himself . 
> Do we have the worst team at doing screens? Check
> 
> Are we the worst team at avoiding screens in defense? Check

Too real.. We don't set our screen hard enough to get our guys open, and we don't fight through screen hard enough on defense either..
Another game thrown away by stagnant offense late in the game. Dinwiddie only wants foul calls now. Is he trying to fucking make a statement?
Dinwiddie hasn't hit a shot all game and he goes full ISO trying to draw fouls time after time late. He's so fucking infuriating 
At the game, shout out /u/BKtoDuval for the hookup on the tickets. 

Hopefully we contain Dipo and Turner
If Allen can hit the mid-range.. my goodness. His pick & roll game is already crazy.
Wow. Brutal call on Dinwiddie
Why do we go small and bring in all shooting squad? We don't have anyone who'd set a pick for the shooters.. We need JAllen and Harris in the game.
This team just likes to stop and shoot awful triples. No wonder they didn't score a FG in the last 4 minutes, idiots.
Fucking dinwiddie and his sloppy ass iso’s smh
Stop throwing shit at the Fucking rim!!!! 🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣
Terrible Defense. 
Why go small now?
Jesus, we are atrocious
Sickening this is what this fanbase gets. So sick of BS. Anyone who wants to tank go FUCK YOURSLEVES and be gay for sick Hinkie. I am tired of our fanbase getting this BS. See respect teams like the Hornets because people don't understand what losing does for a fan like me. My freaking sports luck has been terrible. These fucking idiots who jerk to James have no heart fuck off. ANyone who again wants to lose on purpose go fuck yourselves and go be losers like the Sixers shitty fanbase. See this what losing does. NJ does not deserve this. 
This unit has been dreadful together, why take out Cunningham when he's playing well?
PLEASE NETS FANS, enlighten me, WHY did we lose this game?
Kenny brings in Russell for Cunningham, we lose the game, gg you moron

EDIT: kenny literally put Cunningham back in for Russell, proves my point you morons
Yeah if he didn't make these dumb turnovers, no one would complain even if he was shooting bad.
He always want to be the man. The offense just stops moving if it's a close game. It;s ISO after ISO
He doesn’t fight screens hard enough. It’s infuriating 
It's been acting weird for me also
It's always you trying to pit DLo v Din. Go away you god damn troll. It's beyond annoying. 
Late game rotation killed us this game. DLo should have been in the game over Din, he played better this game.
Honestly never should've put D lo. Don't need experiments in close games. But he should've just put Harris instead. His rotations still baffle me.
And when D'Lo was brought in he did the same thing but at least he was scoring today. Dinwiddie ISOing was ridiculous. 
This from the troll who has literally written thousands of negative posts about Lin!  Ha hah!
Wouldn't say that but he's definitely frustrating to watch
Yea he got subbed in when he was cold. I told you he can’t play with Dinwiddie. Both are too ball dominant. 
We have one viable center with size and he played a poor game.
So...what is your point?  DLo missed 30 games.  Is he crap, too?   Gordon Hayward, what a terrible signing by the Celts!   
These Lin fans think they speak for the Nets fan base for some reason 
What fucking world do you live in? 
10 points in 19 minutes yet still riding the bench? Absolutely hate the way this team is handling this injury.
1. What if the player I rank doesn't go to draft this year?
2. Why 1-30, when draft has 2 rounds?
Because we are the Brooklyn Nets. We dont have a future. We dont have draft picks until 2054. We are the worse team in the NBA. We have NO talent. At All!!!!
I agree but we are on a 7 game losing streak and lost 10 of 11.... what could possibly be worse?
D'Lo - Okafor pick and rolls were painful to watch.
I rly miss having a mascot like in the NJ days! :(
Uh....we go hard?
Crabbe's problem is his effort level game to game. I don't have a problem with him shooting poorly in a game. I have a problem with the lackadaisical stretches he goes through. He doesn't bring consistent effort game to game. 

For him to return value, he has to be a volume 3pt shooter. If not then there is no reason to have him out there. He just doesn't work hard enough to get through screens on a game by game basis like Harris does. 
Why would we fire a coach now because Billy King was a terrible GM and the team didn't spend for players under the prior owners? What does the last 11 years have to do with anything going on now?
Dude sorry but don't make this arguement just to say Lin would've 100% led this team to the playoffs this year. Stop giving false hope to fans here because tired of keeping my hopes up and then seeing us look like the shit we have been for 3 years.
Do you think Sean Marks will call out Kenny on his terrible rotations and strategies? Or is he completely immune to criticism? 

Taking Joe out and putting JA in completely ruined the flow in the 4th
I've never been a Kenny hater, but what is this guy doing? Seriously? Does he get a contract bonus by playing bench players in tight games with 4 minutes left?

The substitutions at the end of the game are inexcusable. Just doesn't make any sense at all.
Extremely close to worst record in the league now...
I really can't fucking understand this shit. The slow ass fuck starts which are noticeable a lot they still fucking do it and they when they want to recover, oh too late! ... They can't learn this shit wtf.  
And Kenny I really can't understand this, last 2 minutes, oh lets put the bottom of the bench already, again. Clippers stay with their starters.  
The minutes distribution is absolute garbage.
Please someone make a rant on Kenny. I am tired of him getting all  these passes. He should stay for development and has a chance but he simply cannot out coach even fucking Jeff Hornaceck.  
Kenny just as bad as Brett Brown
No he fucking sucks
Yeah it is sad Kenny is ruining it.This is shameful to this fanbase that punk Magic and Kings are game behind us. I know this team is bad but we are not worse than  5 teams in this league. This is terrible and we don't deserve it. Fuck the NBA and BS.
Our poor starts are why we are losing. That’s solely on the starters.
Let’s also temper expectations. If Quincy Acy is that playing 30plus minutes, you’re not a very good team.  Really missing Rondae 
Acy provided 0 defense this game. He just does charges and hits one or two triples.
One of my biggest problems with him is that he is so reactionary. Everytime there is a bad play, he just loses his shit. I see Brad Stevens on Celtics and he is always cool as fuck. Why can't we have a coach like him?
They suck. If it wasn't for porzingis and Jeff they would would be worst jet he league. They have Jarret Jack as a reasonable player for them. 
I’m sorry 
Curry’s a poor man’s Dinwiddie.
IT is a scorer’s scorer.  A ball dominant PG.  If Brooklyn was going that route, I would’ve advocated for signing Tyreke this past offseason.  
Yeah, calling out KLove was odd to say the least. 
You know rent/property values are insane in Brooklyn when a professional basketball player is in a studio.
As a life long buckeye fan. Dlo is starting to piss me off. His effort  and activity goes goodbye & he turn into a terrible basketball player whenever there is adversity. Thought the trade might help with his maturity. But this is not the guy he was at Ohio State.  Embarrassing.
Why take Joe out when he came in like two minutes ago and is 7/11? I'm just watching the game cast, did he get hurt or something?
holy fuck that finish by Joe
mad when quincy doesn't shoot, sad when he does... what to do
Oh boy... another slow start, just what I needed today.
We should probably try to upgrade our frontcourt this offseason. We desperately need rebounding and defense off the bench
They aren't even doing any plays ... wtf man. Its just pick and rolls.
I'm sorry, I just don't see it with DLo
Damn.  this is pretty terrible already
I hate this team
Acy is so fucking bad ... jesus dude, 0 defense
Refs really hate us, don’t they?
clips have 66 at the half :/
Allen got 10 min of playtime in 1st half. WOW

I wish KA/coach stop trying to go small ball to this team. :(
I rather us get blown out than making a crazy comeback to lose 
It just is frustrating. I shouldn't be letting sports get into my life, but being a Giants fan, a Nets fan, and even a Seton Hall fan has been embarassing. I am just tired of t spoiled fanbases getting coddled by the NBA while we don't do anything. This team is not good but we shouldn't be with the embarassment of the Kings, Hawks, and Magic right now. Now I have to hear D lo is a bust, it is sickening and not fair to fans of this team especially NJ ones. I don't understand and I am tired of victim snowflake Laker fans o this sub, fuck out of here if you support D lo or not.
It's like a switch just flipped in Russell.

Throughout the game, he looked tentative, hesitant, and looking to pass way too much.  Then, it's the 4th and he goes "fuck it" and goes into gunner mode.
what is wrong with d'lo jesus christ
Please I want Kenny on roast tonight. He deserves it. Done giving him passes. Look at him give up too ridiculous. Now our team is worst team in the league even worse than the joke of the league Kings. Embarassment. 
Nets nation, I hope we lose every game for the rest of the season.
The guy is not a good coach. I have been telling this sub. His rotations are awful
You be hating like shit. Terrible takes
Doing what he does. Lazy shots
That literally accomplishes nothing for us, keeps us as the laughing stock of the NBA, puts our rookies in the wrong mindset for future team progress, and gives Cleveland the #1 pick
It's not the skills, it's the effort. Just because your shot isn't going doesn't mean you shouldn't bring the effort defensively
Ugh, sorry to hear that.
This dude is every game spouting the same nonsense. “you guys all hate DLo” or dumb shit like that. I think at this point should be on the banned watch list
He’s playing like Ass, no denying. I’m Not a Stan I just feel this fan base doesn’t know how to judge talent. Shit neither does Kenny. 
League average is 35%... So that's bad?
>Just gotta hope we don't turnover the ball

Setting yourself up for disappointment, I see. Ya damn sadist
since you don't know your seats, you can't sell your tickets if you can't go. Edit: also looks like the seats are bad
Knicks games are a rip-off.
fucked in the ass again
I agree. as an ex-Hornets fan when Kemba was on the block every trade was absolutely awful and they kept thinking that we would just take their shit because they're the cavs and they have Lebron. I fucking hate Cavs, Lakers, and Celtics fans the most.
That's because most Cavs fans weren't Cavs fans until 3 years ago. Pathetic people
Fuck the cavs??? Fuck the cavs. 
Oh 100%. Fuck the Celtics. I’ll never get tired of saying that. 
that's so depressing rooting for a team that has no real future :(
Stupid question, imho. Why would you marry a girl that won't be Miss World?

Support you local team, ever heard of it?
Injuries/refs/and a lot of other things out of our control have really fucked us this year
The Refs dodnt makes us fall behind by 20 every game. The players need to stop fighting with the refs and focus THE WHOLE GAME. If they did that then they wouldnt be putting themselves in position for a judgement call to decide the outcome of the game. 
Progress my brother.  Progress.  Brooklyn had the worst record in the league last year, and the #1 pick in the draft.

No such thing as being the worst team in the league one year, NBA Champs the next year.  Patience.
Fuck this, I hate moral victories, fuck off.
Game was draining as hell but the legend still stands Allen goes off in the games we lose
Lost the game by going away from what got them in the game. If Kenny can't use this game tape as a teaching moment. Then idk.

Also Replace Acy with Cunningham please.
The danger of plus/minus....simply not a great stat.
How did D'Lo shot us out of the game? It was Din who was going ISO on Davis and not making a shot. 5-21 is unacceptable. By the time D'Lo came in, the game was already out of our hands.
Did you watch the game?
That's fucked up, it was Rashad Vaughn video tribute night tonight. 
I'm going to blame all of our losses from this point forward on the depressing loss of elite locker room presence Rashad Vaughn.
nooooo :(
We hardly knew yee
The revenge game...
demmare all u had to do was not that y u do 

edit: fuck u rondo
Fuck yo two minute reports
why is dlo so bad at not turning it over man
[This game rn](https://d1o50x50snmhul.cloudfront.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/09133133/img_1373-800x533.jpg)
Time to break the bad streak and turn things our way
I JUST FUCKING CAME OMG
2 MINUTE REPORT HAHAHAH FUCK YOU
wtf am I watching
Din is a bad boy with that first step man. Whew.
CRABBE HOLY FUCK
HOLY SHIT

ALLEN CRABBE 
WHAT THE FUCK
**ALLEN FUCKING CRABBE MOTHERFUCKER DO YOU SMELL ME**
fuck if he hit that 3...
holy crap that acy shot was the definition of "aiming instead of shooting" or whatever bullshit
tired legs all around
The hate has simmered down. Why not be consistent?
No excuses win tonight. Frustrated with BS I have to deal with as a sports fan this week. If we lose I hope idiots one here stop hyping this team up. We are two wins ahead of the worst team in the league. I'm done keeping my hopes up when this team needs a lot of work.
wtf AD o_o
Why would you go small ball against Anthony Davis? 
Crabbe and Dlo are just insane when hot, Cunningham has already made a couple hustle plays that have won me over
I think it can work Dlo- DIn. Also didn't play together for like 11 games this year anyway. D lo just has to not make turnovers by playing like Jayson Williams. Let Din control the ball or even D lo can work the ball as well. If Lowry and Derozan worked for 5 years in Toronto, it can work with Din and D lo. D lo needs to work on his 3 but he can still work his midrange game with Din.
Crabbe ran that cut hard
31-16 4th quarter scoring this game. Hell. Yes.
These refs are fucking idiots. 
Whoa, wtf happened?!?! We came back?!?!
How is that a foul seriously fuck this league
ugly
bootum sad :(
This fucking dinwiddie iso
I’m so sick of losing 🤢
The guys are losing their composure... Iso after Iso, barely any ball movement, terrible shot selection. 
Fucking pussies can't rebound for shit
This team is putrid. Can't hit shit from beyond the arc but keep trying it. Jesus Christ this is frustrating to watch.
The refs fucking cheating us
How much do you guys hate DeMarre Carroll?
jazz fan here, never watch the nets cept for end of game today...demaare carroll choked like 4 times at the end 
Super terrible rotations to end the game. Kenny blew it. 
Did he legit get waived like an hour before the game?
I agree he has talent. Just not impressed with his IQ. His inability to outmatch his opponents is not there.
What? All the opponents kill us with their mid range game (so called least efficient shot). They don't need to take 3s.
They got to do something about the slow starts. DLo needs to start
very annoying
Why are you doing this? Is it trolling? It's not good trolling if so.
fuck man
I don't understand why its common foul.  The refs this year.  Whats going?
Well that was a foul, so I don't hate him.
What? You can’t be serious 
They were both looking tired.
I think we'd have already shocked the league if it weren't for refball in crunch time and dlo getting injured, losing his offensive rhythm
Yeah I think if Lin doesn’t get hurt, we were in playoff contention. Not saying we get there but at least in the hunt. 
That groin of his must be insanely sore...
He is really bad if you've watched him play
He had sign of "bust" all over him since the draft day. #13 doesn't mean shit, when it's  Vlade Divac and Sacramento office chooses you.
I think Brooklyn should put all their eggs in the Aaron Gordon basket.  I personally like everything about him and his game, except for the double zero jersey number.  Lame.
Works for me.

Also, if they went that route, Nets can still go after either Gordon or Lavine on draft night.

Toronto’s 2018 1st, Indiana’a 2018 2nd, Dinwiddie, Carroll, and RHJ for Gordon and any of Orlando’s bad contracts would probably get it done.  Maybe.


Dude i don't understand your passion to hate on Lin. You showed up on this subreddit a week after D'Angelo was acquired and all you did was praise D'Angelo and trash Lin. There never so much negativity in this subreddit about Lin before
Dude we can just trade him if we want. The guy is going to get money give him some slack. Same with Crabbe, is a worthless player , but got his money. He can still be a backup PG but I agree he should be traded next year. But he deserves to get paid and still be an NBA player.
You're too obsessed with telling Lin fans the "real deal." So you come off sounding ridiculous. 
Yeah we should offer him the max. Too bad we cant because we didnt dump any salary. 
Elfrid Peyton is not good. He doesn’t play defense, he can’t shoot, he clogs the lane with defenders since they don’t respect his shot. He’s just not good.
 Don't hate it, but was looking forward to seeing Vaughn
Wtf did Cunningham have a NTC for?
NETS LEGEND VAUGHN NOOO  
EDIT: Probably trading Carroll?  
EDIT 2: [Aldridge] Nets essentially trade Zeller for Cunningham—who will not seek a release/buyout in Brooklyn
Have no clue about him but at least he isnt a SG
Jesus fuck....what does that mean? Does it mean we're moving someone else as well?
How pointless 
raw prospect at SG vs vet wing who can defend 
yeah defense, corner three, and thats about it. not sure if bkn cuts him or plays him over acy
What an insane last hour it's been. 
YO WADE TRADED TO MIAMI, WTF CAVS CLEANING HOUSE HARD
WTF is happening in Cleveland?
Well thats a lie, the Durant one is shocking. The Boston-Brooklyn even more.
I hope Dlo will get at least  25min game time.
Not a good look at all.
But the post is deleted. So maybe dlo asked the fan page to delete it.
Yeah, that's one thing that I hate about today's game, people going to social media to vent frustration.  Handle that in house or talk to your agent.  Because it is childish
i don't hate on Russell. i want all of our point guards to thrive. Edit: I like Russell 
He really is a terrible passer
Laker fan here. Even when Dlo was with us he was always careless with the ball. 
Turnovers killed us this game.  
Damned if he does, damned if he doesn’t. He’ll be blamed for our losses regardless. Sad situation 
sucks Dlo
oh lord I think I'm retarded. Explain plsss
Oh :(
I firmly believe Spencer Dinwiddie should not be traded. The players Sean Marks should try to trade are Mozgov, Crabbe (both are very difficult cases) and maybe Carroll. 
Stauskas is so bad yish
CRABBE FUCKING HEARD US 
Welp of course we lose the game when Crabbe goes off... the legend still stands
Getting hard to defend D'Lo
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME CRABBE
Mosgov is playing like something besides dead money!
sauce wtf
Are these refs fucking kidding me? Tolliver is fucking doing draymond kick out here after shooting, and carroll gets the foul
seriously...
Might as well put up the post game thread.
I honestly am okay with this performace but I am so outraged today. Seton hall lost and the losses of my teams keep adding. The eagles won and this BS keep happening. I don't get what I have done. Fuck the Eagles and anyone who supports those fucking arrogant assholes. Ruining my luck and won't eve shake a hand of an Eagles fan. Fucking thugs.
Yeah but that yellow no. 5 is bad for you long term
And it's mid January in Detroit. When the sun goes down it's brick ass cold


Anyone that says marks is a dumb ass must be insane. Have you seen what he's done for this franchise so far?
Yes:(
Damn he misses a game in Michigan where he's from. That sucks
Come on. That chart is obviously fake.

  Pluto isn’t even a planet.
I'm mad we don't got Space Man in there
Where the fuck is Elon's car?
Charlotte is doing stupid stuff, adding another big guy, overpaying for it.
Knicks capitalized on someone's stupidity.
Worse than Kuzma and Markkanen in my eyes. Not even close to Simmons, who's legit ROY.
*affects

(Sorry to be that guy)
Knicks always will be bad.

Just trade him. I am tired of our fanbase not accepting him.
I don't think anyone wants Brook over DLo, just cause we miss him doesn't mean it was the wrong move
Holy shit milt wtf
Missed the game but Jesus it sounded like a shitshow with how toxic the sub is and the Caris injury.
D'Lo is depressing me.
Extremely questionable lineup in the last few minutes
Thanks for saying this, the fanboys are the worst. If you don’t want to talk about the team just get out and make a sub for your dickriding/hate
That hit was terrible.  I hope he was just winded.
Yup I know, fanboys has its up and downs. I need to lower this toxicity, its awful.
My portuguese-englando showed up. YIKES. my bad
Nah, he had a bad game, and is having a bad stretch. It's not because of lineups. That said, should we all turn against our 21 year old prospect with very high potential? Fuck no.
Kid's got insane upside... Also remember that one time he scored a open 3 in clutch time recently. 

If he can become a 35% 3 shooter he'd be unstoppable.
*rockets insane shot tho
that's my bad, had a mental lapse
his restaurant got such bad reviews like guys it's not good. ^^^supposedly 
Not his fault the lakers were stupid
Idk. . . over the past two years he's played for two of the worst teams in basketball and has spent time absolutely spot welded to the bench. 

He may just be plain ole' unplayable.
Avoid as a plague.

Miami just another team that fucked their payroll with average guys unable to become real contender, let them rot. I want to see them paying 2 years of Tyler Johnson 19 mln. each.
Skills challenge fucked
Surrounding DLO with Okafor, Nik, and Webb is just bad
Did you hear that kid at halftime? Said he was fucking tired to that girl.
WTF, what's Oakley doing at the game?  That's my dude.  I hate how Dolan did him last year
Are u fucking kidding me

DLo looking bad offensively.
WTF HES BLEEDING
sigh

LeVert injury took the wind out of this game
Fuck I miss Rondae...
My friend brought her boyfriend to the game because it's his birthday...but they're in Rockets shirts because he's a Harden fan 😒.
JESUS FUCK SPENCER
11-0 run by the Rockets fuck
It's a concussion at least...
D'Angelo Russell and ballstopping that loses us games. THERE IS NO BETTER COMBO. 


Holy shit fuck that ballhog
nene you dirty fuck
Untradeable Russell shooting us out of the game, absolutely dreadful defense aswell
Chris Paul you fucking flopper 
Webb fucking sucks man. He provides no space for DLo or others. 
Bullshit Dlo sucks Dlo trade him trade him
I think that's counterproductive. He needs to earn minutes, at least play well on one end like Crabbe. Russell is playing horrible basketball, and doesn't deserve to start, he stops the ball, hinders ball movement, defends like a fucking fridge and turns the ball over a lot with unnecessary flashy passes.
Partly because all of them are bad, including D'Angelo, he is straight up losing us this game
So people can discuss pre game.
I've got bad news about your "friend".
0/70 on 3's that mean something
That wasn't dirty, caris just didn't see him 
Lin trolls out in force. They must have just broken their hate DLo huddle
If you're too stupid to understand that I like D'LO for his potential and want to play him for his potential then I'm just going to stop responding to your blatant hating. You're just being annoying.
Are you fucking kidding? D'angelo is the reason we're losing this game, if you don't acknowledge that, I feel sorry for you.
His reaction was stupid, but calm down.
I agree with you, but they all hate me for it!
+/- doesn't really have to do w/ one player. A player can play horrible & still have a positive +/- cos of how teammates perform. & that run wasn't all on him. Yeah offense was horrible, but defensively he played pretty well. During that run, CP3 was just pulling up from deep in ppl's faces, Green was knocking down 3's in transitions, so you can't put all the blame on DLo for that run. You definitely can put some blame on him for playing bad offensively but it isn't all on him.
Yeah, waaayyyyyyyyy too soon to call this a failed trade.  Reactionary fools.  Let him get 30 tomorrow and, oh, he should be an all star! 
On the real though, fuck Hillary and fuck Trump
I do agree, it's just annoying to see people turn on a high upside guy like D'Lo because he's having a bad stretch. The blatant unabridged hate is ridiculous for a guard who is 21 and has shown obvious potential.
OMG he did. Well that's just fucking ridiculous.
Well everyone knew they were rebranding to Brooklyn the next year, so why buy stuff that will be outdated in months?
Who give a fuck?
I want a bloody first if we take Deng.
There’s no chance the Heat make Winslow available. Thinking Carroll, an old expensive worse version of Winslow could land him is insane. 
I read someone (Lowe or Dubin, someone like that) said that the Heat people have soured a bit on Winslow.
I rather keep my earners than him. Cavs are desperate and stupid so they might take the bait. Thye won't give up our pick and can get a guy who is 25 and defend.
Because I bet another team could offer that cap relief and a contributing role player (even a guy like Acy). It's hard to sell to fans losing a long-time player AND a 1st round pick and getting nothing tangible. An injured player is bad for PR.
I know. I dont want anything to do with Leuer to just get back Johnson. Johnson up until point has been very disappointing. Im not taking dead money for him. Not worth it. 
Because Casspi has no perimeter defense and Nick Young has terrible shot selections.
As long as he can catch in traffic on PnR it'll be an insane improvement over Thon and Henson 
The common line among bucks fans and journalists is that our ball handlers have an irrational amount of trust in our centers to catch basketballs
I don't hate anyone besides Acy. I just think crabbe is somewhat still worth something and I wouldn't mind not having him. 
I’m not sure, he’s expiring so maybe it’s like a Jahlil thing and if he doesn’t impress he will just not be resigned
Based on how Woj/Lowe reacted to the trade, Vaughan was essentially a throw-in. He'll get a few games but would not be shocked if he was cut or traded again at some point.
You mean like the mistake he made twice. 

Crabbe was a bad choice the first time Marks offered him that ridiculous contract. 

The fact he lined up for it again the second time without getting at least a 1st shows you Marks is going to bite us in the ass anyway. 

Napoleon had Waterloo. BK had DWill. That's what Crabbe will be to Marks. 
Sorry, the moron WOj misguided me
What makes you think the Nets are desperate to get a superstar FA? Who would come without a massive overpay? 
Nets are not in a position to dump a negative asset in Mozgov. While it may be frustrating to watch him ride the bench he was the seal that allowed us to get a player of Russell’s potential. 
FUCK.
No where in my heart :( but realistically, I can see the Nuggets, Thunder, or someone like the Pelicans trading for him. No idea what his value is though since he's in his contract year, which is unfortunate
Another [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9x_KdQdoDCk). This man is insane against Brooklyn, perhaps he'll do that every game now that he plays for you guys. 
Man why'd you have to post this video? This loss fucking hurt, fuck our lack of defensive rebounds last year.
Unfortunately i have a feeling that Joe is going :(.  
If you hated someone, wouldn't you want to send them to Milwaukee too
Off topic rant, but I seriously cannot wait for the end of the 2018 NBA Draft.
zeller is a poor man's poor man
bad bot
Yeah by the time he was 25 he was like Kyrie in the game. Even in 18 he becomes like an 86 after a year. 
Nobody thinks that. It's just hard to like DLO sometimes because of his "stans."
Those are the new bandwagon fans man.

It's insane. I'm looking around at who the hell these people saying this dumb shit are. Like...WHO ARE YOU?
Also because he’s sloppy with the ball and I think that sets a bad example for the rest of the guys.
Here's a sneak peek of /r/wholesome using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/wholesome/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!

\#1: [he won me back](https://i.redd.it/v26roxw3pevz.png) | [6 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/wholesome/comments/7a5hoq/he_won_me_back/)  
\#2: [Fart when people hug you. You’ll make them feel strong.](https://np.reddit.com/r/wholesome/comments/78xmza/fart_when_people_hug_you_youll_make_them_feel/)  
\#3: [Help me get karma so I can make a birthday Subreddit for my fiancée](https://np.reddit.com/r/wholesome/comments/73349q/help_me_get_karma_so_i_can_make_a_birthday/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/7o7jnj/blacklist/)
I have people who post these super unrealistic trades and they’re like “WHO SAYS NO!?!?”
No one is out for DLo.  He needs to improve.  Anyone disagree?  "Once he got fouled out...." excuse me he committed SIX fouls in 18 minutes, he fouled himself out!!!!  That's on him, it's a bad thing, it's not something some disembodied spirit did to him!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you're talking to me, you're talking to the wrong guy. You may have read my post wrong or maybe my post didn't state it clearly, but I'm a DLo fan myself. One of my fav. players. This was directed to the ppl on the sub who complain/don't like how DLo fans are on the sub. Although, Ima have to disagree w/ some things you say. 
Im cool w/ ppl criticizing him, like I said, but how are ppl gonna critcize the man for things & not do the same for Din? I get DLo is held to a higher standard, but like I said in my post, there was someone who posted DLo's stat line basically saying he played bad cos he shot horrible & had 2TOs +6 fouls, but didn't point out the Din shot like crap also, had a similar AST/TO ratio & had a miserable -20 +/- while DLo was a +3. If ppl are gonna say DLo played bad & use his stat line, why aren't they saying Din also played bad when looking at his stat line? But instead choose to choose certain stats to show DLo played bad & not show the same stats for Din but instead use that stats that make Din played great?
Well yeah, we all agree with what you said, but I don't think DLo will learn to not foul out because we bitched about it on Reddit and got mad at other people for not believing what we believe 
I guess I’m finding this out it just triggers me man 😡 Dlo the truth tired of his disrespect 
No you misunderstood, he was saying d lo supporters always pick out bad stats or whatever and I was saying supporters is the wrong word, but now I see I misunderstood 
Crabbe is in a really terrible slump right now. Gotta give Stauskus or Harris his spot next game 
On the real though, Webb is absolutely terrible
people have already told you this, it's not easy to trade Crabbe
[I miss the old one so bad] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0WFHVSaWFQ) +czar
"D lo sucks," idiots who don't give him time but give Levert and others all the time in the world.
Fuck the refs. D'LO got us back in the game.
Gosh Crabbe is atrocious
I already know I ain't watching the second quarter, this team looks so pathetic at times
Gotta feed Jah. Maker too thin
SK about to revenge fuck us 
we look lifeless again. It's been a common theme as of late. 
What's up with the weird lineups today? Din, D'Lo,Levert playing 3 minutes at a time.
And that's game boys
Bucks and Knicks always kill us and what’s one thing they have in common....
It's fucking disgusting how bad these refs are
Oh fuck me...
DLo is fucking useless.
This is so bad, I'm tempted to turn to the Knicks game
He got blocked bad by Brook and Giannis in b2b games, posterized with dunks but still doesn't shy away from attacking the rim. I wish we can pair him with an above average PF who can clear the lane for him.
They won’t bash din tho. It’s crazy 
Still bad though.
Man that’s lame.
I didn't watch the game, so just looked at box score. 

Din 9 pts (3-11, 1-6 3pt), 10 asts, 3stls, 1 TO, -20

DLo 3 pts (1-8, 1-1 3pt), 7 asts, 2 TO, 6 fouls, +3

I mean if you're going to point out DLo's bad shooting night, shouldn't you do the same for Din? & also point out DLo's asts too? Even +/- also since that's also used against DLo? 

This is one of the main reasons why DLo supporters on this sub are the way they are (including myself at times). Ppl seem to pick every bad that about how DLo played & use it against him, but not the same w/Din.
Yeah well idiots here don't do that it makes me sick.
This sub has the tendency to overvalue original players (Spencer, Rondae) and hate on anyone that came from another team. 
Aight man, let's tell ourselves that. Truth is, we are the worst team in the NBA.
Thats why i can't wait to prove 76ers fans wrong about oka4
Sorry but Brook*
Find that hard to believe, but hope I'm wrong
This is one tough dude, mentally. He's battled through alot just to get to an NBA bench.  And then that s---head, Byron Scott!
Fucking hell 9 turnovers 
I miss Rondae. At least Jarrett is still a fucking beast
Harris got fouled. Idc if it's bitter but fuck the refs yet again
That run at the start of the 4th quarter was unacceptable. That is the way to lose games - fooling around for a few minutes until you are down so much you can't get back in. Bad shot selection and awful rebounding. I don't like how Russell plays and behaves. 
We need rebounding in the worst way. Carroll for Darrell Arthur and Lydon anyone?
I’m deadass tired of Crabbe 
Allen wtf from downtown
I also noticed an unusual uptick in the number of police at Barclays, and after the game it was like, ‘oh, la fans are awful, gotcchu’
The Lakers grabbing that rebounding with 11 seconds left was fucking awful.
OH MY GOD! I am blown away at how you offended my family and myself I am so upset at your vicious and mean posts. How could you? 
A mans gotta defend himself against Celtics scum with lies
Cheat on her with some dirty Brownsville bitch
I would say yes but im already on my way to the game! Hope it works out for you!!
Nah, SeatGeek refused to deliver the ticket. I used to like them before this but their customer service was so bad that I don’t know if I’ll use them again. 
“Sense of entitlement”


You are literally entitled to something you purchase. That is how purchases work. If there is a listing error, that is on them. A reasonable person expects them to follow the policy that they advertise. You’re an idiot. 
Whoever the seller was didn’t approve the transaction after it went through. But SeatGeek had listed the tickets for sale and didn’t notify me until after the game started that they wouldn’t be available. That is 100% on them. I wouldn’t be mad if they’d at least notified me before the fucking game started. Idiot. 
We would have to give up Dinwiddie and a couple picks at the very least.
RJ has tenure, but even then it's not by much. There's really no objective reason to rank RJ over Vince.
I hate how the Lakers have no clue how to utilize Brook. They're completely wasting his talent while he's in his prime. I hope D'Lo drops 40 on them tonight. 
D Lo I such a dirty passer holy shit
WHOS CUTTING ONIONS?? I CAME HERE TO BE ENTERTAINED NOT TO CRY!
Fucking rebounding man. 
Are you fucking kidding me. Crabbe misses ANOTHER OPEN SHOT and now they can't get the rebound
I hope the lakers take brook out soon so I don’t have to feel bad about jarrett fuckin him up 
DMC has been awful.
Allen didn't fucking touch him
Acy is so bad man
Crabbe sucks ass
I was deadass hyperventilating on that last possession.

Got damn. That fucking hurt. Basketball is sometimes extremely painful.
Brook Lopez obliterated us last time (I wasn't even mad), but this time we have Jarrett Allen at our disposal. Back then we were playing Mozgov who sucks on D. Let's get this W!
wtf is Jarrett Allen
**Fro-nan the Barbarian**

>Crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and hear the lamentation of the women
Ugh Allen being in foul trouble gonna be bad
Spence taking over the game 
Damn hard to hate on Brook
Frustrating 
Allen is about to go off. 

ROY candidate if he can average a double-double as a starter on sick FG%
Another slow start for us
bad last 3 shots
WHAT A BEAST THIS MAN IS WTF
Nets really need to trade DeMarre while he as value, hes been so awful this new year yikes
this game is lit
fuck this
Fuck
Damn that no call on ingram self pass to assist on 3 cost us the game
If D'Lo doesn't close out the game tonight with Din, I would be so pissed. 
We lost the Brook in Brooklyn :'(
I miss Booker :(
Wtf you ask? He is a beast
Laker fans piss me off but don't bother. But yeah JA is not a fluke like with Kuzma so they should give respect. Tired of them thinking the league runs around them.
Happens every game
Na man. Fuck Brook
My wife’s at the game and said no (or not yet).
Careless Levert 

His focus drifts sometimes. 

He will learn. 
I'm a laker fan and you're annoying me
Laker fan here, stop making us look bad
Oh, that's cute, you've forgotten how embarrassingly awful you guys have been for the past few years.
I don't even know what that is supposed to mean

Feel like DLo fucked his mom or sister or girl or something.
It's not easy tbh 
I actually cannot believe you think I have EVER talked like that.  You are just dead wrong on that.  
Justice Winslow is awful.
It’s a slight over pay, but it’s probably what will have to get it done.

Just for a casual debate..... What if Marks countered with Toronto’s 2018 1st and Dinwiddie?
Devin Harris....good lord I’ve been through some shit!!
weird, they removed, my bad.
This would be a lineup against a twin towers team but usually I think we’d go with a stretch four instead of Jah 
Well, now you have at least one. 
If the fucking celtics touch **I SWEAR TO GOD**
FUCK THE CELTICS!

Nah, I'm kidding. We'll always begrudge you guys, but it wasn't your fault that our picks just so happened to fall in your lap. There's no actual bad feelings.Thanks for the compliments though. It does mean a lot.
fuck i want him back so bad
come home :( 
:'(
Those idiots don't know how to use him.

They're also fucking him over on a contract year. Unprofessional. 
Props to everyone tonight. What a fucking performance.I'm looking at you Dinwiddie, D'Lo, and Allen. Well fucking done!


LETS GOOOO. My co-worker is a Sixers fan and he was talking MAD shit today. For once, i cant wait for work lmaooo I even said Dinwiddie is due for a big game 
Dinwiddie and Russell combining for 49 points? Yes!

Russell scoring 22 points in only 16 minutes? YES!

I wish I could have watched the game!
Some of these sixers fans are really casual fans. They don't even know who some of their bench players are
He was way too surprised he got open... made up for it with that nasty spin move though!
And that's what I miss about him :( 
Ha, I hope not. Thinking of going to Friday's game. 
I understand Webb is out there for development but at these moments of the game... no 
wtf is Jarrett Allen?
fuck i miss booker 
okafor revenge game HERE WE GO BABY
Dlo is having lou william-esque game. Hes on when hes on
This should be the game where KA finally has DLo & Din in the backcourt go close the game.
That DLo TO on fastbreak is what I mean when I say DLo is overthinking shit. He has been indecisive since return.
Mmm

Grady's voice got my dick hard
Booker is going to flex on us and bm us so hard
we play hard!!!
Wtf is that up and down
Crabbe...you sorry sack of shit you...
Crabbe should be embarrassed with that sorry drive
Stop turning the game into a sixers home game
Filthy fans booing him here ...
Everyone else on the floor is at least 6'6"
Sorry. I gave my tickets to by brother in law who is a Philly fan (all sports, though at least he likes the Steelers and not the Eagles). So I'm not helping the situation. 
His knee is cold now. No point
fuck everything at this point
Why do you think that is?  We were so tough on everyone for about two months.  
Remember against Toronto he went 5/5? Now  he’s like fuck that and he went 6/6 from the field
Smallest of small samples, but he is also shooting 43% from three. 
yep, my bad
Think about this for a minute

If last year at this time I told you we could get DLo and Mirotic for Lopez, the 27th pick in last years draft and the 27th pick in this years draft you would have came in your pants before saying yes. 

I dont know why people are so attached to the Toronto pick. I would rank dumping Mozogov and getting Mirotic well ahead of the 27th pick.
No reason to trade the pick, we're in a hard rebuild
Yeah read about that the Knicks just kept fucking you guys with bills for playing in NY
Is it bad as a nets fan, I just nitpick over missed foul call or incorrect call.
So frustrating to watch. When they play like this it takes years off my life. 


I was afraid of Kenny putting DLo in too much and taking Dinwiddie out and that's what happened. Gotta stick with Dinwiddie at point and put the ball in his hands 
are LeVert and Rondae playing tomorrow? i'm going to the game...
Okafor is absolutely terrible. Much rather see Zeller out there than him.
It's insane that the Knicks actually care about playing against us, while we have the mentality of ''Oh, both teams are not playoffs, they are figuring it out, etc etc''.  
Jesus dude.
Is Dinwiddie hurt?  It was weird that he didn't come back into the game in the 4th.
He’s still rusty as fuck and has been awful since he came back 
Whenever the Nets get an extra day off, they get run hard.  The game seems to be an afterthought.  It fits the development focus, but it's quite frustrating to watch on the court sometimes.
Kenny ceded the game. He kept the bench in for development.
saving him for tomorrow's game
Crabbe is utterly useless if he isn't hitting shots. Gotta get him outta the game 
Crabbe is a fucking trashbag. Cant hit shit.
Russell looks so awful jesus
Stop letting Porzingis get any type of space on the fucking three
Okafor just a step behind it seems 
the fact we never got swept by the Knicks as Brooklyn ... oh god. And this team is not the worse team from all this years. Fuck me
Idgaf, I put a Post Game Thread. It's done. Sick of this.
the fucking theatrics of the pre-game.... this is why I could get a ticket to Nets/Knicks at the Barclays for $20, but couldn't get one at MSG for less than $70
Ever since that fucking OKC game we can't defend shit.
Offense been bad for a minute and now with the defense failing this is the product.
Kenny and this small ball shit is killing us.
omg again this decision making from Russell wtf
This is so fucking ugly
He doesn’t take boxing out seriously 
But his 3pt shooting hasn't been there since beginning of season really. I feel like his inconsistent base plays a part of it. & probably follow through also.l
we fucking trade him for a pick :( 

now we look like a team that only live and die in the 3 and can not rebound any more. :(
Well they also have KP who we have no answer for. And we shot horribly
Mozgov is awful on defense
You :(
It sounds like he will take a discount to stay. So other team probably needs to beat us by at least $1 million a year. 

And he still has a ways to go before earning a contract above our imposed max. God those plus/minus numbers are atrocious. Though I think way small sample from his time in Brooklyn. 
Says some sad unsuccessful dude who roleplays as a draft pick on Reddit as a hobby
tf does that even mean
He sucks
i miss the flexing. no1 flexes anymore :(
are they going to play against the Sixers at least? I'm going
I wouldn't bet on Dlo or Rondae playing that game, maybe Caris
If you're gonna be the Nets pick, at least spell LeVert correctly 
Bradley is an undersized defensive wiz in the middle of having a bad season.  He is redundant on the Nets, and would not have any defined role on the team.
Neither have Rondae and DLo. Are they trash players too who negatively affect their team?
Noah is cancer and shit, Mozgov even if he is shit and a bench warmer at least is a cheerleader and the team likes him.  
So no.  
Unless they give stuff to get rid off him.
What an awful fucking trade. Why the fuck would the Nets make this trade? 

Lydon is out for the year and Faried is yet another big who cant shoot from the perimeter. 

Give me a break with all of these so called "experts" suggesting these lopsided trades to the team we trade with. 

>And Brooklyn was trying to work out a deal for Faried this summer.

No the Nets were trying to get a 1st for taking on Faried dumbass. SMH 

My god this is some stupid shit right here. 
Although I don't think it's an "awful trade" per se (Just bad) I still think 99.99% of experts are just glorified redditers with sources. It's ridiculous to think people listen to these guys as gospel and when you disagree with them you know nothing about basketball
fuck off knicks 
Ronbae: ''I'm not gonna lie, if it came down to oh you have to save somebody it would be me''  
LeVert: ''oh''  
  
wtf, that reaction killed me.
I would be fucking miserable. Way too attached to Rondae.
Really? I thought Dolan never wanted to deal with the Nets. Something like he hated Prokhorov. 
I’m the fucking Nets pick. 
I came here to give you guys advice and you treat me like this. No wonder why you guys sent me away. I wasn’t wanted here anyways. Fuck all of you. 
Poor Pelicans.
The NBA Trade Machine wins thing is so messed up. I've fucked around and done mega-trades where like LeBron, Steph and Harden all end on one team and it's like, "You have improved this team's record by 1 game."
Acy has also been much more solid on defense than I gave him credit for. He's still a terrible, terrible, terrible ballhandler, but he's credible on both sides of the ball. As long as he's not handling it.
Neither of these are issues that need to be addressed at the moment. Dlo is extremely rusty and acy isn't that bad. 
That seems like an absolute awful trade for the Cavaliers. I'd be absolutely ecstatic if we could grab that deal.
Fuck...I'm not a real fan :'(
Am I a fake fan?
Remember that Marcus Williams game vs Phoenix where he hit like 10 long 2s
Not good you say?
Gotta earn respect somehow, fuck the refs!
Gonna need that guy to shut the fuck up
at least he cares
Fuck the refs 
i want Whitehead playing every game
All things considered this wasn't a bad game.
Man did it start bad. And the Timberwolves uniforms almost made it unwatchable as well. 
Okafor gotta get at least 20 shots up tonight.

I want Mozzy.

I need spinssss
Butler with the blatant travel. No call
btw, not gonna create a post game thread, you fucks do it.
Fucking fade me...
#RAW SAUCE
Fucking refs
"Okafor Sucks dick," idiots who glorify those asshole Sixer fans. 
#SAUCE ME THE FUCK UP FAMOOO
Okafor is so bad, we should've tried to get a pick for Booker instead
Game's over, may as well just do it now.
seriously!
Yeah everyone hates him and sucks Lonzo and Kuzma's dick.
I don't think a lot of us hate him. I think we just acknowledge his flaws. I like Jah a lot, and think he can succeed, but he has problems with his game.
How are we supposed to get inside?  Taking a mid-range jumper is the worst thing you could do.

no one on the planet gives a fuck about what you like man. 
We screwed fuck this
well even our 3pt specialist hasn't been shooting well :(
Seriously though.
It's rust.

Edit: Did he not look improved this game?
It’s rust.  On the Lakers, it often took him about 8 games to round into form coming back from injury.  This is in line with how he recovered in the past.  He needs game time to get into rhythm.
IT has looked horrible this year.
On one hand, shitty fucking game all around.

On the other hand, D’LO BABY!!
Acys been having a really rough year. After a foul was called on him, you can hear him the throw the basketball on the court and yell out “fuck.” Poor guy it must be so fucking demoralizing 
I missed the game. I see DLo had 7 turnovers and 0 assists, and took 14 shots in 21 minutes. Was it as bad as that looks? 7 turnovers in 21 minutes feels like a record. And 14 shots and 0 assists in 21 minutes looks like...well, shooting every time down the floor.
I know you people love to hate on Acy, but a low swerve:ing no-look bounce pass is NOT a good fucking pass. 
I have NEVER sen people forgive, strain and explain away crappy performances the way people on this thread do for DLo game after game, pointing at individual PLAYS.  I don't buy the rusty thing, but at least saying he looks rusty acknowledges that he is playing like horse do do.  But if you read this thread, then looked at the box score, you would not believe it!
delete the game thread, maybe it will make the game go away
why the fuck is rondae guarding giannis?
Well fuck this game.
Is anyone else's dick hard?
Acy is deadass useless smh 
I missed the game.  I see DLo had 7 turnovers and 0 assists, and took 14 shots in 21 minutes.  Was it as bad as that looks? 7 turnovers in 21 minutes feels like a record.  And 14 shots and 0 assists in 21 minutes looks like...well, shooting every time down the floor.
Words cannot express how useless Acy is. They're down one man on the floor with him out there
Dlo has looked  awful since his return :/
Another slow start and another missed goaltending call
Wtf is going on mayne
Wtf
Hey shit....

We are extra awful right now.

Can't make shit.

Can't defend shit.
Man..this is getting even worse and worse
Jarett fucking Allen
Seeing Skil makes me a sad panda
Fuck..

This trade is awful for the Nets
Damn son. If u/Sen_Sei_77 says a trade is awful, that’s how you really know that joint is bad.
Every single game
Sorry bro idk which video this is from :/
So we’d lose every game for the rest of the season? 😕😕😕
Yet another trade suggested by someone who doesn't know a single fucking thing about our team.
I don't think he gets traded. This young team desperately needs his leadership, and I think Marks/Atkinson know that. Plus, DeMarre's agent was assured by Marks that he wasn't looking to trade him, 
Fake news 
New Orleans doesn't have shit to pay for Carroll. Only worst contracts you can imagine that require some draft picks to get rid of them alone. Will they sent 2 1st rounders with Asik and Ajinca? No. 
"You're not going anywhere, Demarre!


....at least not today."
This ridiculous format USA vs World killed everything. When it was standard rookies vs sophomores game we sent player every year.
LeVert got robbed this year.
i mean this is dinwiddie's fourth year, he doesn't qualify for rising stars. which is why it's so disappointing he was snubbed from the asg
Lmao so we should have won, or at the very least, been tied. 

Fuck the refs, hope all the electronic equipment in their homes start to malfunction and cause them unimaginable grief
I fucking can't believe they missed that. Please post that on r/NBA 
Damn. I kinda hate these reports. They actually make me feel worse. Yeah refs have a incredibly difficult job but damn, it’s happening a lot with us. Just January alone I feel we got like these reports that talked about incorrect calls. 

Whatever man. It sucks but hey. It all balances out though (I hope) demarre’s three point attempt was definitely a shot clock violation but wasn’t called and RHJ got two points from it. 
All 5 incorrect-non-calls in the report went in OKC's favor.  Not to mention that horrible Adams moving screen.
how about a common foul video with a painted red circle (MS Paint style) around the game time which shows 5 seconds left, 1 point game, and then zoom into Dinwiddie on the floor
I put this as my wallpaper and my hands instantly went cold and numb
Fuck Danny and absolutely fuck the Celtics.
There's so much wrong here
So in other words we should have won this game..
No OT tonight... 

If you can't make a shot, might as well commit a blatant foul.
"... maul game."
Every screen set by Steve Adams is a illegal screen, and yet he yells at the refs all the time.
You guys are always so hard to play against, I have nothing but respect for your team. 
Fuck Raymond Felton
Really hate when we have big leads like this because you know almost all the time we lose that in the 4th quarter when it really matters 
:(
live and die with the iso. not a big fan of Lawrence Frank but at least the dude could draw up sick plays 
Tbf, lighting the Cavs up isn't much of an accomplishment. Their defense is atrocious.
Dude seriously how are you not banned
joe harris is mad he was snubbed from the all star game
Joe fucking Buckets
I mean, moving screen, but k
it feels weird to get calls
joe harris is that fucking dude
Can someone bring a Snickers on the floor and slow down Raymond fuckin Felton??
Are you serious Dinwiddie... smh
i want spencer and d'lo like wtf man 
We never defend our lead. We always have bad 4th Q & blow lead & lose.
JARRETT FUCKING ALLEN DUDE
If Dinwiddie gets another fucking game winner, I’m cumming 
holy fuck spence fuck my bitch PLEASE
Man the Thunders defense is nasty.
These refs are fucking trash
How the fuck does refs not see goaltending call
Fuck..
.
Ugh fucking hell
**FUCK**
fuck i thought that went in...
fuck
Fuck
Crabbe. Brutal. 
Levert... dont fuck it up now
Fucking Kobe-esque
His butter fingers are so frustrating! Catch the ball!
Fucking jinxing it!
Joe Harris going in raw
fuck you
4-9 with 10 points.  He's not the brutal one out there.
Fuck off
You guys are pathetic.  Grasping.
Keep going. I get hard with the Nets fans rage.
Not as hard as us!
I did find this though...please tell me they're wrong about how Dinwiddie is 20th in the league at shooting in crunchtime

http://stats.nba.com/players/clutch-advanced/?sort=TS_PCT&dir=-1&CF=GP*GE*10:USG_PCT*GE*30
Lin's done starting, at least here. I'm pretty sure patella is the worst or one of the worst things he could've done to his knee 
Fucking hell..

Come on, Detroit. Get serious. 
Thought he had it wrong when he said 18 ppg but I looked and those two games reduced his ppg 3 points already


Anyways that article was downright crazy and I’m not sure how they think they could never get dinwiddie but get Russell for Jon Leuer and a first?
[Mannnnnnn....if you don’t sit the fuck down!!!!!!!!!!](https://imgur.com/a/5SUKE) 
Fuck that...
They’re fucking stupid.
3 Dinwiddie game winners, 3 games taken from us by the refs.
I just hate how Sam Hinkie is seen as a god, I think their fans are alrlight, they've been through the same shit as the Nets. Awful years followed by some promise now. That being said, tanking hasn't even been proven to actually be a viable strategy and people are already saying "omg hinkie pls be gm for [enter team here]"
billy fucking king everybody
So much hate for Kidd. He led us to two finals and is probably the best player to ever wear a Nets uniform. He wasn’t a bad coach when he was here, either. He had a failed coup but I don’t blame him for trying to take over personnel decisions from Billy King.   





Fuck J kidd..he was a Fucking snake
Fucking idiots...that’s who.
Yeah, but after that Ownership was going to give him a raise. At the time, Kerr got a ridiculous contract and Nets said they would match that amount for Kidd. Kidd said NO. 
He is not a lockdown defender but I think he plays solid defense. Maybe not much better average but much better than bad. But sometimes he look bad becasue we put players like Porzingiz and Davis etc on him
Yes, I'd like that. But we also need one of our Centers to play well enough that Atkinson closes with one of them instead of Acy at Center. I'm doubtful that OK4 gets there this season, but I could see both Zeller and Allen getting closing minutes instead of Acy. 
So does this happen about 5 or 6 minutes into the game tomorrow night?
He's bad but not that bad considering physical regression and mental turmoil that he went through this season and the fact he's a player that doesn't fit our style. After a summer of workout and adapting to our strategy he'll be a beast - I have no doubt in my mind about it.
I get hard
This is kinda disturbing.
What is the pat Mccaw thing? I keep seeing that not sure where it’s from though
SEND THAT MAN TO THE ALL STAR GAME
Dinwiddie is soo fucking legit, he hit a bunch of clutch shots for us. 
DINWIDDIE ADDS ONE TO THE LIST OF TEAMS HE FUCKED BAREBACK
Spencer mother Fucking dinwiddle! 
God damn that was a game. Let's go to playoffs!
He did get fouled, but I think he should know by now that refs usually don't call those for the last shot of the game
Unless it's the team that has the chance of fucking Boston over.
Wtf???? There's no way that's a foul....
Well, I am just stating facts. He is a terrible 3 point shooter who is shooting 28% from 3 and 36% from the field this month. Those are terrible numbers for a PG. Just because he won us one game doesn't mean he is any good. He is the one who put us in the position to begin with. Just admit it, he is a bench player who is starting on a terrible team. There is no shame in that.
Allen has bad hands.
Joe Harris is fucking insane
Does Allen have the worst hands on the team? Every time he gives up the ball in the paint.
Joe Harris bringing his A game every night
Slow down a little bit rook. Let the play come to you
Are you fucking serious Dinwiddie???
jesus fucking christ
Yes fucking yes!!!
FUCK YES SPENCE
GET FUCKED KIDS
DINWIDDIE IS A FUCKING GOD!!!!
We're making some dumbass fucking passes.
What the fuck
Why not just inbound it to Carroll. What the fuck was that
Fuck....
WTF was that Rondae?
Caris plz :(
I JUST SAID DON'T BLOW THIS :(
Did he triple clutch that shit!?!?!? 
Spencer Dinwiddie, PLEASE fuck my bitch
Jarrett Allen is ass. Gtfo before you single handedly cost us the game. 
What game are you watching?
Not good. 0/0/1 in 12 minutes. 
You get turned on by atrocious basketball?
He needed that 3 in a bad way. (And so did the Nets.)
I was including preseason. He was making bad decisions w/ the ball when he played, whether it mean shot selection or passing, he was sloppy. In no way is he a bad player, but he was playing like crap. & if DLo put up 18 pts in little mins while being efficient, yeah, I'll give him his props for that. But if he was constantly making bad decisions, I could care less he dropped those points. & as for tagging rollers, he was making right decisions/rotations defensively. Not just tagging rollers. Knowing who his man & where his man is. He wasn't making many mistakes defensively. His shot has been off but Dinwiddie was shooting like crap for a couple of games. Shooting isn't everything. As for his TOs he had like 2 when he just got back & you could tell it was timing. He was rusty. So? He's also made great passes that led to hockey assists, or fouls. You're the one being irrational expecting him to drop like 30pts & dish out 10astsw/ no TOs, coming back from surgery. I see plenty of ppl (including myself) critiquing DLo, while also realizing that he just got back. All I've seen you comment is "omg, what's his boxscore huh? Oh, he doesn't have any points? He's so bad & he's bringing the team down." Watch the games & you'll see he hasn't even been horrible. You're just out here thrashing ln him for who knows what. All I see is irrational hatred for DLo from you.
Another guard/wing? Nets need someone with size. 

At least like 6'9" and 230 lbs. This guy is 6'7" and 200 lbs.
Doesn't look bad at all. Hopefully we give him some run in garbage time of a few games to see what he's got
I mean, for this year, without Dinwiddie...you can't start a guy without a working leg.
Tbh I feel like everything I read about the pick is that it’s NOT valuable. People aren’t stupid. They can glance at the standings. 
We are not a win now team, people need to stop thinking we will make trades for stars this season, it just ain’t happening
Non here/star culture? Just because we don't have a "star" atm doesn't mean we don't want one/ shouldn't go after one ...
I would do it but does the salary match up? Not sure DC gives up on Oubre but might do it to move that Mahinmi deal
Nah. Caroll is too valuable despite his atrocious salary. And we don’t need Mahinmi taking away minutes from Allen and Okafor.
It was from a couple of weeks ago. It came in the mail today and was waiting for me when I got him from tonight’s game. 
:(

Take care of him y'all
Marks is a very bad man pulling off such a cold blooded heist like that
That whole ending lineup earned their way into those final minutes.  Even Crabbe by being vicious on the boards and on defense all night.
Yep there was a point in the game where he was basically keeping us in it. 
He was just rusty.  You could tell he was off.  Threw a couple passes into the first row.  He didn't look bad but he looked like he's been in street clothes for six weeks
He was very anxious and rusty, he wasn’t aggressive at all and you could see he kept trying to relax and just breathe even in game. Honestly it’s not a worry, he wasn’t in rhythm which is expected.
You have to give atkinson and Caroll credit. Dude came in with a fucking chip on his shoulder ready to prove everyone wrong and he did. I'll be a little sad if we do trade him to a contender but makes sense long term. 
dat Knicks game tho
yea he turns it over a lot but it opens up a lot of stuff when we're getting stale on offense. 
FUCKING DAGGERRRRR
filthy af
Who cleans these fucking floors in the arena??
2-point game
Ever since that ringer article on Dinwiddie..... I’ll say no more...
Dinwiddie has been 1-17 from 3s... I mean, how?
I would like to see KA end this game w/ a Din, DLo, Levert, RHJ, JA lineup.
That was dreadful.
I guess you are both wrong.
How did DLo hurt you? Did he fuck your girl? Kill a family member? Not sign an autograph? 
Why is he not banned? You have to be exhausted from all of the dickriding that you’re doing.
....because he is?

At least, at the moment.
So says a salty Hornets fan. Your team is going to need to salary dump and those trades always suck. Getting rid of Batum is nearly impossible for your team. This would be a god send.
How. We trade Kemba for Spencer Dinwiddie? Are you serious? And what's the point of sending Batum if we get back just as horrible of a contract on Crabbe? You don't even bother attaching draft picks. What, you think teams just want to give you all stars for no reason?
Your trade is ass. Why can't you just accept instead of resorting to name calling and trying to justify how bad it is?
Mozgov, Deng, Noah, Parsons, Mahinmi. All on worse deals 
Dude, it's horrific. The trade starts with Levert and Toronto's first.
I don't want to see Dinwiddie pull up from 3 when the game is on the line ever again. 
I'm thinking he gets no more then 10 mins and is rusty af
it's ridiculous that they consider the guy still not in shape - hate being a conspiracy theorist but perhaps they are keeping the minutes down to keep the offers low....they are maxed...
Feels like he should have broken the record a game or two under 40 but mad props to him.
The fact he destroyed the mark set by DWill despite shooting 36.7% just shows how inefficient he is and how much he's hurting our offense.  I seriously have no idea what's wrong with this guy, but there's no way he should be getting 29mpg until he fixes his shot.  
the one game sample size.  If he played like that every  night no one would be upset.  

His strength is 3 point shooting yet he is shooting at the leagues average percentage 
I fucking hate Januaries
Dinwiddie is driving like crazy in the 4Q to save our *"#.

WAIT..... Where was this Dinwiddie when the spurs make a run in the 3Q?
Fuck
He's the worst. 
He's the DJ who won't change his setlist even when the crowd is not enjoying the songs
Either Spencer or Lin can come off the bench. LeVert doesn't have to be a point guard. Plz don't trade anyone :(
Sadly, you are right. He has been regressing badly. 
alright i get it, but i don't see us capitalizing on it because when Acy does the pump fake and drives, there's still someone in the paint and Acy tosses it back out. When Acy does take them, he misses. There's no benefit
No lie but ever since those Boston and Toronto games, the team turned lazy asf. It's noticeable.
Ugh, fuck this, the team is going down since the Toronto game. Bring Russell already
Oof bad sequence from Crabbe 
We look terrible, WTF is going on here? Playing slow as shit. Lethargic.
Jesus...

The new year really fucked us over.
New strategy: run wildly to basket, throw up a terrible shot that bounces off the backboard, let Allen stuff in the rebound.
Dinwiddie giving it away here, fuck me in the ear
What's with all these horrible panicking passes
Wtf is Zeller doing there.
Well I have been saying positive about Joe and Jah. Dinwiddie has been terrible. What do you want me to say?
Shot 3-13, missed two clutch FTs during the late game, and bricked a 3 point shot by playing hero ball. Not good at all.
yup.  I was trying emphasize the point that his blessings mean mierda
damn, wtf stefon?
It's crazy how much hate the Nets get every time they host a Pride night.
I'd rather watch and root for a knick game than give up all the picks we worked so hard to get.
I mean, even if he's a slightly worse version of DJ we got a steal
They're not gonna tank next year.  That would be a terrible strategy.  You would actually stunt the development of LeVert and RHJ and Jarrett Allen.  What if you tank and draft Jahlil Okafor or Hezonja or a Nerlens Noel?  Tank again?  No thanks.  
If it weren’t for the JJ Redick injury, I’d agree. However, one thing noting is that if we are truly trying to model him into a “poor man’s” Kyle Korver, then we ought to make him exempt from the age game. 

Korver is a catch and shoot, space and pace guy who truly became “elite” at this game when he entered his 30s. 

Harris fits the same timeline, in the sense that if we plan to move from talent acquisition mode, to truly competing once 2020 arrives, then Joe is a major piece we need to make this Spurs/Hawks esque model  into fruition. 
I bet Pop'll give our team some compliments after this game
I'm afraid you had a bad source. The line opened at Spurs - 7.5 and has moved to -6.5.

http://www.vegasinsider.com/nba/odds/las-vegas/
Depends on what game you are trying to go to but tickets are never really too expensive. You can buy tickets directly on the brooklyn nets app i believe and get in via mobile ticket
Yeah, might have been the other way. But the point was that TJ’s contract wouldn’t of been that bad had the Heat let him go
Not my worst fap. 
They mad my main bitch vanilla
Brain shot after today’s game...
Damn dude. Wtf man. 
it's ridiculous referee is bullshit 
Acy is horrible at ball handling, shooting, and anything offense related. I think it's time to move on from him
Well that is not even close to factual so we can start there. 

Lin sucks at the rim and has seen his FG% at the rim drop 4 years in a row. 


If there's one team I hate losing too, it's the Knicks. 
A tech for clapping WTF!
Remember: Punch in the mouth.  Don't even let them in the game.  
I'm at the game. Why didn't you guys show up?
75% Knicks fans at this game
Had to turn the game off... can't watch this anymore :(
You know, I withstand a lot and 99% of the time I just watch Nets games all the way through, even the shitty ones, but this.... I had to turn it off early. Fucking pathetic.
I expect an Allen Froposter on that horse with a fake horn in his head.
Damn, this looks terrible.  Can't get into an offensive set, can't guard the post
Just turned the game on. Dinwiddie gets blocked into shadow realm. Sigh.
Can't hate on Porzingis the guy just balls.
This is painful to watch right now
Fuck this fucking team
It was painful watching Hollis-Jefferson trying to guard porzingus 
Porzingis’s face is to small for his head. Shit’s freaky.
Carroll finishing hard
It's so bad
yeah, it seems like we’re working so hard to score
story of the game 
Yeah, some of these shots look terrible.  Dins thinking he's Kobe in the corner.  WTF
Not good
Left early as well, this was painful to watch :/
Why are Nets fans so mad about someone telling the truth? He ain't no all-star. Not even near that level. Y'all a bunch of delusional fools.
I mean they competed for 3 quarters
Not sure what this is about, in the g league he averaging 11 points in 27 minutes he’s a 6 9 forward

Also he’s already 24
6'9 37% from 3 on 3 attempts per game
Could make sense but damn, that Batum contract is terrible! I could see them giving up Monk and his defensive woes. But I’m not sure that’s worth it 
Unfortunately the NBA wouldn't allow it. Players have tried before
That's why I said it was unlikely
Hey, fuck you buddy
Wait, I didn't see him at the game, not sure if he was next to him or not. 
Don't you get tired by hating on Jah all the time?
Hell yeah. The Toronto Lulptors are the only ones still hate us, normal from our history with them.
I feel like we're too Spursy to hate.
No lie.. I love the hate tho! Every time they lose to us I feel the rage building inside them
So pumped for his return! Going to the Bucks game in February!!!
LETS FUCKING GO!!!
1 point game holy shit. We clutch af!
That's a terrible fade away three from Din though 
Fuck me..
Need a bucket so bad 
LETS FUCKING GO
Wizards are lazy af
6 point game?! WERE STILL IN THIS, BABY!!!
Fuck off oubre.
Crabbe is fucking clutch on both sides. Always.
FUCKING BULLSHIT
Damn.. at least we still got time to send it to overtime
Damn, this is an ugly OT
Terrible shot selection
fuck
Fuck
RHJ is starting to piss me off. Sometimes he plays like a chicken with its head cut off 
We need DLo back, too bad they're too pussy to put him out there and are keeping him out twice as long as he needs to be
Another moral victory, yay. Fucking losers, fuck this team
WE NEED A FUCKING W
I'm not one to shit on a fellow fan but holy shit, shut the fuck up.
inb4 /u/Nj_nets15 says ''Take Acy out'' before the game even starts
tbh we have no good options of guarding him rn so it was just lose-lose-lose imo
Poor Mozgov
Kenny is numbers man though and our team was clearly worse with him in the floor
Fake news
NOW THIS IS A GOD EMPEROR I CAN GET BEHIND
Spencer yousa bad motherfucker
We finally got a call at the end of the game!
Fuck yes Carroll clutch D
Fucking guy is like a gazzelle
But LeVert is bad tho.
I don't see a foul on Acy there, but hey, it's the Nets at the end of the game so they aren't going to get the refs on their side
DAT FAKE PASS THO
how the fuck is our time management so bad lmfao
Acy forced that turnover
I hate that Carroll move
Wow that music is fucking horrible
Sub out Rondae. He is terrible tonight
My God Rondae has been bad these past couple of games
Kir this sub is dumb af at times, reminds me of the LeVert hate earlier on this season
WTF is up with these back to backs?

Jesus fuck
Stauskas stinks
Jah is bad at D. Wouldn't risk it to keep him on there. Wish ti didn't happen but this team's defense is terrible and this sin't even on Jah it is on everyone.
He's just so out of control at all times. Turns the ball over. Isn't crazy athletic and bricks the majority of his shots. 
[what's wrong witchu](https://media.giphy.com/media/spfi6nabVuq5y/200.gif)
This is a horrible trade
Yeah.  I think it might be too dramatic and risky.  
It is absurd
P-o-t-e-n-t-i-a-l  
  
If you are going to respond with criticism, you can at least read and understand the argument I made. If those three guys live up to their p-o-t-e-n-t-i-a-l, that's what they will be. I don't think that's absurd in the slightest.
Nah might be at the Knicks game though
nah but i'll be at the Knicks game
Remember when we were all mad because Marks kept Dinwiddie over Yogi Ferrell? I don’t.


Maybe....but Jah has been in the league for a little while now and hasn’t shown a lot of promise. DLo was tough to accept because we traded our franchise leader in scoring. 
That's absolutely ridiculous considering the rest of the options the Nets have at the center position.
Where the fuck is Whitehead?
Did you miss the part where the tweet says "small sample size"?
Fuck that guy. You don't need to remember his name 
Fucking bastards
What the fuck do they have against us. Did they bet on us doing horribly before the season, and now need to make sure we’re at the bottom?
That was by far the worst game I've seen us play in two years. Holy fuck.
At least we got a barn burner going on at MSG
First game I ever went too and the nets lose by 20+ points I’m sick.

Edit: Dlo hurry up and come back bby pls
The losses we got recently must have gotten into their heads badly. Must get out from that gutter asap. 
This is the worst game I've ever been to. At least they didn't turn it into a dunkfest. They turned it in to a layup drill
Yeah just repeatedly seeing the lazy d even when the game was close I knew something wasn’t gonna go our way
Sad to hear fans were booing the team. Well, I guess they weren’t fans. But still ...
The man has one of the absolutely worst rosters in the NBA, yet has that record. Kenny is a solid coach.
Is this the post game thread?
On The Lowe Post today, Jeff Van Gundy dubbed him the "sub-.500 Coach of the Year" so ar least we got that going for us
Fuck it, why not? 
Yeah, I kinda feel bad for him. Him and Marks have some of the toughest sports related jobs out there
Yeah going through a rebuild takes such a toll on someone. Lots of stress and lots of disappointment. 
Especially a rebuild where your previous gm traded your future and you dont have control of your 1st round picks. Brutal.
Acy is terrible. Trade him plz
This is painful
Is there a reset button somewhere? This is brutal.
Our passing has been absolutely terrible this game. 
WTF
Please kenny take Acy out of the game 
If we can not get back to this game at least do this Kenny

I'm hoping in the 4Q we use okafor in pf and allen in C. let's see if those two can work together against the 2nd/3rd team of piston
Down by 12 and no signs of the starters being in. Crazy. 
3 of our worst players are in of course this happens!
Unbelievable...
This is terrible. Sigh. 
Sigh

Careless LeVert game

LeVert: 4 TO
Rest of team: 4 TO
I need to stop going to games... every game I go to they fucking blow.

Sorry fam 
Dudes where's the post game thread?
Jesus fuck...

It's a blowout.

Give Jah the fucking ball.
Why even call themselves the Brooklyn Nets, they're the Brooklyn shits. Absolutely pathetic excuse of a team. Who gives a fuck if they're in close games if they always end up losing. 


Give me back the Mirza and Gerald Wallace times, not this pathetic spineless crap.
We are a pathetic basketball team, absolutely pathetic 
I want this game to end
It's not your fault. piston just brought their A game on how to defeat the nets. while the nets .... they suck tonight
We suck at playing anyone, we lose to teams like the Suns and to Atlanta, AND we lose to the big guys like GS and Boston (but narrowly). We are just a terrrible team, absolutely pathetic excuse of a team.
I think so :(
I'm about to shit myself watching this game
I'm on a losing streak of 5 or 6 games
Edit: if you don't include the wizards game
Section 17, Row 7!! I was shocked when I saw. 
That’s insane. 
Oh, it is a thing now, friend. At least through the rest of the season. 
I can tell you have absolutely no idea what I mean then.
I actually thought about this, 3 ball handlers, but awful spacing, LeVert, Russell and Spencer can hit their 3s, Rondae still needs to improve and Allen still isn't taking them.
But my man, that's some pretty bad spacing, don't you think?
Ah, got it, had completely missed that. My bad.
But that Oladipo guy's been killing, not just on stat sheets but carrying what everyone had thought to be a boring Indiana team this season. And I have a bad feeling once D'lo comes back Dinwiddie's numbers will drop. That one time this season I watched the two play together as starters Dinwiddie just disappeared into the corner. Hopefully Kenny knows what to do about it.
What do these things do besides proving that reffing sucks balls? Do they change anything?
So basically we won the game
FUCK. THIS. FOREVER
This doesnt mean Dinwiddie Starts. This just means that Atkinson will play them together. 
I say Carroll to the bench hopefully this raptors game wasn’t a fluke for Crabbe
Lin played less than one game with DLo and he had 18 points in 25 minutes!!!!
I didn't know Kenny had said that, but isn't Derozan the prototypical shooting guard in league standards? I think instead of point guards you mean ball handlers maybe?
Do you mean guards?
Oh fuck has anyone remembered to feed and water Lawerence Frank lately?  Is he still writing game reports for no one in a basement dungeon somewhere?  We should probably do something about that.
Of course! We hope you can join us for a game! 
Oh man, gotta blow those suckas out. I hate when their fans cheer at Barclays. 
He’s such a fucking papi 
He's on a minimum contract through the end of next season :( 

CAN WE PLEASE GET THIS MAN IN THE ALL-STAR GAME. #NBAvote
It’s fuck Dlo

Marry Dinwiddie

Kill the refs
This is kinda overboard no? Dude had a bad day at the office. I'm all for passionate fandom but this seems too personal. 
Cant wait to hear fuck the refs chant at next home game
Damn bro, you just went full retard with that theory.

Can you make an attempt to correlate the creation of microwaveable buttered popcorn to the fall of the berlin wall?
You just twisted the knife.
Tune in tomorrow night for another episode of "the nets get fucked by the refs"


Fucking bullshit this
Brooklyn nets are like the Oakland raiders of the NBA. Done dirty by the refs
People on /r/NBA are saying Joe Harris made a dirty play on the play Lowry got hurt. I'm mad.
Bruhhhhh I was at the game
I can't believe it. I've personally never seen anything like it. It's insane. The refs must have gotten pissed at the statement Dinwiddie made last time.
Fuck the refs
Kustoc was even trying to figure out how the refs could have missed that last one so she could seem impartial but it was so blatant she just was lost for words. 
Come back already, D'Lo. We need your clutch game!
Just lost us the game with his hero ball...
I agree, but everyone contributed. Our system which relies on ball movement was there until he decided to hero ball during the last two minutes and missed almost every shot. It is even worse because he doesn't get any calls from the refs. 

I am not undermining his contribution, but his tendency to hero ball almost always loses us the game. 
Dinwiddie got hit hard on that last drive. And then let the world know. Fuck the refs.

That no call is hilariously bad
I don't want to see anyone defending Acy ever again. Dude is fucking bad
Acy lost us that game for not knowing how to hold onto a rebound smh
The no calls are gonna start getting to Spencer eventually. I feel bad for him
DINWIDDIE IS SO FUCKING DISRESPECTED
jfc Tyler's been AWFUL
lowry wants to be dinwiddie so bad
Lowry is crazy with the rebounds. Homie only like 5-11
Wtf I don't understand what Acy was doing..
Fuck Lowry flopping son of a bitch
Fuck the Celtics, but damn we're shit, that loss must've demoralized them alot
This unit sucks dick, Okafor and Levert don't mesh. Put Dinwiddie with Oak, and leeave Allen with Levert...
all my hate for Lowry from that playoffs series just swiftly went to derozen.....
This one made me sad 😟
Damn they got Valanciunas hitting threes now? No one is talking about them but Toronto is gonna be a tough out in the playoffs. 

Gonna have to take this L like a man tonight. Hope we can take some positives into the next game 
I hate how Allen Crabbe got 19mil for exclusively being a spot up shooter, the man can't make a contested 3 to save his life
Oh but we get called for verticality. Fuck the NBA
What the fuck are they doing this looks horrid
fuck.
fucking brutal
Come the fuck on, no player would've caught that pass...
how did crabbe and acy fuck that up lmfaooooo
WTF JOE HARRIS U CLUTCH ASS
Fuck
Pathetic defense on Derozan, half the shots are terribly contested
OH MY GOD!!! TIE GAME!!! CRABBE HURT
COME THE FUCK ON, GIVE US A BREAK
Oh come the fuck on!
How the fuck was it moving screen? 
okafor is a bad basketball player
Wtf why did Crabbe just give up defending DeRozan last minute. He shoulda just purposefully fouled at that point.
That is what they call Karma. Fuck Lowry. Threw himself into Crabbe's knee. He's always been a dirty son of a b.
DeRozan was hit everytime he drove to the basket and less than half the time were fouls called. And that is every game with him
 If he dlesnt get calls, shitty players wont 
I mean weve seen that shit every game towards the end. Dinwiddie gets fouled, never a foul call if its close game at the end
All 6,620 subscribers on this subreddit should write individual letters to whoever the fuck is in charge of the NBA officials and demand an answer as to why we routinely get fucked over
yo, fuck off. You never wish for someone's injury.
u can fuck yourself bud 
Raw sauce 
We finally didn’t get completely fucked by an injury boys
I think he could adapt. Randle isnt a terrible shooter and it isnt hard to transition into a 3 pt shooter, look how easily brook did it.
I think if we took on Deng's contract we could at least get Nance maybe Randle if the Lakers get desperate enough. 
Randle isn't a bad small ball C.
According to WOJ, there is interest in Carroll. Marks would be stupid not to do that trade for the right value.
Staying put wouldn't be a bad thing, but everyone has a price Sean can't say no to. 
Srsly how can anyone not love this guy?
I got an email but it have some blanks in the box . Did I do something wrong or is that what you guys got too?
The coaching team is taking things very slowly and carefully. No confirmed date yet.
My guess? Knicks game the 15th
He was playing well. Not outstanding, but definitely a solid player. It was real sad when he went down, the team needs him.
This is some bullshit and the officiating has been terrible in our last handful of games.
Wow, I knew they control games, but never know they even fake official reports. Guess nets fan base is too small that they don't think they need to give a shit about their feelings.
Man i wish we would cut Quincy :/
Tanking is a disgrace to the franchise and fans and I hope it gets banned somehow. Fuck the process.
I think it's a terrible idea.  It is the anti-Spurs way, which is the model we are emulating.  So we could throw a whole season away for the hope that we don't fall out of the top three, which could happen.  What if we do all of that and draft Anthony Bennett, Mario Hezonja, or even Okafor?  Terrible strategy
I think Allen hands improve when the game slows down for him. He's still young and at times very anxious to score when he gets the ball resulting with the fumbling of the ball. He'll improve as his game progresses.
Not sure, we shall see
FUCK the celtics
Yeah, that’s a tough loss
There is not a coach in the NBA who has ever structured an offense around being behind versus ahead versus in the bonus.  Name one.
If this was for me, I thank you.  Not many people on this sub seem to agree with me!  They think I'm out for DLo when I merely have a point of view that he should be a SG instead of a PG!
honestly, if his injury is anything bad, this is the worst day as a Nets fan since the first game of the season when Lin's knee exploded.
The refs were bad both ways all night, which plays specifically do you think cost the Nets the game? 
Bad Meatbag
Bad piece of cogware.
Nets playing against 8 players every night, and people just look at the box score and say, "Yeah, the nets are bad but they fought hard." So much bull shit.  League got to respect this team and their fans.
I fucking hate the Celtics so much.

The Nets fought as hard as they could and that's all a fan can ask for in a tough loss like this. 

Prayers for DeMarre
We got fucked by the refs and DeMarre got injured. 0/10 would play again. Also, Rondae had the worst game of his life, so that feels fucking bad
The refs beat the Nets, fuck the Celtics scum and fuck the refs
Was at the game. That officiating was bullshit. No fouls on those last few possessions??? C’mon man. Bullshit. 
what a farce of an officiating this game.
I’m tired of seeing the players we should’ve had beat us
Same. Was at the game. Fucking horrible.
I can't find a single source that says his votes get taken away. Plus you can't even do that when lately he has been all star quality fucking @ me
I couldn't even fucking vote for him.
Obviously I’m focused and psyched on the team we have now. This was something I said in anger after the game ended. In the end I’m hyped we have Caris, Rondae, Dlo, and Dinwiddie. 
You guys got robbed... I'm not even a fan and I was screaming at the TV that last posession, I'm mad af, so I can't imagine how you guys feel. 

So unfair, fuck the Celtics! (and I hope your guy is ok.)
I was at the game. No calls at the end. Fucking sucks.
Nah the Celtics are our friends, fuck the refs forsure. 
Saw the last 6 seconds, damn, and i thought the refs hated raps
You are a retarded person 
Fuck them
fucking preach
You are a retarded person
Yeah I am complaining alot by saying the officiating was very even throughout the game. Do you even read what you reply to?

As I already said, Dinwiddie did get fouled on that last drive and the refs should have called it. Can understand him (and BKN fans) being upset about it. But was he (and the guys here yelling "fuck the refs!!!!" also upset when BKN got a bunch of phantom calls earlier in the game?  

Brooklyn didn't lose the game because of the refs, they shot absolutely horrible (under 33%) and had 16 turnovers with 11 Assists.  It's pretty retarded to use the officiating as an excuse. 
Fuck no....
Just asking a question. Of course I wish we'd still have DLo but it is what it is. I don't think it'd be too horrible if you were to trade him for a lottery pick.
SERIOUSLY SOMEONE MAKE A LIN NO CALL VIDEO FOR DINWIDDIE!!
#FUCK THIS BULLSHIT WHAT THE FUCK
I fucking hate this shit. Fuck Boston, fuck the refs
This huddle is making my eyes wet.

Fuck the refs, seriously jokes.
i dont fucking understand... these refs man
WTF REFSSSS!@!!!
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON 
FUCK YOU BAYNES
FUCK THIS CUNT BAYNES
This nigga is insane.


FUCK YEAH ACY
This is an ugly ass game
FUCK BOSTNON MURDER THE REFSSSSS
These no calls are driving me FUCKING INSANE
AGAIN HE GETS FOULED WTF
This is fucking crazy!!! Fuck these refs
FUCK THE REFS
Damn, carrying Carroll off?  That's not good
I hate how loud the cheers are for Boston at our home court. Really sucks to see
I'm afraid that baines will do some serious damage this game. Hope that we can contain him
this kid just humped the ground and now im uncomfortable
These fucking refs...
Are you serious?...
These late whistles...
#FUCK THE FUCKING REF
REFBALL FUCK THE BOSTON SONS OF BITCHES
Dinwiddie is a fucking G
Are you fucking serious with the no calls?
This is Fucking ridiculous...
HOW THE FUCK OMG
Fuck it would’ve counted too 
THIS REFFING IS  FUCKING TRAVESTY
Hmm, almost as if the refs are calling in the favor of the #1 team. Wonder if they think it'll be bad for the league if they let us beat them
It's so damn cold wtffffffffffffff
Why is Allen so afraid to grip the ball hard 
VOTE THIS MAN TO THE ALL STAR GAME
GET HIM TO THE ALLSTAR GAME 
When is DLo coming back :'(
WTF IS THIS BS
THIS IS JUST A BULLSHIT GAME WTF
Fuck it...go for a hero ball 3
fuck the refs but we woulda won if we played even slightly below mediocre on offense
Why are all other teams allowed to beat the fuck out of dinwiddie
SPENCER GETS FUCKING TACKLED WTF IS THIS BS
The refs lost the game for us. But didn't like that inbound play at all!
New here stupid question but where is the link to click in the comments page? 
Kodi ain't workin for me
Get doyle ou of this game please!
:'(
Disappointing that we don't get to see Caris, but I like the stance the team is taking and has been taking on injuries.
Nope. Tickets are like Warriors game expensive, if not more so. 
BTW, they don't actually have them because of the blizzard. My wife and son are at the game and got a voucher to fill in online. (It requires a picture of your ticket so no way to fake it.)
Are the vouchers personalized? Cause I went to the game but didn't get the voucher. If it isn't, any way you can give me the link or something? 
I as well will buy a D’Lo bobble head off of anyone. I was at the game when they beat the Timberwolves!
The Andersons are going to the game. How’d they get tickets?
Hell fucking no with Rondae, LeVert and Spencer.  
Depends what they want, tank or playoffs. If its playoffs we can give Carroll or Harris
Whoops. Meant to say Bulls. I must have had Saturday's game on the mind. I will edit. 
Not sure I’m qualified to answer that, but I like where your head’s at!
This is why we must appreciate and the insane job he has done. For a guy who took the worst situation in history in his first year as a Gm and has done what he has, you really have to appreciate it. I know I always will.
Our playstyle will make it reallllly hard for us to lose 11 in a row. 

We can beat 95% of teams any given night if we're hitting our threes. 
Until we start consistently beating teams like this they’ll keep talking about how bad they played and not how well we played, if they acknowledge us at all. Just how it is. Though it is a little sad that some still act like we’re the worst team in the league. We keep beating some good teams the respect will come, one game at a time. Let’s get #16 against Boston and get to .500 at home. 
PLEASE BASEDGOD FUCK MY BITCH
But after that game instead by Harris, ill miss him so much. If Staskus can improve his off-ball game to his level (as he gets adjusted to our offense) and he can put in the effort on D like Harris, definitely a keeper.
Not kidding, been doing this for about 2 years. When he got on the team I said "Jesus, we are so bad we are playing dudes names Spencer Dinwiddie." Little did I know we actually found the goat.
EAT THAT U FUCKING REFS
Holy crap, Wolves had only 10 assists!
Dinwiddie is a god. Get than man to the all star game. 
Mad respect for Carroll for playing hurt.  Hitting the stanchion weird that last game must have made him pull something.
POST GAME THREAD - FUCK YOU REFS! 

UNDEFEATED GOAT TEAM IN 2018!
Retire Spencer's Jersey already!!! Did the Timberwolves even make any threes this game? They must be the team with the fewest three points made
Was at the game so didn't get to see the replays for the foul on Jones but man that was fucking bullshit. Glad Spencer pulled out clutch in the end but I would have been so salty if that ended up deciding the game for us.
we're just playing the way we're meant to play. i am not surprised. what i'm surprised about was how bad we were in December after Mexico
i think he bumped into LeVert hard before he fell and hit the stanchion
Bout to drop the HARD r
1/11 this game... Whew
Yea, if they would have known how to make a shot behind the three point line we've been fucked in the stomach!
You'd be stupid if you kept whitehead over Dinwiddie.
What are you talking about? Whitehead is on a rookie deal while Dinwiddie is going to demand a lot of money when his contract is up. 

So using the word stupid would reflect a person not considering the financial aspect of this too. 
Damn, I'm not a blame the refs type, but holy shit, this has been some terrible officiating
JOE HARRIS CAN FUCK MY GIRL
Nobody fucking touched tyus jones. Bullshit call.
Refs are sucking major fucking dick
Please coach. PLEASE get Acy out of the game 
3 offensive fouls on Rondae? Fuck outta here ref...
Are you fucking kidding me?
HOW THE FUCK DID HE DO THAT
WHY IS STILL TONY BROTHERS REFFING IN 2018 WTF
Fuck the refs
What the fuck is this?! 
It's just laughable at this point
Checking in from the game! Lets go nets
These refs are not good
WTF, you mention Sarah in a tweet and you get to meet her and get a hug?  Damn, I gotta get on Twitter.  
fuck me
Holy shit this is awful
These refs need to die, fuck it
This is just ridiculous
Get slapped silly

Spence Din Widdie
FUCK THE REFS AND THE WOLVES
FUCK THE REFS LET'S GOOOO
FUCK yoU REFS! 

WE PLAY TODAY!!!!!
Can someone answer me if the ref are just shit in general or they hate us?
These cocksucking refs are falling for everything, fucking mugs
I feel you Rondae, mad asf
This is disgusting. I have to assume the league has abandon nets fans and values getting Cavs a lottery pick more.
We gonna kill the refs after the game.
Come the fuck on refs
Carroll has been pretty bad though
Damnnnnnnnn he's bleeding hard 
Game 
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!
He’s so bad
People that are this bad at their jobs deserve to be fired, absolutely horrible
Getting a twitter is the tough thing my mans, if you don't wanna give up your phone number for verification, your account gets declared a bot and deleted in 1 hour.
No charge on towns, charge on RHJ, no kick ball on towns, charge on RHJ, block on Zeller. 

What the fuck just happened. 
Welp, not great but looking forward to the progress
Hard to carry the team with everyone on your nuts I guess.
RIP THIS GAME THEN
And they say Carroll is questionable. WTF !  Stauskas 52 points 
Sorry, but your mixed metaphor is killing me.  
  
Off the bat. (baseball)  
  
Out of the gate. (horse racing)
Oh shit!

My dick out!
Harris all day and night. Crabbe's contract is brutal and he's a waste of space on the floor if he isn't hitting his heavily contested  3s
I've been very disappointed in his three point shooting this year, 35 percent from a guy who is suppose to be a specialist is very underwhelming. He not even forcing up bad shots either he is getting a lot of open looks in this system.
I go to school in Philly so I’m dying to go to a game since it’s easier to get out there than Brooklyn. Unfortunately there isn’t one for a long time there
I wouldn’t get too hyped for the Jah/KAT matchup, i doubt Jah comes in playing 20+ minutes unless it’s a blowout. Though, a blowout is highly possible considering Caris is doubtful and DeMarre is questionable. I’m going to the game today, so even if it’s a big L, I get to witness Jahs first game in Brooklyn
Bad, bad trade. Barnes is a liability, Dallas should have to attach something to get rid of him. He's basically league average and will make almost$25M for the next 3 years.
It's a terrible trade for the Mavs, the Nets rob them blind 
Carroll is an asset, so is Harris. Hell, Zeller is an asset.

This trade is terrible, Barnes has a horrible contact. He's a liability now.
Barnes is a league average player with a max contract. He can't even break 20 ppg as the 1st option on a terrible team. We already have Crabbe underperforming, we don't need Barnes.
You moron, he was the backup point guard at Charlotte, and also played alongside Kemba. No one pays attention to you.  And you never answer factual challenges.
Who would trade for a 29 year old PG with a ruptured patellar tendon, an injury regarded as one of the worst in sports? 
Because Sen Sei hates Lin and simply uses every reason to hate on him, even when it makes zero sense.  Check out his history.
No you're right. Sorry, why wouldn't I think it's silly to vote Coach/Executive of the Year for a team that won't even sniff the playoffs.

Hey, I've got some aging vets. Any chance you've got some 1st round picks you'd like to trade me for them? #BrooklynLogic
Well I'm going to the game on Wednesday. I hope Okafor plays, but I'm skeptical that he plays with Allen. 

Also if the game is tight, I think Acy closes it out at Center over both of them. 
spencer dinwiddie and the all star game
That would be a task that we refer to as mathematically impossible. 
But seriously, I hate how his hair flops on his forehead with every stride. I wish he'd get a haircut, I bet it would even improve his FT%.
I feel bad for Fournier. Desperately trying to cover his dome with what little ghostly wisps of hair he can muster. Meanwhile Payton is willfully obscuring his vision to the detriment of his career in a defiant act of hair overgrowth.


Fournier should carve off a slice of Payton wave and weave it on.
The way he has to doing his head around to see the basket in layups is absurd.
Yeah I’m not sure he’s an nba player. He put some big points in a game two weeks ago, so that got people hyped. But I think he’ll end in Europe in a couple years. 

He did hype himself up saying he would beat Kobe one on one
How fucking dare you shit on Johnny like that.
Baldness is a cruel master that comes for most of us. All you can do is try to find a compromise that affords you some dignity. This is a dark time for Evan. I pray that he finds his way.
Game was almost sold out when I checked an hour before it started. Kinda crazy. 
How does LeVert either shoot a brutal brick or pure swish it every time 
why the fuck don't you close out dinwiddie
I don't care if he got fouled, how are we so shit at finishing 3 on 1 fastbreaks?!
Wtf dude, these cunts call for a rewind just like that, but LeVert gets hacked and asks for rewind and nothing? Please ...
FUCK YEA LEVERRRRT
Why is acy in the game!!!!!
WHERE WAS THE FUCKING FOUL ON LEVERT???????????
FUCK IS THIS FUCKING SHIT FUCK THIS MOTHERFUCKING GAME
THESE REFS ARE FUCKING BLIND
what the fuck? Wheres the foul?
LeVert gets fucking hacked wtf dude
Seems like Rondae can't get anything to fall tonight. B2B :(
Why the fuck ain't Allen in?
monkaS hard rn
If we lose to these sorry ass bums, then we are a pathetic basketball team
it's like a digital clock and the time is now. dlo is so sick 
What does this mean 
What does what mean?
League is fucked.
Meant against toronto. Thought he played in the mexican trip but I recalled wrong. He played the game after. Mb
Caris belongs on the bench. There is no reason disrupting what is working well for him. Even if he is a starter quality player, he still needs to run the bench unit, they need him desperately 
Deron Williams and disappointment 
View in your timezone:  
[Feb 8th, 3pm EST][0]  
[0]: https://timee.io/20180208T2000?tl=1%20month%20to%20the%202018%20NBA%20Trade%20Deadline%20(Feb%208%2C%202018)


*****

[^^delete*](/message/compose?to=timee_bot&subject=delete+request&message=%21delete+eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJkczFmM2tpIiwiYWN0IjoiZGVsZXRlIiwib3AiOiJ6YXlyYXVuUiIsImlhdCI6MTUxNDgyMjY1MX0.b6WjKZjRQNx0jNmwPXzQzzi5wcqeoikTNEWZFSS8g9o)
^^|
[^^reprocess*](/message/compose?to=timee_bot&subject=reprocess+request&message=%21reprocess+eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJkczFmM2tpIiwiYWN0IjoicmVwcm9jZXNzIiwib3AiOiJ6YXlyYXVuUiIsInBubSI6InQzXzduZnQ0NiIsImlhdCI6MTUxNDgyMjY1MX0.O3AygHMad4IXLlPiE93IsDnahxEz2YdqeuU8hBmUVzA)
^^|
[^^ignore ^^me](/message/compose?to=timee_bot&subject=ignore+request&message=%21ignore+me)
^^|
[^^help](https://www.reddit.com/r/timee_bot/wiki/index)

^^*OP ^^only
Dinwiddie AFTER "regressing" is still a +9.7!!!!   And you proclaim him a "role player."  DLo has a -8, and you call him a "superstar."  Levert is a -7 and you call him a "revelation."  This is absurd...you go through the trouble of showing us these numbers and your commentary ignores the numbers!
This stat should be shocking to 0 people.
So what... he's going to improve. there are superstars in this league whose numbers are worse. 
Yeah he’s been a stat stuffer of late. Two steals too. I like it 
Fuck the Celtics!!!
Someone gotta tell dinwiddie to stop taking stupid shots in crunch time. Also let joe Harris take some shots when we need threes. Why don’t we use him?!?!
Fuck Boston
Wtf is that dude's hair.
Rough game for Crabbe.
Damn this shit is getting ugly
Fuck outta here
Suddenly I don't hate Brad Stevens anymore.
Whoa whoa whoa, hang on. Fuck The Celtics
You can hate the Celtics as whole but still like Kyrie or Stevens 
Kyrie is quite possibly one of the dumbest fake woke people walking this round earth tho
I’ve had 13 people unfollow me on twitter because I’ve had over 40 Dinwiddie tweets over the past 3 days 😂
Fuck Dinwiddie.

Get RHJ in
same 5 people I've been voting, let's fucking do it 
That shit is creepy
[I'm sorry, what?](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/da126) 
This thing has gone insane. I hope he actually makes it.
... Phil Jackson is an idiot, that doesn't count
The company line is he’s working hard and they’re not going to rush him into it. They’ll wait until he’s game ready, and his role is defined. 

I say let him play a few games in the G League. He could dominate there and build confidence, play in the system and speed of the game. You can’t get the game speed in practice. 
he's not in game shape
Video isn’t loading for me on mobile :/
I see nothing wrong here
We were 5-7 before Russell got hurt and that was with a bad Caris Levert and Mosgov starting. You don't think we can play 500 ball with Russell back, Caris playing like he is now and Timmy glued to the bench?
The answer is Kenny fucking Atkinson.
Damn /u/thejewznextdoor needs to step his meme game up /u/DelverOfSeacrest is MVP this year.
We did, but he also got to the line. Whiteside finished only down -3 for the game which is crazy for a starter and highest paid guy in a game they lost by 25. But I guess as Expulsure said he wasn't right and he was on minutes restrictions. And then by the 4th quarter it was blowout city and the starters needed to be pulled for tomorrow's game. 
Caris is dominating this game.
Holy Shit!! RHJ is hotter than Sarah!!!
Well now their just being mean... I like it.
Shit, have a spicy sidebar image after the game for Rondae, but Joe is balling as LeVert did. Fuck.
How about Caris effing LeVert (trying not to curse these days.  My son is starting to repeat everything.)  My man, Sen Sei, come on, dude, you gotta give it up to him today.  
Me and some friends are trying to get Dinwiddie into the All-Star Game. If you'd like to help, tweet "Spencer Dinwiddie #NBAVote" and reply to all Nets tweets with it.
My god... we're be bad on offense but the Heat are thankfully looking worse
And fucking 1 ref... still no respect
Heat-tards. They are toxic morons
[Like this?](http://assets.nydailynews.com/polopoly_fs/1.2870826.1479013899!/img/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/article_750/nets-suns-basketball.jpg) Fuck I miss this bromance
He needs to take the open 3 if he gets it kicked out to him with nobody covering him instead of driving in for a layup because his drives haven't been working, and on the flipside he needs to stop taking the bad contested ones early in the shot clock.

Let's see what comes out of tonight's game then, eh?
How about getting the first pick in what is generally considered the worst draft of all time, or having the worst record in the league but somehow missing out on the no. 1 pick that turned out to be John Wall.
Who gives a shit  marks gonna make a steal like usual
At least Kenyon was productive. Oh well.
Jay-Z fucking designed em say what you will but the man know how to build a brand a set trends

Also, I hear the hottest chick in the game is wearin’ his chains.
No team is going to take his contract, unless the nets is taking back another bad contract.
He's gotten worse since the season started and is expensive. Yes 
Crazy thought....We've been missing Booker's energy since his depart. Could Faried bring that same presence? Would a Faried for Carroll trade work for us?
Yep that could probably get us into the late lottery. 
We can not start acy. Have you been watching him? He's been awful at everything but drawing charges. I'd rather cut the guy than start him
His defense is on fucking point and ya'll forget that. Dude's almost always a big plus for us.
I mean, if Doncic doesn't declare for this draft I'd seriously consider it.
#FUCK TANKING
The way he plays with his head sometimes down and sometimes up, the turnovers will be hard to get rid of.
Especially out west. You go through a bad stretch and boom, you’re out the playoff picture. 
Pros:

* Acy looking like Dirk

* LeVert getting his shots in

* Raw Sauce


Cons:

The gods have abandoned us.
Well at least Jarett blocked AD twice
Where is that stupid Ringer article about us not winning one more game again this season.
None. I'm a Nets fan, fuck everybody else 
YES! Get Demarcus Cousins upset so he gets thrown out the game
Doyle sucks. When he came in the team started sucking dick. Screams another Kilpatrick.
Oh boy... Acy is even bricking his 3s pretty badly in practice
Fucking flopper
I fully expected this, so I ain't mad. 
Man, Rondae is everywhere this game
Blame it on the back-to-back? Because this is bad. 
complicated > sk8r boi
This team is going to f**k us so hard. sigh.
Now that the nets sucks this game.

Question everyone

If okafor is playing

Would you get mad if we see okafor standing in the 3 pt line / shoot 3 instead doing something inside.

Just what our coach did to mozgov early this season .
Guys we aren’t making playoffs. 
We won’t see jah or dlo till it’s too late. 
Cousins is infuriating to watch. Dude belongs in European soccer the way he flops
At least we saucy tonight
I look forward to it every game. 
Exactly fucking refs
2nd night of B2b against the worst matchup for the Nets. 
2nd game of back to back and against the worst possible matchup, if you didn't expect this, why?
The cold has amplified my seasonal depression
I feel ya...fuck the cold. 
I'm honestly not a fan of these

They're ugly as hell 
It looks like a knock off version you find in a shady store on a side street off Fulton. 
Agreed. Something to make them stand out compared to our usual jerseys. 
He's even worse when he's not shooting
Why do people keep saying this, he ain’t in game shape yet, trust the progress bro
His offense is so mindbendingly terrible that he’s still one of the worst power forwards in the league that plays as much as he does. I just think he could be replaced pretty easily after this year.
I agree. Just because he isn't hurting us doesn't mean he is helping us. We need an upgrade 
Also, wouldn't be a Nets game without Rondae heading to the locker room
That was def on the cylinder, this is crap
Ugghhh it's just as simple as our players being unable to hit shots
Ufff, LeVert, that was some Joe Jesus floater level  
**EDIT:** FUCK
fucking bull
Please no more Acy
Why the fuckj has Acy taken 8 3's this game. Disgusting 
HE TOOK ANOTHER ONE. i can't fucking stand quincy acy
Cons of this game : We may lose

Pros of this game: I get to see Kawhi
Terrible refs
Even the Knicks reporters hate the Nets. Can't figure out why though
hides behind the screen
Shhh.... Don't let the secret out just yet. Let everyone think what they want and then suffer the fate of teams like the WIzards 
These are rad as fuck man! Where’d you get them?
I mean, the organization the Nets were when Pierce was here was a half star organization. A lot has changed since then.
I just saw that and couldn't believe what I heard. Mean comment.
It's like saying Germany currently has a terrible government because it was once run by nazis.
29% from the 3 is not "respectable."  It is "terrible."
Oh yeah my bad, RFA. But then doesn’t that mean if he’s traded, the new team doesn’t acquire his Bird rights I think. 
Packers

My sports fandom is weird
why would anyone hate the nets?
Idk, but they do. The nets have a rep of being a dumpster fire. So when a team loses to them, people lose their shit. And I looooove to see that. Makes me feel all tingly inside.
I don’t care who the fuck is out. You don’t lose a 19 pt lead in 6 mins and then lose the game.



Bless them buck fans, they know our pain
Stauskas seems like a gym rat who lives and breathes basketball. Must’ve been hard sitting on the bench all season in philly. Hopefully he can carve out a niche here. 
Yeah like others are saying, depends what game.  A Wednesday against the Hawks, yeah could wait until the day of the game. A Friday night against Lebron, as we say in Brooklyn, fuhgeddaboutit
The curse has been broken!
Sick reference, bro 
Horseshit of a game, dinwiddie gets mauled twice but RHJ lands close to oladipo and it’s a foul. 

Fuck this is so frustrating 
The refs were horrible. Pacers played hard and such, but the home cooking was way too obvious. 'Dipo scored a lot of his late buckets on phantom foul calls.

Holy shit, I turned the game off at half when y'all were up by like 20. That's a devastating loss. How in the hell did they collapse that badly?!?!
We wouldn't have stayed in the game without Dickhead 
Yeah I like Oladipo have nothing wrong with the chants, just wondering why people hating on Indiana.
Because Mike Pence and Religious Freedom

As a Pavers fan, we all hate him, don’t worry
Crazy how loud Indiana's crowd is, our crowd fucking sucks
These games stress me the fuck out
Refs fucking us 
Spencer gets 2 times fucked in the paint and this fucker gets a breeze and its a foul? Holy shit. Getting Harden calls
FUCK YES SPENCER
Imma have a heart attack before this game ends
Balls of fucking steel
the fuck is that call
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS CALL
Terrible call 
Don’t be a fucking hero 🙄🙄
DLo would thrive in this type of game. 
R u fucking kidding!!!!
Where’s the fucking foul?..
FUCKING HELL
FUCK THIS FUCKING BULLSHIT
Fucking unbelievable
Absolutely fuck every single ref tonight, just fuckin inexcusable 
**FUCK THE REFS**
I FUCKING DESPISE MYLES TURNER AND THAT PINEAPPLE LOOKING FACE
I seriously hate this Indiana team, all fucking clowns.  
**EDIT:** Not to mention this is where Lin got injured. Fuck this place and its team.
SPENCER HITTING RANDOM TRIPLES LUL
Still encouraged that we're still in the game. Bench just gotta match the energy of the Pacers bench to keep it close
Basketball 10 fucking 1 in a zone. Maintain your position. You let the player come to you, not go to the player. Damn Demarre
not ball game
Dinwiddie is cold blooded
Spencer is not getting calls wtf
fuck.
Followed by the worst quarter, just Nets things.
Absolutely ridiculous!!
I think we got cold during halftime. Momentum was killed 
Yeah, this is some serious bs
I'll be watching highlights from this game on my deathbed
I say the Pelicans game is where we see him on the court again
Yeah I missed the game and can’t find any clips of the LeVert crossover
Lakers fans are not intelligent
What is dumbass about it?  We could have drafted Kuzma with that pick -- if we didn't, shame on us that way.  Kuzma will contend for ROY.  He's only 22 and a star already.  He's blown by Randle already.  With all the guards we have, I wish we had Kuzma (and Brook) instead of DLo and Mozgof and you'd be crazy to think otherwise.
No really.   You think the Lakers (fans and team) are not happy with how it worked out?  
As a Lakers fan I just wish that we didn't do that awful trade. We could have gotten both Kuzma and D'Angelo. Because you weren't going to take him at 27 and we had the 28 pick. But with that being said it feels it worked out quite well for both teams
DLO might b a star 

But damn Kuz is already a star :(
Going to be a star, and already a star are two different things.

Im sorry but no star averages 17 ppg

Selling tickets is irrelevant.  C'mon, man, judge players by what they do on the court, not social media.  Is Lonzo Ball a star now???
You are too hung up on points per game.  DLo shoots 22 shots per 36.  That does not make him a star either.
It is difficult to guard Kuzma because they don't play through him.
Ben simmons has been doing this this called passing.
He is also averaging 2 steals a game. And almost a block a game.
Hes only played 30 games. Can you guys just chill a little bit. Hes going to be a star, no doubt. But hes not a star yet
THIS IS WHY ATTACKING THE RIM SHOULD BE A PART OF THE GAMEPLAN...screw that pass pass pass into a bad 3 point shot..attack the rim and let it flow from there
What a GAME by the Nets

offtopic

okafor is still DNP even  If were leading 30+ points tonight. Even Moz got PT tonight.

Feelsbadman
#**DAS IT**

THAT WAS A SICK FUCKING GAME TO GO TO
I'm down for this. Worst player in nets history that gets meaningful minutes 
BRO WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING. DINWIDDIE 11 POINTS AND WE GET 5 OFFENSIVE REBOUNDS IN A ROW AND CARELLE GETS AN AND1
Whoever is not watching this game is missing out. YOU NEED THIS GAME
JOE HARRIS CAN DUNK LIKE THAT WHAT THE FUCK?
lmaooo poor oubre 
Oubre got twisted up by LeVert
Dinwiddie looks like he's regressed a lot these past couple of games. :/
Acy takes the charge. He does the small things you dont see in the scorecard.
yo wtf is happening
Gooood 1st half.  
Keep this rhythm & effort!!!
This game is a highlight mixtape guy's wetdream.
This game is insane. The dunks, the threes, the passing! This is a beating. 
so business as usual
Next minute he drops a casual 11 points to kick off the half..
But he hasnt even checked into the game! 
Combine crazy amounts of 3pt attempts **with drives to the basket**, this is what you get, who knew?
There isn’t a ringer curse. We started sucking before the article came out. We’re not special. We’re just bad (for now).  
: ( 
Sorry but games are 100% not where non established players should be getting in shape. This isn’t DLo or Lin. 
Oh I'm sorry you must not have been around for Stephen Graham or Shelden Williams
Yo acy is miserable on offense but he was the only one taking Koufas and Zbo
For real? I mean yeah I miss Booker and stuff but a minimum salary player, he is who he is. He plays hard, hits an occasional three. 
77% of his shots are three pointers. He is shooting 33%. Not really that bad but not good.

Whats really bad is his 26% shooting from inside the arc. I know hes a stretch big but come on. To compare last season Justin Hamilton shot around 60% on two pointers. Also hes not a rebounder or shot blocker so if hes not hitting above the league average on threes whats the point of him getting minutes. Gotta get a prospect from the G-League or something who can play the PF spot 


Man Acy had like 7 boards on Friday. At least he’s producing something 
Bargnani, oh my God...he was so awful.
Look at the teams that are going to blow it up

Memphis is looking to break up their aging team as they have no chance of competing at the highest level of the Western Confrence.

Miami is in salary cap hell. They have a number of awful contracts. 

The Clippers are looking to break it up. 

Charlotte is another team that needs to rethink things. 

I could see up being involved as a dump site or a facilitator with these teams. 

You know a team like the Bucks is a buyer. They are rumored to be in on DeAndre. Would they consider Whiteside instead? 

You know the Kings and Hill are looking to part ways. Hill would be a solid addition to any playoff contender. 

The Rockets are always trying to wheel and deal. They might be another team we get involved with as a 3rd team. 
Rock Bottom? Were you not here when we had a stretch of like 1-25 last season? That shit was fucking rock bottom. This is just a slump.
Don’t forget we got rid of a 6 mil a year contract with getting him so his contract isn’t as bad as it looks. He also has 2 years left so can’t write him off as a bad move yet, but he also hasn’t been doing what I’ve hoped he would. 
The worst part is we didn't even get a pick. Stuck with his trash ass contract
you don't pay 18 fucking million for average from a dude who only ability is to score
well toss my salad and fuck me sideways

that was godawful
Damn. Nine game losing streak, here it comes. Cavs fans must be rejoicing. 
I miss Booker :(
#/u/realistat

What happened to Kenny? Horrible coaching this past month and especially tonight. Dude just doesn’t get it. Absolutely NO reason Caris or Harris should have been on the bench at the end of the game
Points 12, 13, and 15 are big ones. It’s not even necessarily about if the shot goes in or not, Kenny should have the ability to draw up something to get at least a decent look. I’ll live with ZBo going off like every other big against us, but shooting ~38% for the game is horrible, and a lot of it came from bad looks and rushed shots.
Kenny the idiot 
George Hill is both 31 and has struggled with injuries in the past. He also has a nasty 3 year 51 million dollar contract. He's a good player, but unless we could fleece some picks or a prospect from the Kings, which is unlikely, there is no way in hell we should pick him up.
Okafor is just not good enough to make the rotation. It's not like he is ever in "game shape" and just need a couple of work out to recover. He needs time to develop his overall game.
We needed a 7 footer real bad and Jarrett was the man for the role at the time of our selection 
This is fucking terrible.  We look bad on both ends.  I'm hoping we can turn it around because looking at the upcoming schedule, we are about to go on a nice four-game losing streak
Seriously, does Kenny hate IW?
Why is Joe Harris the only one who looks like he gives a shit Jesus. If Crabbe is gonna suck it up so much at least look like you're hustling and that you care about the game 
I'm so sick of Acy. Dude is a scrub
Fuck you Allen Crabbe
And he did it again 🙄🙄🙄.....stop with this fucking hero ball....
Damn that was terrible.  I remember when we passed on signing Ilyasova to re-sign Acy.  I miss you, Booker!  Come on, Okafor, get your slow ass into shape
Why the fuck did Spencer take that shitty shot?! Fuck this team.
Put Jah and Sauce in. They can't be worse than these scrubs on the court
It feels like the Nets are always slower after days off.  Is their practice regimen affecting them on game day?  Is it part of the concentration on development?
PLEASE name a worse player in the NBA than Acy. Go! Its impossible 
Acy you have 4 fucking players around you in the paint... throw it to the open man instead of taking a shot
Unbelievable 
George hill fucking us
fuck are these possesions my guy
Bro what the fuck
Jesus fucking Christmas
This is fucking retarded
well fuck
It was dumb but i dont know if i want to go all the way to dumber than acys travel?jump?flop?turnover. At least is was a shot which in theory had a chance to go in.
What does Allen do offensively anyway? At least Jah could give us some points
Acy lost the game for the nets. 10 secs is plenty of time. What was he thinking?! So dumb. Lowest IQ in the league. Cut him. 
This is so pathetic, what a bunch of scrubs
And Kenny take the rook out the game
Fuck this game tbh
This - why is Joe Harris inbounding that ball?? What the fuck is Crabbe doing on that play?? How can Carroll be so uninvolved against the Kings?? 
We are going to lose this game. Those Mexico games have fucked us up really badly. Carroll and Crabbe just can't ball any more it seems :( 
Or maybe not, hopefully I'm wrong
Crabbe found his shot in the last game at least. Unfortunately Carroll hasn't
I feel bad for Bropez but I don't want to see him back with us. 
Here's a sneak peek of /r/gatekeeping using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/gatekeeping/top/?sort=top&t=all) of all time!

\#1: [Only art students have eyes](https://i.redd.it/pi0f5r81as001.png) | [689 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/gatekeeping/comments/7g7m85/only_art_students_have_eyes/)  
\#2: [People are always judging millennials nowadays](https://i.redd.it/luvt6kxmnpez.jpg) | [1159 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/gatekeeping/comments/6slbnf/people_are_always_judging_millennials_nowadays/)  
\#3: [You think 4th grade is tough?](https://i.redd.it/k7liosnjfjlz.jpg) | [341 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/gatekeeping/comments/6zup3b/you_think_4th_grade_is_tough/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/6l7i0m/blacklist/)
Hey sorry,  they're gone/already claimed. 
check out the game where Levert started. was one of his worst games in the past 4 weeks.  probably at a level where he excels facing bench players, and not yet up to facing starter level players for extended periods.
The curse hit us hard a week ago and article wasn't even out yet smh
Exactly, so much shallow shit out there.
If you hate the nets this much then why even comment here? You are negative literally everywhere on this sub
now im sad
Injuries have been a concern for you these past few years. Once you recover, are you going to change your basketball style for safety or stick to what you've been doing? 
Can you stream a game of Dota with Steven Adams or Hayward soon?
Hey Jeremy, I was wondering what you say/do when you're injured and on the sidelines for a game like last night. Do you talk to the team, give them advice and sorta act like a secondary coach? 
What would you say to reassure fans that are now questioning the organization over concerns such as Okafor's playing time, and lack of transparency regarding D'Angelo's injury? Nets forums are depressing when even the moderators start feeling this way.
It must be soul destroying some night hustling so hard and not getting the W, how does Coach Atkinson keep you & the team motivated every night?
Hey Jeremy, big fan. What is your favourite part of the nba and the worst part about it? 
What is your dota 2 rank?
What rank are you in Dota 2? 
AM I too late to ask a question? I am asking through my parents laptop cause my laptop doesn't fucking work on reddit for some reason. I wanted to ask Jeremy how he is with girls?
when will dlo return? seriously missing seeing you guys play together!
but you just got here, I thought you would stick around for a while, maybe play a game of catch
how does it feel to be cold shouldered by jeremy lin? :/
This sucks why would you ever post this?
I was so hopeful to see you and Landry in blue and orange for years to come :(
Jared Jeffries' girl is so bad
Dirty hobbitses!!
What is wrong with his answer other than your disagreement with his beliefs?
A response to your comment doesn't mean people care about what you think, I know you like to think it, but believe me nobody gives a shit.

They're just trying to offer you some perspective as to why you're a grade A douchebag.
No it doesn't buddy, you got your understanding of care wrong.
Why no  more bleach sidebar ?
I'll have to keep that in mind when I go to the game this Friday!
Tell the Knicks subreddit too.  I don't care and I don't know what they're saying in there, but real Knicks fans know we're the crappy ex and Lin is The One That Got Away Because Fuck You Dolan You Should Have At Least Offered Him Something And Then The Houston Poison Pill Would Never Have Happened.

Sorry.  Sorry.  It's just... it still hurts.
I hope so, i jut know it gets dry here sometimes..didn't want it to fail
Beginning of the season: WE NEED A CENTER! MARKS FUCKED UP!

Now: Why the fuck did we get another center? What the hell, Marks?
all 8 pacers rotation players can shoot from 3, Stephenson and Sabonis are the 2 worst.  Open jump shots from any range dont work.
We could be higher if we were not taking ill advised 3 pointers all game.
what a shitty game
Doesn't look bad, the Pacers can't shoot like this all night
Wtf? There has been like 3 instances where Carroll wasn't aware of the shot clock this game.
wtf crabbe
How in the fuck did LeVert finish that? 
Wtf has happened to our defense these past couple of games??
Have you noticed that for the last 10 games or so we always have a quarter in which our opponents don't miss like at all? I mean I know our D is bad but consistently having a quarter where our opponents make every shot kills the game for me.
Unfortunately the same could be said for Crabbe...
Looks like Carroll has regressed back to his Toronto days :(
He played the game before tho?
Don't listen to this guy. He has a hate boner for Jahlil
He was injured unfortunately 
Yeah, it sucks, but Doyle deserves it
No doubt, seen some Jamal Crawford comparisons thrown around on r/nba. I remember Doyle as a solid defender, am I wrong?
That's truly an awful idea 
Get drunk before the game.
i've never tried baseline but it sounds like a bad experience for me
Holy fuck this is dumb
Yes! I haven’t watched a lot of Kilpatrick but from what I hear, he can at least compete on the offensive end. Unlike one Deandre Liggins. 

But.......Kidd will probably take away Sterling’s minutes for SK...
Yeah the Sixers fanbase is toxic. Some idiot above you is trying to already talk shit about a former player. 
??? Every fan base has its idiots but we definitely aren't toxic. Most fans want to see Jah and Sauce do well, understanding the tough situation they were in (particularly Jah)
Yeah and annoying some posters here are so quick to hate on him. Guy is not a perfect and see his defense is BAD, but the guy's offense is set. I mean guy made some plays that were effortless, and people don't recognize that. He didn't need to play that much and Kenny should've never went with that sorry combo of Mozgov and Okafor. I will admit I really don't know why we gave up Booker, when maybe we could've just given up Acy. I mean Booker wasn't going to resign, but he still provided us good minutes.
:(
There isn't an answer to that question, and that's what is so infuriating about Jah. Sixers fans wouldn't hate on Jah so hard if he was simply a bad player.

He's hated on so hard because he hasn't improved over his entire career while everybody else on the team did, and he doesn't put in effort even while everybody else on the team did.
>Everyone's defense  is bad on this team

And then were No.1 in Defense in [Dec. in NBA] (https://www.reddit.com/r/GoNets/comments/7jpwto/brooklyn_nets_1_defense_in_dec/)
Damn dude that’s cold blooded. If anything Crabbe has been slumping big time. 
Crabbe and Joe have been shit lately. Joe is 3-21 from 3 in the last 5 games, Crabbe has been just as bad. 
Yea, every sixers fan is just completely wrong about okafor. We didn't watch him play.
You thinking that a change of scenery will change him is grade A delusion. You can't say there is no delusion when you yourself are guilty of it.
Raw Sauce
I said that play okafor but not DNP Jarrett Allen Coach. :(
Raw Sauce
NO KETCHUP, RAW SAUCE!

RHJ sneaky as fuck getting under the basket like that
This line up on defense is pretty nasty 
We look bad so far. 
Wtf was that Dinwiddie
😔 Okafor sucks 😔 
Whitehead you idiot... Joe was wide open for a three
:(
No man, he can't be worse than Mozgov, give him 48 minutes Kenny. 
Wow you have such a hate boner for Jah. Why so much hate?
That’s that new nba nonsense. Pass up the layup to kick it out to the perimeter. Kinda hate that 
The least I can ask for is him trying, he doesn't though.
He got fouled from behind at the rim. Are you serious?
I feel bad for you coz you live a life full of hate towards everyone
What are you on about you stupid idiot? I'm not a Lin fanboy if you think that, I've been e NETS fan since I got into basketball. Lin is irrelevant to me once he leaves the Nets, I've stuck around since the Devin Harris days, don't come out here and assume shit you piece of gravel. 
Because he gets outrebounded by guards, and shows no hustle. I see it based on his movement. And if he tries, and his movement is still so bad, then he doesn't have a future here.
Dude what is wrong with you.  You are overreacting after one game where half the team isnt showing any effort.
Dude I didn't even say you were a fan. It is just annoying people always hating on players to an extreme. I mean even Skilpatrick got hated on harshly when no one understood he was a solid guy in general.
I never saw anyone defend Skil, even some of the mods destroyed him, absolutely disgusting. And don't play innocent, I know what you were aiming at

It may not look like it of late but I still believe Crabbe has another level to go that he hasn’t reached yet. Whereas TT is what he is. I like Crabbe’s contract a lot less today but I’d want to keep him. 
If we're letting Carroll rest, no reason to play Crabbe if he's clearly not healthy.... Let's just give sauce a test run, see what he's got.
Who doesn’t back out lebron’s way tho? Poor brook :/
If that's how bad we were just without Lin, imagine if Brook went down too.
They’re not tanking, just a bad team. They’re also trying to shed salary though which was the point of the trade.
There were plenty of bad Nets teams before the move to Brooklyn
bruhhh why are we so bad. i think Crabbe and Harris lost their shots after Mexico City's 7000 ft elevation
Kenny back with the bad coaching decisions. 
If we keep playing Moztrash and limit allen PT then can we at least see okafor play.
#**WE PLAY TODAY**

We fucking lose 😔 fuck the knicks
Booker put up 70 and lost. They had to go off for us to even have a chance. When a shooting team's shooters ain't hitting shots, it can get ugly
it was really bad tonight
Quincy Acy should be afraid to do anything besides pass the ball when he gets it
He was in foul trouble all game.
if we just made a few 3s and not turnover in crunch time, we would've won. Yeah Acy sucks let's play someone else
Ugly af
Pretty terrible. Looks like they picked the worst fan designed jersey in 2k 
Yo lemon tree’s such a bomb strain! Mad respect.
We need to bring in Jah or something man.

We need to wake the fuck up.
Our two worst games of the season against the Knicks.. Fucking unbelievable
We're gonna get soo fucked up once we face the Pelicans.
Fucking Beasley
Gotta wonder why Atkinson kept letting Crabbe shoot us out of the game in the 4th 
Acy sucks
I feel for Acy, these slumps fuck with you mentally. He needs support, not slandering. 
Refs are awful. Knicks were travelling and setting moving screens all game.
Dunno what these articles are saying, our D sucks 
Fuck the Knicks, such a fucking stupid team
Porzingis out for the rest of the game. Need to get some boards, come on! 
Not a good stretch
Just awful basketball in the last 5 minutes
YESSSSS WE'RE IN IT, FUCK THE KNICKS
Kenny needs to tell them to stop fucking attempting to draw fouls late. Every game it happens and they give away the ball late
Allen crabbe is a pretty terrible shooter for the types of shots he takes
Bruhhh wtf
Look at fucking Mozgov picking his damn nose.
We lost to these pathetic fucktards FUCKKKKKKK
I wouldn't count this one as our 2nd worst game of the season. That Nuggets game was brutal.
pointed tgis out in like week 3 unless cousins gets ejected and AD Dies from a random injury
Quit the bullshit, Okafor has had 3 practices with this team, I'm happy you aren't our coach. 


how is this fucking dowvnoted? are you fucking retarded you idiots
Yes, after that game at Houston. We play zone sometimes when we need some change on d.
His body language is terrible 
Keep fucking drinking
They do this every damn game so annoying
I'm at Barclays  beer cutoff sadly on 5 slowly sipping 
We would’ve probably had a chance at getting the game to 3 and THEN start fouling. Doing it down 6 you’re asking for way too many threes in 39 seconds. Stupid strategy. 
Just Kenny stuck in his usual ways
Why are you always so angry?
That's horrible to hear, MT3 was so fun to watch. Get well soon Mirza
Once again another thread about trading just to trade....Second rounders could be easily bought if Marks wanted to..and i don't think 5-6m is that bad of a deal for someone like Joe if he continues to develop...People want to trade a guy whos proven for a guy who we have no idea about just because they think we can develop anybody.

At some point we gotta stick with the guys we have and actually develop a team and stop trying to trade and bring in new people..it's not like we have horrible talent.
Why would they do this? These are so ugly 
Wack as fuck. One of the easiest designs in the league to work with, too. Hope this isn’t legit.
Harris starts. Sauce gets some minutes this game
I think he always argued about fouls but I see your point, also levert Zeller pair  was working as well. As we saw in the WAS game
Read on Twitter that he has started shooting during practices, but still taking it slowly
Uhhmmm........ I don't think we'll get anything for Acy unless we're packaging him in a deal. Even with Marks' wizardry. I'd be shocked if we did.
I mean the email is from their website so I emailed them anyway but ya it is weird.
i didn't show up to the game
would be a bad gift if we lose
You can see him slowly gaining confidence with each game.
I had promised to bring her to a Nets game. I told her if you want to be with me you have to go to Nets games. 

As for going to MSG, I am not going to PAY to go to MSG. 


We ran it and they switched it, leading to a lot of isolation and tough 3 pointers. The reason Dinwiddie took those shots was because they switched the PnR and forced us to take those shots. Switching will always be a problem for us cuz we are such a bad iso team.
Fuck outta here.
I don't know, but all our players want to be on the Nets. That's a crucial part of the team. It's the entire culture. They either had a bad situation and wanted opportunity or literally wanted to be on the Nets. It isn't going to work for anyone who doesn't want to be here
Hey fuck you man!

/s
I love and hate watching him at the same time. Throwing up bricks all game while making the game winner, pulls at your heart
Crabbe hit the shot that counted, but man he was cold tonight.
Kinda ugly but I’ll take it 
Remember when people were giving Kenny so much crap in the beginning of the season? Where are they now?
THE BALLS ON THIS MAN to call that play when crabbe has been struggling from three all game long.  REDEMPTION!
My bad bro
Please acy get out of the game
Damn dude. They’re in the penalty, attack the basket. Stop chucking threes. Wtf man
That’s not ideal
Another close game.

Fuck me...
Dinwiddie singlehandedly trying to lose this game. Levert has been killing it then they switch to Dinwiddie heroball with Levert chilling in the corner.
CAN WE PLEASE FUCKING MAKE AT LEAST ONE?!
Heroballing retard fuck off
Irrelevant.
I really don’t see playing time for him unfortunately. His skill set is redundant to what we have, and the game plan that has been drilled in since training camp. 

 
Hmmm the only problem I can see is if Okafor plays a little bit too well, and he gets offered a ton by another team. It would suck to lose him =/
*doesn't include alcohol before (or during) the game but everything else included
They include beer and wine for 30 minutes before the game, after that you have access to a plethora of exclusive paid bars.
I guess I've been doing it wrong??
No chance Mozgov gets traded, unless it’s with Dinwiddie attached, AND with bad contracts coming back to the Nets.

It has to be a bad contract for bad contract deal with a sweetener like Dinwiddie involved.

Other than that, it isn’t happening.

Phoenix and Marks should talk.
Hmm might be crazy enough to work. 
Fuck I hope we give him minutes 
Okafor at the 4 would be awful
My bad, I forgot to mention it in my post. 
Section 209, row 20, seats 16 and 17.
Sorry for forgetting to mention it. Section 209, row 20, seats 16 and 17.
I'd like to see the Nets make a play for Nikola Mirotic. I'm just not sure how to make the salaries work. :|
It's just Dwill using a proxy, I've seen him use accounts from random places before. 
Are you in Nets Nation or Brooklyn Nets Basketball? Those groups drive me insane
I couldn't give a fuck less then about some random idiots who wish our player bad, this midgets just can't enter the Universe of Brooklyn Nets :)
Forget the Hill trade, Lin not being around the team to recover is kinda weird
who the fuck would trade for Lin now rather than in the offseason at the very least?
Fuck that spray paint hair looking ass bitch
Caus he's a little bitch that we are still paying. He wined and complained that he had no talent around him when we brought him in via a trade and when we did bring the talent he couldn't handle the leadership role. 
Sorry never heard of em (fuck that guy by the way)
I mean his shots improved every year, it’ll probably continue to improve.
he just started shooting 3s these past games. i have no doubt he will improve
I think he should still get some time to find his shot but if he still isn't cutting it by February then yeah he should probably go so we can make roster space for someone else preferably younger and give them a shot.
I am for uptempo off steals, blocks and rebounds, but I would like to see less forced attacks to the basket with 3 defenders in the paint. 
Sucks to lose, but we're still trending in the right direction. Acy might be gone by the trade deadline if he keeps playing like this =/
Couldn't make any shots down the stretch unfortunately.
Acy's g-league past is showing. He's bad. Kenny was experimenting with Allen at PF today for when we get Jah
Yeah I was thinking this too. Harris can score when we struggle offensively like we did because he makes defenses defend those hard cuts to the rim. 
Boy got mad squabbles. 
Isaiah Whiteside? What the fuck is this announcer doing, he's said it twice already, and confused Zeller with Mozgov multiple times.
FUCK HIM UP JARRETT
Who the fuck is this caster? Isaiah Whiteside? Called Mosgov Zeller?
So 2 dreadful shooters in Johnson and Winslow are lighting us up, lucky as fuck
Wtf LeVert seems to be a god at freethrows now
A bit late but LET'S GO NETS
How the fuck are the Heat hitting everything
how the fuck is Justice Winslow hitting 4-4 from 3? He shoots like 30% ...
Who the fuck is Quincy harris
You can tell we're getting killed by the altitude this game. Really hard to judge this game.
Please explain to me why Acy is in the floor. He doesn't even deserve the bench. Dude is USELESS
Tough game to watch for BKLYN. Heat are not a good team but too much fatigue for nets.
Man this team is terrible and they're smoking us.
These low scoring games are boring as hell
Also, why the fuck have we stopped driving, and why do we play 2 centers
What the fuck are they doing? Absolutely retarded play, take it to the motherfucking rim


Whoever is downvoting fuck you bitch
He's useless 
4-4 this game
My mans, it's hard to find a stream
He's sick
:(
Damn, just realized I fucked up the title. It's a line from the article, not something Jah said
“You fucked up! You fucked up! ECW! ECW!”
It's not about how you fucked up the title but rather how get up after you fuck up the title. 
Ummmm...... Well .... We are 29th in defense already , couldn't get much worst I guess 😂😂
Can't feel bad for Melo when he literally will not change the way he plays...there's tons of ISO still going on in the NBA it's just Melo is having probably the worst stretch of his NBA Career...the NBA has not passed on iso players, iso is still very much a big thing.
>I THINK YOU MEAN *a lot...





^^I ^^AM ^^A ^^BOT^^^beep^boop!
4 is a weird number for a big
Billy King got Larkin and TRob in his last year, which I think was a step in the right direction. They both failed miserably though. 


yeah, they were a .500 team with him in the lineup. now i’m sad again :(
Time will tell.

If all else fails, Nets got rid of an expiring contract they would not have re-signed, and restocked their 2019 2nd rounder.
Yeah it’s low risk. Worst case got a second rounder and move on
Dinwiddies is proven to be a starting PG anywhere except for Brooklyn yet. Suns have PG in Knight who's unfortunately injured this season. He started for 3 teams including Suns. Phoenix will except bad contract in Mozgov which is 1 year longer than Chandlers = not good, just for PG, who's on the edge of start/bench player? Not happening.
Was this game on yes also? The commentary with spanarkel and that random guy on League Pass was terrible last night...almost no replays, didn’t even talk about the trade, would way rather have watched with Sarah and Ryan
I mean, he HAS been garbage...but point taken
As it relates to sensei specifically though, it's not that he's arguing to give someone a chance (as you are) - it's that he's negative about EVERYONE. That is trolling
METHINKS WE EATIN THAT 8 SEED THE FUCK UP
I don't know what the fuck I just read but I upvoted.
He was probably watching the game saying "fuck" every time Caris made a basket or got an assist
#SENSEI IS SWEATING BULLETS  
  
#LEVERT YOU FUCKING BEAST
LEVERT LOOKING LIKE A FUCKING STUD
Refs tried to fuck us all game but LeVert said no. Thunder bricking everything also helped
FUCK YEAH I HAD A HEADACHE AND HAD TO GO TO SLEEP SO I TURNED LEAGUE PASS TO NO SPOILER MODE AND WATCHED THE ENTIRE GAME WITHOUT LOOKING AT MY PHONE ONCE WHERE MY NBA APP ALREADY HAD THE SCORE


Spencer gets fucked over by refs and Caris steps the fuck up! Fuck yeah!


By the way, Acy is stepping up big with Booker's departure. Making those hustle plays that Trevor did. He needs a stretch of games to really get the rhythm down on his 3 again though.
THE MAD MEN ACTUALLY DID IT
**DINWIDDIE DEFYS DOUBTERS DOES DRAMATIC DUNK**
Yeah definitely off. the energy in the building was lacking and on the court too. And even that fake Ian Eagle was weird. It kinda sounded like him but not really 
wait really? i only saw Thunder. Am i blind?
don't dwell on the past brother, that's why I never take pictures of anything ever
Yeah people in Paris still rep that Brooklyn merch even though we're bad, same with Raiders gear ugh
I don't mean it in a bad way, I mean it in a "look how much we improved!" way
Fuck
...

If RHJ is injured, I'm gonna be on suicide watch
This is gonna be a close game, isn't it?

All this anxiety in addition to finals week is gonna kill me.
If I’m Dinwiddie...I’m fucking the refs up after this one..win or lose.
LeVert, Point GOD this game
IM SO SORRY FOR EVER DOUBTING YOU CARIS LEVERT BABY
i m so tired and fucked for work tm but worth it if we take this
Fuck not again rondae...
Get the fuck out of here
Fuck the refs!
#GET THAT WEAK SHIT OUTTA HERE
Lmfao

Poor Dinwiddie
MOTHER FUCKING SPENCE
Andre Roberson's hair is so stupid
Seriously Kenny. Take Spencer off the court please
Maybe, ....Nets will have terrible possessions from now to game end.
HOLY FUCK
What a game
We're so fucking trash, and we don't have SK and Book, I'm sad
Two terrible touch foul calls on Dinwiddie- might be a night for caris to step and be a playmaker. 
I was like, what's wrong with Ian Eagle?  Does he have a cold?  Took me a second to realize it wasn't him
RHJ again :(
We look really bad 
This is the ugliest game I have watched in a while.
All ball. Fuck u refs
OUR

FUCKING

BALL
Why do Nets always go terrible possessions at 4th Q!?
Mark my words, the Brooklyn Nets are NOT gonna be trash this year. Even against this terrible OKC team, y'all are closing out games now. For real, I want to see where this team goes. With Okafor, let's see what you can do with him. GG
Like seriously
You'll never hear them hate on anyone 
Shit is crazy
Shut the fuck up...thanks...
Well, so is the rest of this bum ass roster, at least we have Atkinson
Well he’s been having an awful season and he’s hasn’t gotten a lot of minutes this season. No one really wanted Okafor either but he had an elite rookie season, a bad season last year, and he basically hasn’t even played this season. But that doesn’t necessarily make him trash.
> Well he’s been having an awful season and he’s hasn’t gotten a lot of minutes this season.  
  
And why he didn't get minutes? Because other players/SGs are better than him.
Your comparison is very bad and is not comparable to this. Carroll was short of an All-Star appearance after his Hawks stint, and has been injured a lot. Meanwhile Stauskas and Okafor have not shown anything since entering the league. 



On the real though, I shouldn't really be bothered by idiots like you and the people upvoting you. It's my own fault for trying to discuss shit with you morons, this sub has turned into shit since bandwagoners like you showed up. I won't parttake in anymore discussion with you, saves us both time.
I know this doesn't relate to the nba at all, but this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RK3xxCclmcg)  gets me fucking hyped for the kid
:( 
I feel exactly the same way I felt when we traded Anthony Morrow. :(
We just can't get attached :(
I'm waiting til we see them both on our court a few games to decide :/
All fucking hustle

Who said Brooklyn had no top three picks?  
You're not off the mark, but you're also ignoring the biggest flaw in his game - defense. Dude was simply not good on the defensive side of the ball. 
Hopefully.  Maybe that happens .  But then also on the offensive end, the NBA is going from the post-up game.  We went away from it when we traded Brook.  
I'm sad
Sucks to lose Book, but you have to give up value to get value. Hope he kills it in Philly!
The sidebar picture too :( He has so much heart
Heart and soul...real gutsy player. Not the prettiest game but exemplified Brooklyn grit. Never quit....good luck in Philly!
I'm not happy about this at all man.

Fuck.



are we going to lose tonight's game then?
Trevor Booker. We didn't have him for long, but this dude is the epitome of grit and hard work. Will be missed... :'(
I'm gonna miss this guy :(
Wasn't he the energy of the team? This guy hustled hard.
also sad, send cereal meme please.
I like this deal but I can’t help but feel for SK. Maybe another team will give him a chance. But we now have 2 of the top 3 picks from the 2015 draft which is insane
Sean Marks strikes again, and gets a 2nd round pick AND picks up $300k in ‘17-‘18 salary cap space.

The man is changing the GM game.
I'm not happy with this.
Do you think Marks said, " Hey, can you add a SG?" 

Hate to see Booker go for this pu pu platter. 
FUCK
I am not sure how I feel about this deal
Question: Can the Nets pick up Okafors team option for 2018-2019 since Philly didn’t?  I know there was a deadline but not sure how that works with players that are traded. 
We can't lose on this deal. Worst case scenario we still got a decent 2nd round pick out of it... Marks for universal overlord.
I don't think any Sixer fans hope he busts. He just simply does not fit in the Sixer's game plan.
Not way but I think Kenny can revamp his game and get him to become a legitimate player in this league. Remember, harris was out of the league, Carroll was considered done, and Dinwiddie wasn't even on a roster either. Now look at them
I am sorry but if you think this then you haven't watched him play. He is a liability in every way on the floor. Poor D, black hole on O, inefficient post scoring, poor rebounding, poor passing, low BBIQ...the list goes on...

I think Jah can be serviceable in the NBA...but he will need to improve A LOT, and be on a team that hides his weaknesses. 

People just like his flashy post moves but haven't actually watched him play a game. 
Mini-Lebron James, not just similar look, but sometimes he can go coast to coast, just watch it. 
Too bad he just showing flashes of it, not constantly plays like that.


who the fuck knows
Unfortunately, the way he's been playing this season, I don't think any teams wanted to give up something for him.   I think he will get signed though.
Bayless sucks, but Stauskas sucks more. In his few minutes this season he has been absolutely dreadful. 

His last game as a Sixers was probably his worst. Check out this exert from Philly.com from last game...

"Worst performance:  I had to give this to Nik Stauskas. The Sixers reserve shooting guard had a small, but dismal offensive display. His lone shot was an airball three-pointer right before the first-quarter buzzer.  He drove the lane later in the game, but turned the ball over while falling to the floor. Stauskas finished with two turnovers, one foul and zero points in 7 minutes, 39 seconds of action."

http://www.philly.com/philly/sports/sixers/devin-booker-tj-warren-robert-covington-sixers-suns-observations-best-worst-20171205.html
Did you watch any of the games?  Most shots per minute in NBA.  Poor 3-pt percentage (31%) and FT % (68%).  Worst assist to turnover ratio among 100+ NBA point guards.  No defense.  DLo on the court, Nets -9, off the court Nets -1.  Dinwiddie is opposite.
Fuck the Celtics!
Fuck, The Celtics!
I'm not really sure how. Carroll had already shown that he could produce a quality NBA season in terms of impact. Jahlil has not.
There's got to be hope for a guy with his skill, 6'11 height and 7'4 wingspan.

Sean Marks needs to get Tim Duncan to teach that low-vert Center game.
I really hate that people outside of NYC think Williamsburg is what all of Brooklyn is.
Thank you. & the fucking arena isn’t even in Williamsburg.
It's not excuse it's a pleasure of making the justice and punishing evil.


Well, Miami's at sea level, so even if we lose against OKC, playing at that altitude will probably help us for the Miami game.

Edit: I just realized the Miami game is in Mexico City too
well fuck that guy
You are weird man.
Yeah man Neapolitan style places. If you are talking your average hole in the wall slice joint you don’t do it.

I might have done it at motorino’s once but I was very drunk. 
No chance, but rest assured.  With Sean Marks, there is always a plan and always a reason behind his methods.
I just find it weird that he hasn't applied even if he doesn't make a move
Damn I thought people would recognize that I was being sarcastic, my bad.
I don’t know, man. The front office works in such secrecy, that who knows what their thinking is.  Look at how secretive they were about the DLo injury. All that secretive shit is annoying but it seems the Spurs are like that too, never really said anything about Kawhi’s injury. 
He cut Vasquez because he got injured..and Vasquez still did all his rehabbing here, let's not act like he cut Vasquez in some ruthless manner.
And the Knicks are about to freefall in the standings. Give Coach Hornacek credit for getting them to play hard every game but THJ could be out two months and KP is battling some nagging injuries. I’m calling that a W. 
They play team ball and have a few guys that can go off and take over a game when it’s clicking in Dion, Whitehead (who will be a bully), and Dragic.
Was hoping I’d be wrong about the Knicks game, oh well
The big contact guys aren’t necessarily bad. 
Mexico baby, unfortunately for us Brooklyn people
I watch every game but on DVR, so by the time I finish it's too late
Yep, and another tough road trip over the holidays. All about growth. That's what this season is. (And trying to trade for another 1st Round pick.)
Jarrett Fucking Allen
I guess the biggest question that needs answering after that game is, what was the source of that garlic smell? 
With no turnovers and has a threesome with cheerleaders after the game. 
 I thought it was just one home game,  no?  Not sure. 
Is no one going to point out the fact that he spelled Biggie wrong?
THERE IS NO BETTER COMBINATION THAN CARIS TO JARRETT
Caris been shooting well lately 
Holy shit, that penetration from LeVert and passes to Booker was sick
Crabbe, man up.  You’re up by 70 points. I like Harris’s expression, like oh shit, I gotta get in the game. 
yea its confusing
.....then it makes us a bad team which we are. 
Fuck Ohtani.

Yankees should sign Crabbe.
'What's happening?'  
  
'Huh, how bout that.'  
  
'O, shit!'
Remove your negative energy
I’ve seen people call Marks a genius an unhealthy amount of times on this sub 
Have to disagree here. I don't agree that he's been horrible but his shooting numbers are certainly a concern. He has been impactful in the way teams approach the Lakers defensively, but he must improve his shooting numbers or he will never get out of the average tier player and into the star/superstar tier (which is what is/was expected). He has flashes though, his instincts are so damn good that it is hard to believe he won't eventually be a star. Gotta improve those shooting percentages though, they are objectively garbage. 

I think if he stays what he is, he is a slightly worse Ricky Rubio. Still not so bad but not the transcendent player everyone was hyping up like crazy.
Cause he's a boss and doesn't give fuck.
Shut the fuck up Bondy. Nobody likes/ respects you 
Bondy can suck a fat dick. I have him blocked on twitter because he's the most negative writer out there. Pathetic ass dude
Even the Knicks reporters hate the Marks and the Front Office. That means he's doing something right.
Perhaps, but he is not nearly as handsome as Oubre or Dekker.
Saw this too, hope he's alright. I was assuming we would call him back up after this game too so he can play tomorrow, but that seems unlikely now. 
LeVert was twice as worst as the second worst +/-. 

When DLo comes back someone is going to lose minutes in the backcourt and it needs to be LeVert. 

LeVert is far too often the worst player on the floor. Bad turnovers caused by poor BBIQ. Missed shots caused by poor balance. Poor shot attempts caused by being out of control. We arent good enough to play dumb basketball. 

we're about to lose our Mexico "home" game as well
We just gonna forget that he just had an 11 game stretch of 11.5/4/3.5 with 49% shooting from the field and 39% from 3?
This is the Booker I hate, trying to do wayy too much. Should get Crabbe in rhythm 
Ughhh I think Acy has been pretty bad this month as well..
I mean we pretty much suck but man some of these shots that are falling for atlanta make me frustrated af. Combine that with the usual piss poor refereeing and there's why we can't cut the lead.
One of these games..

Fuck
WTF was that turnover by LeVert. No one was even close to where he passed it. SMH
I am at the game and I am tight AF
At the game. RHJ getting shots up at pregame!
Booker with these dumb possessions SMH
LeVert with the careless pass. 
It's mind baffling how bad we are at giving Crabbe open looks
We are losing to a injury riddled and tired Atlanta Hawks team, they should be ashamed, this ain't acceptable
Carroll is ice cold tonight
What does it take for this ref to call a fucking foul????
We can't get the game tied, it's so frustrating
This game is so fucking frustrating to watch...
We fucking suck still
Well I done fucked up. My bad fam. Gotta go to Costco to buy boxes of laffy taffies now. 
ARE THESE FUCKING RETARDS KIDDING ME, CALL A FOUL, FUCK THE REFS 
Jesus Christ LeVert is playing bad. 4 Turnovers in 13 minutes with a -18
The Hawks are flopping fucking bitches
Luke fucking Babbit scored 18, we are the worst NBA team ever...
Agreed. Sometimes this guy makes me so fucking angry 
Him and Booker drive me nuts with the dumb shit they do sometimes.
It's obvious they are just taking things to personal, let their emotions get over their heads. They are horrible
Yes but fuck Paul Pierce
not without knowing who the other 3 players are.

I mean Steph and Klay in 2015 or Steph and Klay in 2016? 
What a stupid tweet. It seems like he's just trying to spark controversy. No shit he's a keeper.
Think about what you just said.  Why make DLo be a PG if his biggest issue is "ball security"?  Worst assist to turnover ratio in the NBA.  DLo was born to be the new-wave prototypical NBA SG -- a SG with some PG skills.
The Knicks game is on 1/15
I wanted to thank everyone for all your advice and help. Watching the game this weekend! 
I mean if he's only going to a game or two a year i can see why he'd want to see russell
My bad! The 30th is in Madison Sq.
Any site recommendations for tickets? 
Yes, kinda disappointed Lin is out for the season too
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get yo ass kicked, worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards.
hes fucking garbage and if we manage to get anything for him it'd be a Marks miracle 
All Marks has done so far is take on bad contracts to get draft picks. Why would that change now? 
2/3 Hours before the start of the game?
where does one go in order to creep on the players before the game?
Cause raptors usually played iso plays, he thrived with the ball movement of the hawks and when he came here, he played well with our ball movement
Fucking quality.

Eh+.
I am so uncomfortable when Dinwiddie is not in the game.
Title is wrong, aren't we 8-13, or am i wrong
#BOOKER DIDNT WANT TO LOSE THE GAME.
FUCK THE REFS
You are correct, I fucked up. My b
Felt bad when he crossed up Dirk and all Dirk could do was foul him for the and 1. Watched it on stream and they kept showing Dirk goofiness in timeouts. Missed the days where he would just take over games!
He was getting boned this game. Third quarter the refs were trying to bring the mavs in the game or some shit it was insane. I agreed tho he just needs to play
He's playing for that 5th all time scoring record.. He needs to score around 17 points a night to get that though :c
Upvote if you did the Trevor Booker muscle flex pose this game! 
BOOKER IS NOT LOSING THIS GAME
FUCK ALL YOU BOOKER HATERS! This team would be NOTHING without his hustle!
MOTHER FUCKING BOOKER
OUR FT % AS A TEAM IS WORSE THAN DEANDRE JORDAN WTF
he was fucking shoved
Dinwiddie getting fucked by the refs this quarter
correction, everyone is getting fucked by the refs this quarter
What is worse, Lonzo Ball shooting FT or us shooting FT?
This is disgusting. Hit a free throw, please. Please.
what the fuck is happening
we are trying so fucking hard to lose
I want to ignore the fact that SKil is bad but he ruins half of our offensive possessions when hes on the floor I swear to god
fuck levert will be a monster if he can keep shooting like he has the past few games
WTF?
Holy shit, are you serious?!?!?!
christ the refs have had it out for dinwiddie this game
that's a tough one.
I think if we were in the playoff hunt he wouldn't be playing and we'd play levert/whitehead at the point when Dinwiddie is resting, but we'd have to switch around schemes to do that. It's fucking painful to watch this tho. Having Crabbe out as well doesn't give us any depth at guard.
And I'm 25 eating ramen, replying to this comment :( damn man. Also, 5 foot 9, fuck I'd be a shitty baller. 
I’m not entirely convinced prime Vince Carter was a human being. That speed he was going when he made that reverse alley oop was just insane.
not sure, homie
Never seen any of these guys around unfortunately. My boy lives in the Stuy and says Rondae is his neighbor and I was in a party with Caris this past summer. He's rail thin. 

I've seen Isaiah as a youngin at local tournaments but it would be so random to see Joe in a coffee shop (I'm not a $8 latte kinda guy tho). I'm a chopped hero at  Farmer in the Deli kinda dude.
Oh damn, you done fucked up.  You would have resold it today for north of $900k.
Dallas is like us, bad team but scrappy. Gonna have to earn this W. 
Aren't all bad teams scrappy?
He has been terrible. But it looks much more like he is just being a shooter trying to shoot himself out of a slump during inconsistent minutes. He has never been this bad, so I don't think it will last. 
LeVert actually playing under control. 

And it's only a 10 pt game. 

Lets go!!!!
Anyone else think Michael Grady is brutal?
Some of the overreactions about LeVert here are insane. 
Maybe if Harden sprained both of is ankles. D Lo has no suddenness like Harden has. D Lo is not good at driving like Harden
tbh they aren't.. questioning rookies is part of the game.. I guess some of them are ridiculous but still, always gonna happen
hmm idk, maybe it's their offensive style then.. It's just when I watch him in other games and the lane is clogged he fails a lot.. Idk, maybe i'm just dumb
I'm not huge on him either. There's a kid on every Power 5 college roster just like him coming out of college
I say this all the time. LeVert's skillset is a dime a dozen. There is nothing about his game that stands out to me. 
Sometimes it seems like when a team loses to the Nets, their organization goes crazy.
We've won multiple close games, so yes it's wrong
FAKE NEWS
SAD!
Can't shoot, not a good p&roller, bad p&r defender, bad rim protector. I don't see anything on him that fit what we are doing except for being young.
You see him unfit because he is slow or you think that we have a post scorer like him? 
Who cares if they play bad for another team after he is traded from the Nets? The point is he is playing well under Atkinson and their value has gone up and other teams may show some interest. 


Wait for A buyout or take a chance on him next season. Seeing how he spends his summers in NY (was actually chilling in a party with him in Brooklyn in June), I think we have the inside track. 

I don't think Philly would trade him to us tho.
I didnt cite Anthony Bennet to be used as a reason to why we shouldnt...i used him just as a reason that just because Okafor is 21 doesn't mean we should automatically try out a player who for all intents and purposes does not play the way the Nets do.
So what you are saying is the "Fuck Brooklyn" GM got fucked by the Brooklyn GM?
DEMARRE THE GOAT. FUCK TORONTO.
**[FUCK THE RAPTORS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9j9KfDuigs)**
I think RHJ has been such a revelation of this year, but man does he have to slow it down a bit. He goes at the rim 110% speed sometimes and crashes to the ground hard almost all the time. He's a walking injury, he has to slow it down. 
When you look at it this way I don't think it was that bad of a decision. Plus, Dinwiddie and Booker both ended up with 5 fouls at the end of the game. Imagine if they fouled out halfway through the 4th.
Agreed. He just need to implement a power dribble instead of that weak under the basket layup he continuously tries
Holy fuck. Please don't let us lose this lead
It's unlikely, but I suppose it's possible.
Who would have fucking thought at the beginning of the season that I would be scared if Spencer Dinwiddie and Joe Harris weren't on the floor?
REMINDER WE WERE FUCKING PAID TO TAKE DEMARRE CARROLL
Mozgov what the fuck?
Fucking refs FUCK OFF AND CALL THE FUCKING FOUL

EDIT: Just kidding but FUCK NOT ANOTHER INJURY
4th quarter full retard Nets incoming
Refs deepthroating their whistles like the dumb bitches they are. 
THIS IS THE GAME I WANTED TO SEE
I like the way the audio is mixed in this game. I heard someone on our bench (I think SK) say "Thank you Joe!" after his 3
Levert's shot clock awareness is fucking terrible 
What a lousy shot attempt by Levert.
Carroll's grit is insane
seriously fucking end my life
Grizzlies Halftime Show Game is _weak_.

Is memphis the most boring team in the league? 
Grizz are cold. We can blow this game open
Holy fuck.

I thought they were talking about RHJ being badly injured.

I was about to be on suicide watch until they mentioned it was Parsons.
Fuck me....

It's one of these game rn
This is a game in which Kenny should allow Acy to get some burn
Ugh why do we always open so sloppily
Too bad Lin is out, no Parsons-Lin bromance 
Mosgov I'm gad you decide to throw up a left hook with NO ONE FUCKING THERE
Fuck
OF FUCKING COURSE
Kilpatrick reminds me of a headless chicken that just runs around inside the arc and then back out
#NO EASY BUCKETS
Carroll is so fucking gooooooooooooooooooooooooood
Would be two in a row if Kenny would have ended the Portland game with this lineup
How violent are Booker's screams?
The Nets are kinda ignored by the media. Even when I was just a casual NBA fan, I never really heard about the team other than "NeTs SuCk lul" "nEtS tRaDe lul".
Seems like every Memphis game I watch is like this
Looks like just a rolled ankle, so it hopefully shouldn't be too bad. I would have a hard time believing that injury would last a month. Maybe 2 weeks.
fuck small ball lmfao
Thanks. I hope it's not too bad then.
Like... easily right? I can't think of another team this boring
Parsons?

Knee injury. Out for the game.

RHJ?

Twisted his ankle.

Probably out for tomorrow as well.
They play a game tomorrow
walked on his own w/ a slight limp. hopefully it's a small ankle sprain at worst
hope he can keep it up.. It seems mostly mental when he plays bad, I think he will keep shaping up as the year goes on
Instead of downvoting me, how about people refute what I post. 

LeVert has been the worst player this year by far who gets minutes. All of the numbers support me on this. 
You question a players numbers using stats. That's how I know you're using them wrong.
Unless you're the Celtics. Fuck Billy King and Fuck the Celtics.
Kilpatrick for Teletovic? I wouldn't be mad
Didn't want to bring it up but.. yeah looks like I'm not the only crazy one thinking about it

https://www.netsdaily.com/2017/11/27/16704238/would-sean-marks-trade-spencer-dinwiddie
If they were smart, they'd start Spencer at PG and DLo at SG, which is where his future lies.  Forcing him to play out of position is not good for his development.  He can be an All-Star at SG.  I'm not a hater, it's crazy.  I'm a fan.  I don't hate DLo, I hate Trump.  I couldn't care less about NBA players.  This is about whether the guy can play or not, not about being popular or well-liked.
Go post up near the stadium. Buy some tickets 5 minutes before the game starts on StubHub. Have one of those dudes in the little printing stations print your tickets for you.

I got tickets to the Warriors game for $40 each like that.
We were the worst team in the league even with Lin for 36 games, and without him we were one of the worst teams in NBA history.  We were NOT competitive without Lin last year, period.  We went 1-27 without him at one point!!!! Maybe you left out a word in the first sentence...."not" a competitive team?
Called and disproven -- when?  And getting a little emotional here?  Relax, it's basketball.  I don't agree that DLo is a superstar talent. Sorry.  That does not make me a "hater" or a bad person.  It's my opinion.  I think he can be an All-Star shooting guard.  Not a superstar.  Telling me to f--- off, on the other hand, is rude.
Terrible possessions in the final 2 minutes. Was their game to lose.
That one hurt.

We played so fucking well. We did almost everything right. At least we had an excuse (LeBron) for losing the Cavs game.
Portland was getting every call and nets weren’t in the 4th. Hell of a fight by everyone on the Nets. Disappointed that with 10 seconds left and down 2 they decide to take a contested three
Fuck fuck fuckity fuck that
Brutal loss. Nothing else to add. How was that not a travel or back court on lillard?
Goddamn this one was frustrating
Hell Jarrett shouldn't have been on the court to end the game anyway. I would have kept Booker in 
For real that inbound was bad. Crabbe was farther away but at least he was open and wouldn't have to fade away to get the shot off, although I'm probably just nitpicking cause I doubt he would have made it anyway, thats still a tough ass shot 
I was hoping the post would be about somebody buying tickets for a home game, and not realizing it wasnt in Brooklyn. 
Liking the energy to start this game. Blazers look a little flat and we're taking advantage of that on the offensive end. Hopefully Crabbe can get that 3 off a screen going.
Rondae's development is insane can't wait to see what he can improve on in the next two years
That was a bad call by the refs
That shot from Crabbe was a bit forced
wtf is this
How do you fucking turn the ball over there? Hello???
Jarrett Allen is looked dead in the 4th quarter :(
Kenny and this stupid fucking lineup. Wtf dude
Yeah he’s been playing with a lot of confidence of late. I like it 
crazy how much a small tweak can change
Brutal. Chinese websites will have it soon!
Anyone else gin a be at the game? 
Starts 5pm here & I have an hour drive from work. At least I’ll catch the 2nd half to see us close out the game in glorious fashion. 
He's not going to be back anytime soon. Patella tendon is one of the worst sounding injuries I've ever heard of 
D'Lo needs to come back already :(
Close games mean nothing when it's an L on the board. We are not here for moral victories. We can have close games all season and still end up with the worst record in the league. It's all about closing the "close" games and none of the players on the team can close them. 

When Lebron went off, we had no answer for him on the offensive end who could score at will. If we had D'Lo, it would have been another story. 
Well fought but I don't think there's a team in the league that could've withstood that onslaught from Lebron. Fuck me, had to be us. Ggs tho we fought hard
Lebron James just might be a small problem for us and we need DLO byke
Can the hate circle jerks stop with Kilpatrick.. he can contribute he just never has time to get a rhythm.
i mean, if he stops playing like shit ppl will stop. Levert has been getting nothing but love since he stopped playing like shit. Kilpatrick has been so, extremely, unfathomably bad, and i know we don't have any other options but its painful to watch.
Well Levert gets a lot of time, hard not to play like shit when you're getting sporadic time like Kilpatrick got. 
his decisionmaking is bad. he warps our entire offense cuz he chucks it or turns it over every time the ball touches his hands. I'm willing to let him develop but like, I still hate watching him play rn
yea they're both terrible rn. only two guys on the roster i dislike watching atm. at least mozgov got us dlo
I fucking hate losing these types of games 
holy shit lebron why do you hate us
we're getting fucking dad dicked....
Can't help it. He's horrible.
Allen had a Kareem-esque sky hook the other game.  And he's already  he's a rim protector.  Allen for President!!!
Whoever reported this as spam, politely fuck off. 
At least Jarrett can play
If you can make them at a 40% rate, you take them (at least in my opinion)
Not sure how I feel about Noel. He seems to have some character issues. 
Fuck no
Hate to tell you man, but they had to put Sly down. Had rabies or scabies or something. Mini Sly ran onto the NJ Turnpike as they were packing for Brooklyn and no one has seen him since. 
That's a tough question. probably Lin
Wow, some crazy deals. $444 for court side plus jayz tickets damn thats crazy..
Dinner with the legend hismelf Sean Marks??? Fuck I wish I had disposable income. 
Sweeet just copped two for the Pistons game.
I copped two myself for the pistons game.
What a disgusting thing to say.
How can anyone downvote me for calling out "zayraunR" for saying "let's not start sucking Spencer's cock yet" -- is there no more civil way to express this sentiment?  How about: "Let's not put Spencer in the Hall of Fame yet"....
Marks got him signed up for 2018 at $1.7 million. But then he is going to get expensive. 
You're missing the Cavs game where Dinwiddie put up 22 points and dad dicked them with a long range 3 at the end.  
Whoops, forget to average in the Celtics game. But there was also the Cavs game. Ill edit my comment when I total the 4 game averages
fuck you, bitch
Sad that we lost this one, but give some credit to the guys to push through a 28 point deficit.  
RESPECT YOUR FUCKING POINT GUARD GOD DAMNIT. IF HE IS CALLING A PLAY, DON'T BE LOOKING AT NOTHING FOR 10-15 SECONDS IN CRUNCH TIME AGAINST THE CHAMPIONS.  
  
**EDIT:** The annoying thing about this ... it happens so many times with us, Russell or Dinwiddie call a play, this shit happens. This is the first time it fucked hard during a tough game.
That possession cost us the game
We desperately need another ISO player. DLo is the only person who can score for himself. We needs someone who can catch it and go. 
It costed us a CHANCE to stay in the game, not like the game was tied or we were only down like 2. Yes it was a very bad possession, but it wasn't the sole reason we lost
Yo, fuck these bangwagoner fans in Barcley Centre.
DUUUUUUUUUUUUDE, HATE IT WHEN OUR PG IS CALLING FOR A PLAY AND **NONE** OF OUR PLAYERS REACT TO IT. C'MON
man fuck the dubz 
Sad days when we have to choose between Skil and Whitehead to get minutes
Actually not looking bad this quarter, but too little too late
Yalls cheerleaders are thicc. that's all. I'll see myself out. 

also we got ourselves a bit of a game. 
See? You get some energy and you go from 28 to 14. Plus Curry with 5 fouls.  
Completly possible. Just don't fucking have 0 energy in the 4th
#FUCK YEA
Sloppy
team needs to analyze this game during the reviewing session, we play a lot like the gsw with all the ball movement but what we're lacking is the off-ball movement, players need to know where they should be moving to, we just stand around and wait for the pg to do something.
Warriors might have tired legs after Philly game. Time to ride the gas and see. 
Pump it up by Joe Budden might literally be the worst song ever, 


Came ta get it OHHHHHWWWWNN 
Unbelievable these fucking refs
LeVert wtf happened to u 
Dinwiddie' s cold he should've passed to Crabbe or Levert 
My god LeVert is a terrible player. 
lesson of the night..

lesson for the season..

seriously what happened to our FT shooting?
He isn't fucking up tho. Our defense has us down.
Sprained ankle, doubtful to return
the reverse dunk was nasty
He meant that he played so terribly that no one would trade for him
He's the worst fucking player in the league, why would anyone actually give something up for him?
Unpopular Opinion but I’ve never liked them 
Y'all remember two years ago when we were a missed Brook layup from beating the Warriors?? That game was dope as fuck.
Curry and Klay would have to get violent diarrhea before the game. 
Durant needs to be out of the game
Fuck
Wtf Just realized we kinda have a celebrity as a part of our fam!
Wtf he's the founder of Reddit and marrying Serena Williams????

And here I am just jerking off to Dinwiddie highlights like I thought the rest of us did...well congrats to him. 
I was at the game with friends. He went off... the buzzer beater was insane and he crossed the shot out of Jingles!
i didn't post it here, but i called it that the GOAT Spencer Dinwiddie was going to have a career game tonight
What a boring title what about:  
  
#**YOUR BOI SPENCER ''GOAT'' DINWIDDIE GOES FOR 25 AND YOUR BROOKLYN NETS BEAT THE UTAH JAZZ**  
  
c'mon /u/BushidoBrowne
Dinnwiddie 

25 Pts (9-14 FG / 6-10 3pt)

8 Assists / 0 Turnovers

5 Rebounds

2 Steals

We are not worthy!!!!!!
Missed the game how was everyone?
WE GO HARD
....


#I HAVE FAILED

 #FadeMe
Jared Sullinger is averaging 34 points and 15.6 rebounds a game in China.
Fucking whitehead, he's gotta play within himself. He had an open caris in the corner but does that and gets himself hurt 
Can we please just not get injured? WTF?!
Whitehead is actually so fucking trash 
Dear God Whitehead is terrible
Ingles looks like a fucking potato chip
I swear this stupid team is cursed
Joe Ingles is the fully actualized version of the dude from rec league who's a total schlub but somehow roasts you because he hits every fucking jumper he takes.
fuck spence is so money
Game of runs, don't let Utah Sprint plox
Idc. Don't let Booker shoot threes.. It clearly is a terrible thing, so inefficient.. I'd 100% rather see a midrange 
They've got themselves a game.. Stick in there, Nets
wth levert :(
Hate to be a Debbie downer but he’s getting busy against a rookie who is naturally a two guard. 
Fuck I can't make it. Will be looking for you guys on TV.
Hey y'all - I already have tix for tonight --- any interest for a beer after the game 
what the fuck
:(
The curse will be broken once we stop paying D Will
It's unbelievable how they hide injuries from the fans. They were just saying day to day. 
Word. I’m starting hate all the secrecy. It went from day to day to oh by the way, had surgery. It’s one thing not to speculate on trade rumors. It’s another to totally hide extent of injury from fans. 
Just wait till they "reveal" that Jeremy Lins injury is infinitely worse than we already think
Also, if all else fails when trying to run plays, his ability to draw fouls out of an iso post was pretty absurd.

I MISS YOU BROOK
:(
he attempts those silly hook shots, though
Why can't he just miraculously heal and come back by all star break :'(
Also alot. Autocorrect usually catches that, so he must have it off. 
The Sun, duh
And Crabbe steps up his game and is a legit 15 ppg scorer 
As bad as he’s been, caris is untouchable too 
I love Dinwiddie, but holy shit, for a guy who controls well the offense, why he randomly shot TWICE in a 5/6 point game WITH STILL ENOUGH TIME TO MAKE IT A 2 POINT GAME?!  
  
Fuck moral victories, what a stupid loss. And fuck our arena, MSG had a booing LeBron even tho he beasted that game, but we? Lets have Boston fans completly control the arena and also cheer MVP for a player that isn't ours.  
Ugh
I can't be mad at this game we played really decent it's still Fuck the Celtics tho
I'm at school in New England so I was forced to watch the Celtics broadcast last night. God, was it miserable to watch the Nets without my man Ian. 
Yeah and then the worst part is half the Celtics fans in here and twitter agree with him and I'm stuck between being a die hard Celtics fan but also a logical human being with eyes who can tell our announcers are wrong ahahaha it's brutal 
As per usual, we're getting a winnable game get out of our reach
dont be hurt rhj we need u every game
Dinwiddie legit lost the game, WHY HE SHOT 2 RANDOM TRIPLES FFS
On the train rn to the game boys, bought the tickets before Russell got injured but still comin out to support!
Oh shit, is LeVert going to have HIS GAME?
Boy Acy fucking sucks
I hate players like Morris, they have perfected the shotmaking of the most difficult shots. They are so demoralizing and frustrating to see go in.
FUCK THESE CELTICS FANS IN THE CROWD, FUCK OFF FROM OUR HOMECOURT YOU BITCHES
I thought I took my tickets off ticketmaster's shitty resale site but they sold one. Didn't get notified until I got off the train 30 min before the game and after I transferred a ticket to my friend.  My friend is going to be sitting next to a stranger. I fucking hate Ticketmaster. 
Holy shit fuck the Celtics
FUCK THE CELTICS
There we fucking go, fuck the Celtics!
wtf, my streamed fucked up for like 1 minute and now we behind by 11?!
fuck these wack boston fans
Quincy acy in :((((
Acy Levert has to be the worst connection the NBA has seen this year
Lets fucking go
Man that chick is pale as
Jarret Allen goes in and our defence breaks apart :c can't help it cus a rookie i guess
This is a really physical game off ball.  They're taking hard hits.
can someone tell me wtf is on Booker's head?
Hopefully no more Hero ball. Carroll took some bad shots that quarter
How is that not a foul, fucking sons of bitches
kyrie made contact TWICE wtf
Fuck me..
They just make stupidly tough shots, we get demoralised, brick our shots. Tough game ahead. Fuck the Celtics and fuck their piece of shit fans in the arena.


morons downvoting
I'm at a bar watching the game. Thank God I can't hear the Celtics commentators
I blame our fanbase, weak.
when he makes those random 3s, we call him the GOAT
Because the Boston fans bought out the Nets fans tonight. If you are Nets fan, you can go to the game on Friday for half the price you would have paid tonight. 
Yeah agree, that deep 3 was a bad decision
someone called him a raisin on the /nba game thread
PLaying him is a two edged sword, his hustle, energy and solid D comes with the expense of bad shot selection.
Yeah. Hook from 8 feet out is crazy. 
sorry man. can't make it to all 40 home games. not always in town and financial reasons as well
This game came down to us not being able to run a proper play in the clutch, hoisting up retarded 3's cost us this game
my bad but there are a lot of retarded boston fans though
you mean Cyclone?
Fuck the Celtics 
Let's fucking go Rondae!!
Seriously, I thought I was taking crazy pills earlier in r/nba. I feel like no one mentioned him choking at the end of the loss to the Nets
LeBron is just sick of representing the dumpster fire of America.
well at least we got dinwiddie
Breakout game for Caris.

@ me
I'm gonna guess Dlo is back for the cavs game 9 days from now.. sucks because the next jazz game is winnable :c.. Still is if we play lights out of course!
Bushido-god with the hard read 🙏🙏🙏
NBA game  Nostradumas
I want Jarrett Allen to start so badly. He is the solution to our Starting Center problem. 



Fuck David Lee, he's engaged to Wozniacki so we are now mortal enemies.
Skil sadly and the other two way Quattara.
Does his name mean Mandingo in polish? 
Kenny gonna turn him into a small ball 5.
Steph, Kyrie, Russ wear knee sleeves. DLo and CP3 do not. Coincidence? I think not. DLo should wear those bad boys even though idk what they do.
Well, fuck
8 months? Thats Weird. He always shows up to watch the third quarter with me. 
Could be worse.
You dumb as fuck if you think Mosgov is productive
Player of the Game: [insert opposing PF/C]
Our bench sucked without Spencer. They always did damage against us when our bench was on the floor. And Caris levert, Jesus, Mary and Joseph is he playing flat out bad! 
Favors had like 1000 offensive rebounds and the rim hated the nets today:(
So what's the timeline of his return?

(please don't make it worse please)
Guess OP and co-worker are in bad terms
I know but its frustrating to watch Rondae/Demarre get out muscled every game in the paint. Favors has been struggling all year but he did whatever he wanted tonight. I just hope we can get another big somehow.
What happened though? Took a hard fall? Twisted his ankle? What?
Let's just say I hate someone but because were in this as a team I need to be friendly with the guy. Worse part he's a celtics fan.
Yea we would. We have Lauri, Bobby, Niko, Felicio, and Lopez. I like Bobby for his rebounding and his 3 pointer which is decent, but the fan base is so drunk on Lauri we wouldn’t care if Bobby or Niko got traded. A second rounder would probably snag him, hopefully he keeps this streak up. We aren’t use to him scoring 20ppg if you were curious lmaoo. 
I really hope DLo's knee injury isn't severe. Would be utterly devastating if we lost him.
Tha is fucking depressing 
celtics hate week
fuck me
This unit stinks
Whitehead is horrible
D'Lo single handedly keeping us in the game
PLS get whitehead out of the game
Positives: Dlo is gud

 Negatives: No one else is this game
Fucking Levert
This game is over and I'm sad
Jesus Caris is not a good shooter
I can't stand seeing bigs abuse us every game
Game
Hate watching wide open dunks and layups
Dlos durability at his age sucks. But so did Kyries. 
Hopefully it's nothing too serious
Rodney Hood has been Utahs worst player this season, and this game, this fucking piece of shit decides to turn up. It's always one of those bum motherfuckers that do this.
If D'Lo doesn't start the 4th quarter, there is no hope for this game
sloppy sloppy start
I'd rather have Joe Harris try PG than whitehead/skil :/
:c
Our defense is so fucking terrible omg
Cruddy game but it's the end of the road trip
This is whitehead I know. Can go inside and make a layup and at least know how to boxout the bigs.
Get Skil out of the game ffs.
Not surprising 
Man fuck Levert and Whitehead, send their asses to the G-League, they suck
I hate Kenny and his rotations. We always blow leads, even just 5 points, because of his dumb minute restriction. Why is Whitehead still in?
Kenny is trash..his rotations are trash..and the fact that we have a glaring need at center and they refuse to address it is a bad mark on Marks.
Unclear, just looked like he twisted wrong, didn't look bad, he took himself off court
There is no way a coach can be this dumb...
he hasn't been playing well... i'm all for giving whitehead the chance this game.
He's really bad at basketball.
Coz he is terrible
Because he sucks
Man, that sucks
It's quite sloppy as well
LeVert at least can still contribute in other ways. 
Need a bot to update it every game, 76-6 
No love for Dinwiddie?
D'Lo is slowly turning into the player I've always thought he'd become. You guys have an elite talent on your hands. (ಥ﹏ಥ)
Probably the coolest thing was seeing him come back from an awful scoring showing the first half of the game.

If he took anything from Kobe, I hope it was his mental resilience 
> should of 

 Did you mean should've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
he started the game with 9 points on 2 shots, dude was locked in all game.
This. His slump is horrible right now but I think he'll get out of it.
Yo I don't know wtf we did but our defense and offense has improved a fuckton from the past games.
He should be getting 34-36 minutes a game
They played well, but some Nets players are still taking bad shots without passing the ball around enough. 


Also Nets can play well in the half court when they slow it down. 
Sorry! Newbie here
ice in his fucking veins
is it me or defensive rebounds are hard for your bigs.
NOOOOO Lillard! What could've been!!! I hate you Billy King!
rondae fuck my bitch 
that's ball game
That's game! Let's goooo
Ball game letsss gooo
Caris LeVert so so so bad
Please don't beat us too hard :'(
Man this is brutal.. LeVert is still struggling
This defense is suffocating holy shit
Fucking ice
That head fake tho
Why the fuck did he jump
RHJ post up game on point
Portland's crowd is so weak
BALL GAME
BALL GAME
he's playing hard defense and fighting through screens everytime
I rather have Whitehead on the court at this point. Its Fucked up but I expect something bad to happen when Caris gets the ball and 75 percent of the time I'm right 
I thought he would learn his lesson from the game when he put DLo early in 4th and he won us the game but nope
AGREE! His confidence is so shot that he cant even finish under the rim :(
Wtf is going on with Jarrett Allen 
Why do you think he'll play so poorly?
Made a post about this a few days ago. He's the guy we need. Would be crazy if we somehow nab Jabari and Jahlil.
That was two years ago? Dark times... 

Though that one post that said something like "wtf is wrong with this sub" but was actually criticising us for not including air bud had me dying 
Man...hopefully Allen's foot injury isn't too serious.
We get blown the fuck out.

I am not really worried, but I am curious as to how bad is Jarrett Allen's leg or foot is. Is this another Atkinson and Marks precautionary tactic?
Thanks for the insight.  I was wondering why the lack of minutes, but I guess it's just a victim of a crowded front court and Kuzma's emergence.  His per 36 numbers are insane.  Andre Drummond like.  
People are idiots 
Knows more than whatever your pathetic life is.
he had like 3 bad games, all y'all need to chill tf out. 
Not exactly sure why we are comparing to Porter... but yea
Injuries, and we unfortunately don't have a 7'3 fucking monstrosity of a man
Our number 1 guy is doing 20 pts, 5.6 assists on 46/26/71, and their number 1 guy is doing 30 pts, 7.5 boards, on 51/38/84 w/ 2 blocks a game. 


I dont think 33+ is sustainable at the pace the nets play. They work hard on offense and defense. Unless you have an athletic big/rim protector that anchors your defense, you'll have to hustle and chase trying to go over every screen.
Not sure why you got downvoted. I agree with what you said. I also like that you said "yet." I, too, think that D'Lo could reach superstar status someday.
Aaron Gordan is making 2.4 3s per game at a .559 percentage. He's having a crazy start this season.
he's looking great, but 5 for 5 is insane. no one has a bad game against us
Existence is painful
> Sees Sean Kilpatrick ending with +9  
  
Some players reflect with the +/- , this is not the case.  
What an awful player.
Bad loss today. Time to move on, fix mistakes, and look forward to the future.
jesus russ has been terrible from 3
Pathetic shit so far
I’m at the game. Wish j allen’s Dank fro was on the court
I'm going to sleep, I don't deserve this crap
I despise everyone on this stupid team apart from Carroll and Lin.
STICKY ME THE FUCK UP
This is looking terrible
why do we continually decide to not defend Jokic on the perimeter? like wtf
Did Kenny decide this game is over already? Get Whitehead and Skil the fuck outa here
Kilpatrick just likes to get a bit of space so he can random shot something
We desperately need bigs that can defend, Jokic and Millsapp are destroying us. We cant always rely on 3 point shooting, we need points from the paints too. I cant even imagine us facing against AD and Boogie. KA kinda needs to stop it with his "everyone can be a PG or play the same minutes".  
Im not sure, probably not though
Nuggets fan. Malone was pissed that his bench was letting the nets get back in the game so he put his starters in to finish it. The defense was playing like shit
Kenny's fucking fault. 17 point game with 11 fucking minutes to go and he keeps Whitehead and Kilpatrick in instead of people who aren't fucking garbage. God this is frustrating.
Yeah, I've watch every Nets game this year because of Russell and it's like he's the opposite of when he was a Laker. He's getting inside the paint and finish like crazy, but can't buy a three. Last year it was the other way around. 
dude seriously fuck off about all ur bitching about DLo
eh, 8/5/4 at the half, should have 10 but they didn't call a goaltend. Not too bad.
That's what we do here. We turn people into shooters (or try to, at least)
Kenny is pissed as fuck aswell. If we don't make the playoffs in the next 3 years, it's because of our stupid players, not because of the coach.
At least he's an offensive juggernaut, Mozgov has been playing no defense on him either and doing nothing on offense
The way the starters were playing this game, putting them in would be no help
At what point do they look at the analytics that tell them they were the worst team in the league last year and have been underperforming this year as well?
fuck that
It's just not really worth it tho, back-to-back game as well. Players are tired after a contested game yesterday
wtf?
This is very simplistic, look at the player movement, there was not much Levert could have done, our players were just standing there, not even setting screens for him.
I agree, though everyone has been fucking terrible
Some fucking idiot downvoting everything in here
You're the man, it's a shame we have to suffer through this game though
That's what I said.  That's why I got really frustrated losing some winnable games.  The upcoming schedule is looking brutal.  People told me I was buggin, but we could easily be 5-15 when the dust clears.  
At least we get a break with Cleveland 
Damn that stretch is insane, ton of stars we'll be going up against. Might be time to grab some tickets and watch some elite players, though.
If Jarrett, RHJ, and Booker are all out, we're going to have to bleach our eyeballs after this game
Jokic with a 82 point game tonight
Man you're really negative all the time, bums me out.
Please no more 6'9'' centers. 
dirty
I'm not sure. Maybe we found another Dinwiddie maybe not. Remember we thought Bennett deserved more minutes until we realized he's actually a terrible player once he was waived. I feel like it can go either way.
I mean, he's still producing something at least. And given his contract size, I'm not saying we found a gem or anything but he seems to be playing his contract, which isn't too shabby.
fucking atrocious refereeing this game
Joe "Cum on your bitch" Harris, with the work

Tyler "Fuck out the way" Zeller 
Lauren tried to fuck us over, but Dlo wouldn't have it. 
Just watched it and man, I don't know how they pulled it off. Refereeing was outrageous, we didn't shoot that well, rebounding was as it always is. Playing good D saved the game, that couple of possesions that didn't end up with a whistle.
watching this game was like watching two backup QBs play against each other and it was glorious
I really hope not to see this continue.  It feels like bad juju.
Kenny pulling guys for doing dumb shit but not LeVert.
Not the prettiest game, but I'll take it

PS. FUCK THE REFS
dude omg these fucking refs can't be serious
Wow these refs are so trash holy crap
wtf happened

nobody who didn't watch this game will believe what just went on here with these calls

i'm too frustrated to figure out if my previous sentence contains a double negative or not
I just realized there is no player I hate on this team. No Foye, Nicholson, or Hamilton. Wow
My goodness wtf happened to LeVert I'm starting to worry
Caris makes my eyes bleed. 10th game and it's still all garbage all game.
This game is ugly but holy shit these refs have to be fired.  Atrocious job.
These fouls are ridiculous, three guys have 4 fouls
Oh fuck did you see that dribble move by Kilpatrick, damn KA really went all in on stopping stupid ball handling mistakes.
How do these refs have fucking jobs?
how..... is.... that.... a fucking.... foul
LeVert might be the worst Net since Outlaw. 
Fuck. The Suns go on this run literally as soon as I changed the channel to YES. Sorry guys, I'll going back to football.
OMG....we need to slow down on offense...put in Dinwiddie at point tbh
Ugly basketball.. sheesh
Wtf are these bullshit foul calls
is this what we get for putting sf into Center? small dude fighting 7ft+ giants every game. 
Starting to feel bad for Caris. Send him to the GLeague Kenny to get his confidence back up
Wtf are those fouls 
This is why I hate going SMALL. :(

I hope rhj is fine :(
Fuck You Alex Len!!!!
Can't say I'm not impressed with LeVert's defense tonight
The refs are ridiculous. Now Phoenix gets to go to the line if the Nets breathe on them.
Wtf man
Chandler's been doing that allll fucking night, thank god
Fuck Mike James Jesus my man is dicking us hard.
Damn that injury must be making it hard for acy to jump
ABOUT DAMN TIMEEEEEEEEEEE!! GRINDHOUSE GAME!
THAT'S LEVERT'S GAME! STOP TRYING TO FUCKING SHOOT! USE YOUR FUCKING ATHLETICISM
Our shot selection is retarded, I cannot believe how people can hold Atkisnon responsible for our players doing dumb shit and lack of D.


Can the moron downvoting me show up
This shot selection is pathetic
Please someone needs to shoot these refs in the leg, fucking pigs, 
Are you serious Levert
No more fouls pls. thx
Rip joey, that was sad
Just to damn casual with the ball. C'mon D'Angelo
Typical LeVert. Turns a bunny into 2 the other way. SMH

TRADE THIS BUM!!!!!
Fuck that lightskin piece of shit
:( it's happening
refs ruining the flow of the game tbh
She is atrocious
he has a hip contusion and is doubtful to return
He's shooting bad tonight 0-6, but last season he shot 43%, this season he's shooting 52.4%
He's using bad shots as teaching moments. Definitely a player development coach.
That boy mad
U mad?
Yeah. The pace is crazy
If Atkinson said that, that is ridiculous. The kid could develop his shooting while still doing the things he does well. 
I think he's hovering around 200 But it's all on how aggressive you are. Refs usually give the benefit of the doubt to the aggressor 
You just described every Nets game of the past two seasons
We're looking like the 15' Knicks when they were circlejerking about Jose Calderons defense, and thought replacing him with Tony fucking Wroten would get them into the playoffs. 


How about we wait for half a season before jumping to conclusions...
:(
Suns would want at least Caris LeVert to consider Bledsoe to the nets
It never was..the Cav's have been playing horribly.
11 ppg at 37% from the field for almost $20 million? They should have given that money to Noel. Nets have the worse front court in the league. Noel's impact would make a drastic difference.
G-League assignment is the worst injury of all
I'm sorry 
This is frightening 
I make bad decisions 
Kilpatrick is NOT a better PG than LeVert. 
My bad, I thought if a player was on a two-way contract another team could sign him to a roster spot. Just read up on two-way contracts you can't my bad all!
His talent is being wasted in Toronto right now :(
https://stats.nba.com/player/1626156/boxscores-advanced/

I was talking from an analytic perspective.. before this game he'd been awful on defense which would take away any offensive benefit. But I can see how it may not look like that because if the # of shots.
You would think this team has been choking in the Finals he way fans are calling for the Coach or GM's head after every game. 
> should of 

 Did you mean should've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
The moment you knew he was never coming back. :-(
34 points dropped on us, that was done with a vengeance. I don't think he will come back and be a nets again. :( However, I hope that I'm in the wrong and he come back next year and resign with the nets. 
I guess no one was thinking this was a Mozgov homecoming game. 
That's what we need in this sub right now because people forget things could be waayy worst
Jesus fucking Christ, Kenny can never please you guys can he? First, you ask him to play DLo/other players over 30 minutes. DLo played 35mins this game and RHJ played 37. We had 3 injured big men, so Zeller HAD to play. Sorry Kenny doesn't assume both his backup point guard will pick up 4 fouls in 7 minutes. Fuck off.
Did you not watch Zeller and Mozgov constantly not run out to guard Brook from 3? Shit was infuriating. Rondae at least forced him to make somewhat harder shots rather than being wide open. 
I still think the trade was the right move, DLo had an off night but I'm not worried. The real problem is that we just suck ass and Kenny is a terrible in game coach. 
We suck? I, for one, am absolutely shocked!
I would be fine just letting Mozgov in, this small ball crap is awful. In the end, we just chuck triples.
And those 4 possessions where we chucked 4 bullshit 3s in a row cost us the game. I can't believe Spencer of all people took 2 of those...
4 is just crazy. Why is he not playing at all? Levert is playing like a D League guy and SKil can't get in the game at all? I get we want to develop LeVert, but we're just giving him the rope to hang himself at this point.
The Nets need to limit LEvert’s minutes and role. Hated his play from game 1 of the season.

Get your confidence back in practice first!
Yeah, leaving RHJ on Lopez was completely dumb.

Kenny needs to watch tape... on other coaches.
Skil sucks. LeVert is playing like shit but at least he isn't a black hole who chucks long 2s all game
who do we have to put out there? zeller? he looked awful out there, moz can't play more than 1/3 of the game and our other backups are injured. 
One bad game? 
He's slow and doesn't compete. Not a lick of defense. He can score, but only when the other team doesn't give a shit. Hey I hope I'm wrong. 
At least our team would never take an injured guy still recovering and doing rehab and do something stupid like play him back to backs in the preseason.  


This was meant for a different post actually my bad 
Fuck..
dinwiddie wtf lmfaoo what a shot
Kenny is a terrible coach, there I said it
stop chucking 3s u fucking idiots
Zeller isn't so bad. Don't understand why people thought he is some scrub. Crabbe has honestly been disappointing this year. He needs to make his shots 38% a game and he needs to find 2s as well.
We are fucking trash on defense.
Brook :(
So fucking pumped for this one
Christ LeVert wtf happened
we are a bad team, remember that fellas
DeMarre has looked so bad today on both offense & defense. 
OMFG LEVERT, STOP BRICKING RANDOM SHOTS
Damn.... LeVert just shooting so bad. Not even out of control today but complete non factor when it comes to shooting
What’s the offense Nets are running? Throw up the first bad shot you can find?
So we have definitely been playing like the worst team in the league the last few games. Even when we are given the opportunities to get back into games, we turn it over or take terrible shots. It's so frustrating. It's like we all know exactly when we're going to turn it over. 
We are just chucking 3s I’m not sure what we are working towards here
NEVER TAKE A FUCKING 3 AGAIN, JUST DRIVE THAT SHIT
Put a REAL CENTER IN!!
Fucking LeVert...
We need to slow the fuck down on offense.
How's the team looking? Unable to watch unfortunately 
Dinwiddie just racking up fouls every five seconds like wtf
Damn, we got real bad real fast .
HOW THE FUCK CAN A PLAYER BE SO FUCKING RETARDED, STOP CHUCKING, YOU ARE A SUB 30% 3 POINT SHOOTER. 
wtf are they doing
Wtf is going on rn???
Weren't they limiting timeouts? We've had like 50 timeouts this half. Fucking piece of shit game
I feel like today's game is on coaching. Kenny has made some questionable in-game decisions and rotations today. 
Carrol is proving to be fucking clutch this season.
Fast paced offense aka taking retarded pullups and drive to the rim like headless chickens
Fuck you brook don’t ever fucking throw shade at Marks
I want that fucking trade back
The YES stream went out. Watching the Lakers announcers sucks. 
:(
I think being terrible for 3 straight years takes its toll.
No, he's just being straight up bad tonight, nothing about luck, he's been playing bad, and he deserves to get flack for it.


delsuional bandwagon fucktards downvoting
The worst in the NBA
We are playing worse than we are. That's the coach's fault.
Don't forget this my man, any roast in game threads is validated. 
Nah man. Kenny loves LeVert for some reason. He can shoot like garbage and turn the ball over game after game and still get those opportunities. 
Seriously. At one point Levert was guarding Brook. His rotation sucks
'tis why I don't look in these game threads. Toxic as fuck
Once again terrible rotations. Brook is feasting and he is go to move is to put RHJ on him. Can't believe this!
He is passing the ball. Stop trying to paint a false narrative.
I like him, a lot - but I think he makes us worse. At least for now. But we have time to change that.
Yea at least zeller can finish at the rim
JC been earning the contact. Nets can chuck anything and get a call on contact they create. Also that oob was blatantly off 3 nets and not kuz.
Yes, and we'll probably have a worse one this year
That pass to Harris was terrible, are you on crack?
He whizzed a cross court pass into the stands. That wasn't a set play. It was just a terrible pass.
Got a feeling this might be a blow up game from LeVert
what if there was actually a secret agreement?
This game is a personal one for our boy, D'Lo. Let's hope everyone brings their A game tonight.
Hell No Thank You. 

There is a reason SVG has been trying to trade Reggie for the past two years. 
I agree. It’s a terrible long term strategy. 
Attitude or not efficient 20-5-5 doesn't grow on trees. You hope the maturity comes with age. Or at least hope he doesn't kill on court chemistry with his play style. But I think he'll figure it out. 

RHJ looked just as bad as LeVert at times last year. A lot of what you state sounds like it could have been RHJ of previous years. I think we have to be patient, it's growing pains. 
It's reddit. You ask the impossible. 
Y'all could start Dinwiddie and stagger the rotations to keep either Russ or Spencer in the game at all times. 
Just looking at him out on the court Caris looks solid, but 36% from the field is really really bad.
You mean wolverine?
i want that 8th seed so badly
i'm not a new fan but as head coach, Kenny needs to let GOATWiddie take over the game just like he did when he helped beat the Cavs
Statistics are a tool, not a mandate, and they are often woefully misinterpreted. Any idiot could see Kenny fucked this up, you don't need some ridiculous analytics bullshit like VORP to show that.
Was anyone on either team looking to pass in this game? Guys were just getting the ball and going on coast to coast's by themselves. [This sequence](https://twitter.com/LamarMatic/status/925724299155197952) was a bit ridiculous. 
It's sad how much hate hes getting for this game. DLo is the only reason you guys didn't get completely blown out. That +/- is deceptive, when he came in they focused on him because no one was hitting those wide open shots he was giving them, and they lasered him on D to keep him tired, yet he still dropped an efficient 30.After seeing how the Lakers treat Lonzo I'm starting to believe you guys don't deserve DLo. He balled the fuck out in a shitty situation.
All the other young franchise players are playing 35+ minutes a game while DLo is sitting at 28. So frustrating
After tonight he will be averaging 22, at least 25 IMO.
Seriously Kenny, where are the adjustments?
are we phantom tanking? we need to let Dinwiddie take over the game
Oh, Nets... :(
There must be something wrong with his arc or something. Every shot he takes is a brick.
D'Angelo Russell had 29 points when Kenny decided to take him out for 10 minutes. Could've ended up with 40 and the W tonight. These rotations are dumb. This is DLo's team. He can't lead it if he doesn't get the minutes
He is amazing at player development, no doubt. Dinwiddie and RHJ have both made huge jumps. But he is not a good head coach. He seems to have a terrible feel for the game, switching key people out when we're on a run (killing it) and then sticking with bad lineups that get us killed.
Not entirely Atkinson's fault...the defense, effort, and late game decisions have been disastrous. The team is young, it comes with the territory. 
I will repeat from the game thread. His rotations suck. It's like a DJ who won't change his setlist despite the fact that the crowd is not enjoying it

No, I have been watching Atkinson for 2 years and he is a clueless coach. He makes the worst decisions I have ever seen.
We played small ball when we were up by 8. Small ball is for offense not defense. Every moron knows that. They got every fuckin rebound during their last run.
No it doesn't, Suns is a young team too playing away from home. Atkinson is arguably the worst headcoach in NBA. Should stick to player development.
As an outsider you know nothing about this team so your opinion is wrong
Except D'Lo has only played 30 minutes twice this season, and tonight he played 29. This has nothing to with his knee, it has to do with Atkinson having awful in-game rotations.
When you are up by 8 late in the 4th you need defense and rebounds
Okey bye. Nets is the worst team in NBA thanks to the worst coach in NBA.
I am not a troll, I am angry at what I am seeing. Shit coaching game after game.
You guys should start Dinwiddie with Russell and just stagger there minutes so that one of them is always in the game. 
i'll never ever watch a live nets game in my life its 3am i have things to do in the morning fuck this shitty team fuck these nervous breakdowns i should be sleeping
shit, wtf happen there between Kenny and D'Lo?
why is he taking the 10-15 29 point guy off the game, are you kidding me
Soon as Spencer sat they go off. Fuck!!!
I like Kenny system, but he can't just do the same shit every fucking game. Basketball is a game of adjustment. Man.... 
trying to be the spurs and putting players like D'Lo on restricted minutes is such a dumb fucking idea. we NEED to get these guys playing 35-36 minutes if they want to flourish and get in a season long rhythm
GET THAT WEAK SHIT OUT OF HERE RONDAE
why is dins coming off the fucking bench, this is our guy
FUCK MY FUCKING LIFE WE HAVE A GUY WITH 29 POINTS THAT JUST PLAYED 22 FUCKING MINUTES ARE YOU NUTS
THATS WHAT IM FUCKING TALKING ABOUT 

LETS FUCKING GO
Remember the Boston game when Lin was sitting at the scorers table waiting to check in forever while the Celts went on a run and KA refused to call a TO?

...yeah.
Holy god does this team play awful P&R defense
I believe this is the 3rd fucking time we did this before the half. This is some stupid shit
I hate everything
Why doesn't crabbe play? why doesn't he shoot? Why did Marks/Atkinson even hire him if he isn't gonna get him shots.. it's frustrating
fuck this game 
We have a game
fuck me...
where the fuck are the calls holy shit nets just getting hammered.
4th quarter full retard as usual. 
Dlo wtf are u doing
how tf is booker so bad????
Dlo with the worst shot selection late in a game that I've ever seen. Hero ball.
Fuck this stupid team
Fuck Kenny.
its always these random guys lighting us up
Headin straight toward worst defense rating
We are losing this one folks. This team is done for till late november.
What's wrong with our shooting? And no movement at all.....
Damn are we really down to this bum ass team? Damn I hate to say it, but this might be worse than expected. The offense looks stagnant. What happened to the ball movement and fast breaks in preseason? Losing Lin was bigger than expected. I don’t have the heart for another terrible season. 

I don’t know if Crabbe is feeling pressure to perform more with that contract but he’s not looking like the player we thought we were getting. 
give russell a fuckin call, refs. come the fuck on
YEAHHHHHHH Crabbe finally make 1 fucking basket!!
THAT IS WHY WE DEAL WITH THE REST OF LEVERTS GAME
"Forcing a very difficult... and ugly shot"
????? Refs.. This is sad
How the fuck are we going to lose this fucking game?
Brutal finish- need some poise to finish these games. 
DLo needs some serious tough love. When he does this dumb shit he needs to be pulled asap. We lost this game because Kenny made a switch and pulled out Dinwiddie and Harris, and let DLo blow the game.
Kenny is soo fucking trash.
why is he taking the 10-15 29 point guy off the game, are you kidding me
why is he taking the 10-15 29 point guy off the game, are you kidding me
TJ Warren looks retarded
that last shot by d'lo is pound for pound the worst shot I seen in my life AND I work AT msg....
i mean, his rotations are garbage
It's like a DJ who won't change his setlist despite the fact that the crowd is not enjoying it
ain't so bad this time homie, let's see what happens in 3rd tho
come the fuck on, don't scapegoat the kid, it's getting pathetic
they were calling them all game, typical refereeing to swallow the whistle down the stretch
Screen him and he's out on the play, it's pathetic
So bad. Atkinson needs to rein him in.
we might be a bum ass team again too :(
that was an offensive foul the refs just gave to booker. fuck
Because we fucking suck, I ain't watching shit for a month if we lose this one, they don't deserve the fans attention.
How can he have an assist when the others are shooting so poorly? 
Watch the game. Dude moves the ball and at times is too unselfish. 
dont turn it back on, ur bad luck ;p
The worst in the league
If you notice his feet are not always pointing to the rim when he shoots. He's going settle into his form from the base up and not force out of wack jumpers 
that dude is a terrible defender
bleh. Can we get Dinwiddie to play point 30 minutes a game and DLo to play SG for half his minutes?
Levert has been a big disappointment for me, but I think FO has faith in him. If he continues to perform like this, Sean and Harris should get his minutes. 

Let's hope they will try Sean as a backup PG for a game or two and start Dinwiddie. I mean, what's the worst thing that can happen? We will lose? This is the time to experiment a little bit. 
What's up with all our guys getting injured early on in the season? :(
This really sucks. I'm pissed.
Starters for tonight's game vs. Phoenix: Russell, LeVert, Carroll, Hollis-Jefferson and Mozgov. Acy, Lin, Whitehead & Ouattara are inactive.
I hope Dlo step the fuck up or I have no problem Kenny bench him for the whole game
The easiest game for me would be the one on 2/10 since it's on a Saturday
Who wants to pay to watch this crap?
Why is the Chicago game the same price as the Washington game? 
fuck the 12/12 game. This idea had potential but you guys voted for the wackest option.
I've seen comments on nets instagram/fb posts but those people can usually be written off as dumbass trolls. They're probably the same people praising them after the cavs game.
That's reactionary as fuck Jesus when will fans learn
As a rule, 99% of people on social media are just incredibly stupid.
You can have all of them for because they are all on bad contracts. You just need cap space to take on those contracts. 
Hopefully we can prove that. We have played like a joke last two games not good. We can't expect too much but I want us to just not get into those terrible losing streaks like the last 3 years.
Last year he had a 56% TS%, why were you screaming "No!"? That is not great, but it isn't bad. 
He can't be worse than Caris at this point
11 assist and was the only one creating during that dreadful game. 
:(
His defensive effort is the reason why Kenny got mad.
 I wish I could agree with you and I’ll agree that the trade hasn’t been as brutal as it looks on paper. But it’s still bad. Way too early to call Fultz a bust and Brown has higher upside than levert.  They did turn one pick into two with Jayson Tatum and a pick next year.

So yeah hasn’t been terribly bad...unfortunately still one more payment to be made.  
I mean we coulda got dame and Draymond but yeah let’s look forward as Marks is killing it and we are gonna prove those nets haters wrong
I agree with you - my larger point was that what the Celtics do with the picks is irrelevant to the Nets. The reason the trade sucked was the opportunity the Nets lost to replenish and improve their team.
Dlo is terrible tonight
How do you step out of bounds like 10 times a game?
wtf is wrong with you dlo
fuck basketball
needed that foul shot rebound so bad.. :( dlo y u miss
The Jets lost so maybe this game will cheer me up. 
fuck our freethrows man
What the fuck are these calls
Atkinson's timeout game is fucking trash.
This is ridiculous :(
Man just fuck all this. 
6-31 in this 3rd quarter so far :(((
how retarded can you get in one quarter
at least our bench is playing well
Dammit Russell shooting like ass today isn't going to help :(

Hate to say it but I think we lost this one. It's a little bit too late. Hope I'm dead wrong.
Piss poor game. 
Where's the post game thread
Russell lost us this game
LeVert is the worst player on the roster that gets minutes 
I rather Whitehead and his tough defense on the court than a obviously struggling Russell at this point coach. Make the fucking sub
BOMB THOSE FUCKING THREES
Yay, a fucking bum is lighting us up
fuck emanuel mudiay
How does this crap always happen to us?
WTF is this garbage Im watching. SMH

Levert shooting 3-10 
Welp, it's game
How can this team go from playing well to utterly falling apart so quickly? This is just awful
Losing at home to this team, after that Knick game, is a very, very, very bad sign.
wtf, we gave up?
Still no defensive improvements and Kenny fucking cycles D'Lo and LeVert in and out when they're both losing us on both ends of the floor.
You wrong bucko
Yeah I dont like his game at all. Thinks he is Draymond. 
Who knows? He's been really fucking disappointing so far 
i mean seriously, he could take crabbes minutes :S hope crabbe gets his stride too though
Because we always have to shit on by terrible basketball players. Mudiay, Rashad Vaughn and Wayne Ellington. Just a few that come to mind instantly.
Same. It was pathetic
That was hardly the problem this game.
I know i want crabbe to shoot like 15 a game 
Like Freal wtf? He plays bad for 6-7 small games and then we want to trade him that fast?
Yet we let Levert play point for so long during the Knicks game.
Why does he need to start, he still plays 30mins a game
He can hit threes.

 He's an above average post scorer

 He is not good at PnR defense, Don't think anyone said he was. 

 Doesn't rebound, prioritizes boxing out, we established this. 

 fuck off
Ha. Well this is the worst offensively he has ever played. But it will get back to normal. On defensive rebounds he lets his PF get them. Nance will have career year rebounding. Randal would dominate if he got to play with Brook. 
But the pick and roll defense will never be there. Bad pnr defense was always part of the deal. And trust me, we are getting our share there with Mozgov. 
Im a little tired of seeing these posts on the front page 
Gotta pray for another 140 game against em
I say let those bigs go off for 70 or 80 points, while the nets shut out the rest of the team.  
  
By the time the middle of the 4th comes along, those bigs will be so gassed that they'll commit stupid foul after stupid foul, and foul out. Then, the nets will have the run of the place since the other team is ice cold from never having had to shoot the entire night.
...That doesn't mean we aren't going to get exposed by them...
sorry man buts its been claimed
Zeller is a god damn terrible rebounder. There's a reason Brad Stevens called him and Olynyk the softest 7 footers in the league.
its awful. It's like he's tumbling forward out of control with no chance of changing direction or pulling up on balance for a jumper. 
Are you saying Brook Lopez is... useless?? (gasp)
Allowing 2nd chance points, outplayed and undersized in the paint, and stupid turnovers cost them the game, also the offense just couldn't get anything going.
can someone explain how dud it go from 40 42 b4 halftime 

to us  down by 30?

I work at msg, but can't watch at times. wtf boys
Missed the game. WTF happened? And how did Crabbe have only 2 FG attempts?
Players need to know that refs will never be on our side, and don't let it effect how we play. But seriously, Kenny should consider pay some $ to the league. That's three games in a row. 
Im assuming he had a minutes restriction. He was questionable for the night.
I'm going to say something that a lot of people won't like because I'm about to criticize DLO. He had a bad game. Yes he put the ball in the net but one player putting the ball in the net won't do shit. We needed someone to move the ball and get everybody involved. he just wasn't that guy tonight.
Young team with a lot of moving parts and variance. Also zinger is just a bad matchup for our team.
Mozgov was in all the wrong places sometimes. He didn't protect the rim well and they got all the offensive rebounds as well.
Same. I hate it when we lose to the Knicks :(
He was passing the ball, but nobody did anything with it. I remember him getting frustrated with it and then he started taking shots and making them. 
I'm sorry you had to be there for that.

Fuck this night.
T BOOK WITH THE HOOK (I have to say this at least once per game thread). 
FUCK STOP BEING SO HORRIBLE, IT'S THE FUCKING KNICKS, DON'T DESTROY MY FRIDAY NIGHT
Honestly not that bad considering how disastrous of a quarter that was. D’lo needs to start looking for his shot more. 
Only D'Lo is showing some urgency out there. And they are letting Kanter rebound again and again. Sloppy.
I knew it, before the game. TRAP FUCKING GAME. SO FUCKING OBVIOUS
The one Nets game I go to and we get blown out by the Knicks...... fml fam
fucking rebound
We need Dlo :c
So. Fucking. Sloppy. 
I mean.... at least it can't get any worse? 
Ugly half. KA's got some work to do at halftime.
uhhhh, what the fuck are we doing
Sloppy sloppy sloppy 
Terrible quarter. 
The fact we are playing sloppy asf, this has TRAP GAME written all over it.
Playing terrible. And we're only down by 5
that might’ve been the worst first half of the season
This game is painful to watch
damn this is ugly, we look like a completely different team
5 bad games to start the season for LeVert. Sad to see
What are the Knicks fans booing? Fuck their mothers
Looks like another 4th quarter game.
Damn this is some ugly first half play. 

How are they calling BS foul on Acy but Allen got his wrist flagrantly fouled and nothing
Reaaaaaaaally sloppy basketball, jfc.
Can't watch the game but down by 5. Whyyy???
Just tuned in...

Wtf guys
Fuck it just bring Allen and Caris in.
Levert needs to G-League the fuck off
I'm disappointed in Kenny. No discipline whatsever.
FUCK KNICKS
With Levert playing this bad, you might as well play Whitehead 
We're actually losing to the most pathetic, dysfunctional team in the NBA. The team with the absolutely worst, garbage piece of shit fans. They are scum.
You can criticize Allens hands, but these refs are cocksuckers and retarded
I wouldn't care if we lost like this to any other team.

Not the Knicks. Just fucking show up vs the Knicks, please. Cant stand to watch us lose to them.
We're trying to get back, not lose by 40, they need to know when they play badly, that's the only way they'll stop their bad habits.
You may have meant r/nba instead of R/nba.
 
 ---------------------------------------
 
 Remember, *OP may have ninja-edited.* I correct subreddit and user links with a capital R or U, which are usually unusable. 
 
 **-Srikar**
Yes, but fuck the Nets aswell for losing to these sorry ass motherfuckers
Too bad he's inactive. Kilpatrick time?
Questionable
Asking the tough questions...
I wouldn't mind that deal tbh. If he doesn't work out then at least he wouldn't have cost a lot. Plus, we could use some depth at c/pf.
I thought sitting him out for the Cavs game was precautionary? 
Could still be precautionary. Just because he sat two nights ago doesn't mean he's 100% today. 
I agree, I'd rather Dlo play now and get started working through the minutes restriction.  
This has let down game written all over it. All hands on deck. What's Lin doing? Someone wheelchair his ass over to the sideline 
Dude's already 27 and is a terrible 3 point shooter. 
27 is just entering your prime and he shoots 34% from 3, how is that bad for a big?
> solid on D


You do know that we're talking about one of the worst defenders in the NBA?
12,5 mln. is not exactly cheap. He's not effective scorer either, under 41% for PF.
Pass, bad attitude and you don't want to mess with the locker room with a dude who got a teammate so pissed off he ended sucker punching him  
  
Also Paxson/Foreman are pains to deal with
I hate that guy. Just chucks up bricks all game and has a terrible attitude and plays no defense
His defense IS atrocious though... that's what everyone's trying to say!
He's also the minority owner, uncapable if making decisions about the team, for at least 4 years 
Seems to be not the worst option?
I dumped the Phoenix game tickets to the market place a few days ago. I had no idea you could do it as late as 24 hours, though. The information website says you have to do it at least a week in advance. I guess that's wrong?
Damn. And that credit I think expires at the end of the season I think. At least that’s what I was told. Seems like a no brainer
Oh look, another subtle Lin-hating post by our resident troll Lin-hater. Humor me, why isn't Lin in your lineup? 
When are you Lin fans going away? 

This post has nothing to do with Lin. It's about Bradley and Lopez. Lin is never playing for this team again and I would be surprised if he even plays in the NBA again. His knee just exploded. 

Go away you fucking troll. 
You are all fucking evil, please fuck off.
Video linked by /u/x36Chambers:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[Spencer Dinwiddie Highlights &#124; 22 Points &#124; vs. Cleveland Cavaliers &#124; 10.25.2017](https://youtube.com/watch?v=M5DmmHr-ta4)|The Render|2017-10-26|0:01:20|12+ (100%)|1,645

> Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/TheRenderNBA

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/x36Chambers ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=doxyvsb\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
I was listening to SAS and he was ripping john wall. Then he's like who's in the east this year. He said "Brooklyn they stink, don't come at me talking about you beat the cavs, y'all still stink ... even though i like Atkinson as the coach, and they play real hard and they going places..."

It's like they're just told they can't give us props, or if they do, it needs to be a backhanded compliment 
hell yea, I was sick of seeing so many highlights of LeBron's one dunk on Instagram instead of Dinwiddie's clutch 3s or RHJ's swat. 

Check out today's episode of The Starter's though. They say that the Nets beating the Cavs wasn't as shocking as the Lakers beating the Wizards. Although there's some talk of the Cavs making bad teams looks good in the regular season, they also say that the Nets aren't a bad team (it's something)

At least we get some respect out there
Mavs and Knicks are at the bottom of each conference but somehow we're the worst team in the league..... 
[MRW Dlo is listed as doubtful AGAIN](https://imgur.com/a/Pwfpg)
Hope to see you guys in the playoffs! Fuck the haters that counted our teams out before the season even started.
What was the trade they proposed? Yeah he can be careless with the ball but that should improve. He’s gonna get big minutes now. 
You're not alone but I would be against it. Maybe it has changed since I have watched him, but he is so lazy on D that there is almost no point to his offensive production. 
Everyone was giving them shit for not watching the WS, thought that was stupid. Let them do what they want 
I'd get a backup point guard, then.  This is all about optimizing DLo.  He's miscast and this forced year at PG won't help him.
should be fined...we were at this game and booed him off.
Miss DLO fuck Mozgov...he is the reason we sent you our son.
That dagger three took some serious balls

Did anyone catch the end of the game where he said he took it because he felt like D'Lo?
Doubt it, he'll probably emphasize how bad we are just to shit on LeBron
He'll probably say small sample size or some shit.
guilty as charged
late twenties*
The guys are actually helping each other up off the floor this year. 

I always got mad because they didn't do that a lot in years past.
CHANGE THE FUCKING SIDEBAR YO
Was that worse then the 12-70 season though?
I'll see you all at the parade. 
FUCK THE KING
SPENCER DINWIDDIE BIG TIME PLAYERS MAKE BIG FUCKING PLAYS OH FUCK YEAH
All I know is that Dinwiddie stepped the fuck up tonight
crazy

Lets have a couple drinks and chicken fingers for the boys !!!
There's a really sore spot in my heart that the Celtics don't get to eat shit with our 29th pick. Oh well fuck them Cavs.  When I was a wee lad my rivalry was with the cavs because we were always battling at the bottom of the East for worst place. For real fuck Brevon Knight!!!
> the Cavaliers are classless

I hope the Cavs miss the playoffs by exactly 1 game.

Fuck them walking off and acting like that.
^^^fuck ^^^the ^^^warriors
The way he acted today made me lose a lot of respect for him.

What the Fuck was that? I dont watch NBA games outside of Nets so it's not like I watch him play.

But that was fuckinag laughable. I see why people call him a Diva.
Oh please. LeBron hate is tiring when no one cares about wife beaters, PED users, drunk drivers, etc. 
So they're both bad? That doesnt disprove what I said.
i think they play it every game so we'll be seeing it a lot i guess
Didn't see a game thread so I made one.
Seems like we got Allen Crap tonight
#THAT'S GAME BOYS! BROOKLYN BALL AIN'T NOTHIN TO FUCK WITH!!!
THIS GAME WILL NOT END. 
I guess anyone would be making the case if Refs were wrong but at least we made Lebron look like a crybaby
Why do our players act like idiots during 4th quarter?
This sucks, we blew a 14 point lead in 3 minutes
These refs are fucking crooks.
Love gets all the fucking calls. He's dirty.
FUCK I just got here

Why's D'lo out?
We lead the Cavs despite our DREADFUL 3 point shooting. Makes me optimistic for the upcoming season.
wtf lebron travel!
Are you fucking serious Carroll
I just jumped off my couch holy fuck
#WE GO HARD GODDAMN!!!!
TREVOR FUCKING BOOKER
#KING FUCKING BOOKER
JAMES GETS AWAY WITH A BLATANT SHOVE YET WE GET CALLED ON THAT. CROOKED REFS HOLY FUCK.
BALL GAME
This is where the Nets need Russell. They don’t have a closer that’s up to take the big shot. Levert is trying but is shooting stupid shots.
Hoping Crabbe scores at least 30 tonight 
Nobody is moving, everyone is just standing there aside from Dinwiddie and Mozgov. Also Levert is a dreadful shooter, I can't take watching him spot up.
Is our Crabbe broken? :( Make them pls
Wtf is LeVert doing?
Fuck you Lebron >:(
man leverts jumper has looked really bad, really needs to work on that part of his game
our 3 pts are awful today, hope they pick up in the 2nd half on the game.
Afraid the cavs finally found out they can get wide open layups whenever they want : (
Wtf Kilpatrick Jarrett Allen was open in the interior but you kicked it out
Maintain the lead pleaaaaase :((((((
FUCK KORVER
Gotta give it to home in this situation.. Will be disappointed if not.

Plus he swatted it out of bounds 
FUCK YOUR SHOVE LEBITCH
COLD BLOODED MAN
THAT PICK BOUT TO BE WORTHLESS

2018 CHAMPS
WITH THE FUCKING NO CALL TOO
LETS FUCKING GOO BOOKER
Fuck me, I'll give credit where credit is due, Korver has ice in his veins.
damn, that's just unfortunate
The fuck happened?? stream died :/ 
Fuck yeah
Carroll is so useless
I mean I don't want him to lose confidence but holy shit man hit one please
Because we fucking suck
U mad bro?
i want like 10 min from zeller a game
yeh boi, swatted the ball, didn't like challenge with contact but it was still sick
All I can say is... at least he got Rondae for us
They mad. 
This is literally the worst seat in Barclays. Not bad at all...
Damn. Sucks, but might as well save him for the Knicks game. 
Wtf man! 
//We’re trying something new today, watching bad basketball 

What idiot wrote this shit?
Bad teams, lol
GTFO!

Stop reading there.
At least it's a game we probably would have lost regardless. Hopefully Isaiah and Skil get some minutes.
Oh shit...

Cyclone and 2kilpatrick in the building!
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck....going to the game tonight :(
Wanna take it a step further?

Kyrie Irving: 20 ppg, 4.3 rpg, 6 apg, 37%FG, 32% from 3. 36 minutes per game.

D’angelo Russell:  23ppg, 4.5rpg, 5.5apg, 46%FG, 39% from 3. 28 minutes per game.
Not sure why you'd throw trash in the trash tho
Laker fan here, that was a weird thing Luke did too... was like pulling teeth trying to get him to play DLO 30+ mins a game 
Not a bad sign at all. DLO drops almost thirty. Crabbe just had a bad game, we messed up on some turnovers, and we have no defense in the paint. 
Nets are gonna upset some teams this year. Yall play hard and finessed the lakers for Russell 
Im a tad late.

I love this team, I hated how DLo was shipped.

I have the Nets as my 8 seed so dont let me down.

Cant wait for Nets-Magic III. Thats gonna be a hell of a game.
D'Lo was terrible in the 4th quarter, and his turnover lost us that game. Let's hope he improves next time. Times like this make me miss Lin :(
i remember :(
He made one bad turnover and he blew the game?

Not the terrible pick & pop defense? Not Mr. 29% Gordon going 5/5 from behind the arc? Not Mr. 44% Crabbe going 1/6 from behind the arc, with multiple wide open looks? 
No, of course not. It was that one turnover by Russell that did us in.

Yes. It did come at a terrible time, and I miss Lin too, but this is ridiculous.
All of those things were bad, but D'Lo's turnover directly lost us the game. It ruined any chance of a comeback. 
did you watch the game? or no? players blew like atleast 7 assist from him. are you trolling? tf? he cant control people blowind dunks and dropping passes and missing open 3’s. please watch a rerun of the game. 
We Get Discount
We Go to Game

Das It!
FUCK YA
Fuck yeah
Fuck yes
Fuck yeah
Hell yeah. I'm game 
Uhh, fuck yes
Been dying to go to a nets game this season. Let’s goooooo
Late to the party, but yes, 100%. 
if dlo don't play at least 35/38 minutes today I will be mad.
Everytime levert dribbles i worry we waste away a possession. The dudes not good at decision making
WHAT IS THIS GAME

WHAT IS DEMARRE CARROLL

WHAT IS D'ANGELO RUSSEL

WHAT IS THIS TEAM
I hate our rotations, that's all.
Holy fuck Gordon got up
That was scary. (Russell) Whew.
Well...love the grit down the stretch at least :(
Ugly ass Aaron Judge wannabe
I swear to God Kenny has this bad habit of sticking to his rotation regardless of the situation of the game. Such stubbornness. 
While i’m screaming yeah at my tv I feel so lame because of Orlando’s crowd. Makes the whole game anti climactic 
brooklyn doing this rookie so dirty.  ahaha
DLO.. go on with your bad self!
how is D'lo playing this game? 
What the fuck are these refs doing
That's a nasty first step from AG. Jeez.
Russell on fire, Levert cold.  Need to get some defensive stops now.
wtf d'lo
Refs sucking mad dick
Kenny is some sort of mad genius at the inbound plays.
Wanna know something?

I dont like it when Crabbe just stands there when he knows he's not getting the ball. At least act like its coming to ya.
Imagine once JA gets his finishing down, oh those posters!!!!!
I want Atlanta Carroll, not Toronto Carroll :(
Did we do something to these refs?

Jesus they hate us.
Dude cmon wtf
Can't you draw a play with at least a screen for the shot? wtf
What a sad ending 
This orlando feed is terrible, just fyi. Dumbest state, by a mile.
I just turned the game on. Somebody give me a small summary of who's been good/bad!
Bad idea to pass it off to Allen in crunch time.. 
Fuck me...
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
God fucking damn it
FUCK ME> HARDER
DEMARRE HOLY FUCK
im sweating fuck
AND STOP FUCKING CHOKING CRABBE, WTF?
Can't buy a bucket at the end of the game. Too bad.
He hasn't been getting a lot of stupid transition TO's and he's been shooting well. Ya i'd say it's really getting there
would have been different with lin :(
bad bot
Sorry, I was just trying to help (◕‸ ◕✿)
I like those a lot but they’re too expensive 
We going all the fucking way famo.


Kyrie/Manu hybrid as weird as that sounds. 
Jordan. Or, at least, Lebron. 
I've watched him a lot the past two seasons and look forward to continue following him on the Nets, and Manu or a poor man's Harden would be my picks.
I mean if you want to get in on the ground level of a team, I would say Brooklyn, Orlando, Atlanta, Phoenix or Indy. Dont be a Bulls or Knicks fan because its a major cock tease. They have terrible owners and their franchises will never be properly run until their respective owners sell. 

If you picked a team while they're trash, and stick with them, you'll be a fan for life. If you picked a team like Houston or Golden State, you'll only be a fan until they're bad. Then you'll get bored because winnings all you know. You'll be looking for a new team at least once every 10 years. Just something to keep in mind when picking a team. 
Is it bad that this trade honestly ticked me off as to how awful it is? Because that trade is actually insulting to my intelligence.
Yeah this is terrible, but I don't think this post is necessary, we aren't dicks.
All of reddit is unnecessary. I don't think this is dickish, that proposal is ludicrous.
I just wanted to make sure I wasn't crazy and was the only one who thought it was awful
Nah, even the Suns fans know that this trade is stupid.
Oh trust me, your not lol.
Gotta step up yo game /u/ChalupaTacoBatman 
:( I knew this was going to happen but I didn’t want it to be reality. Spin on friends 
Not my spinny boi :'(

Hopefully he performs well enough to make a return. His game still needs a lot of polishing, but he was one of the few reasons I kept watching last year's team.
That's what I'm saying. Caris at least improved on something, Isaiah didn't.
Yanks motto from the late 90s dynasty.

Works for me cause I'm a fan of both teams
The game on Tuesday is an away game. Unless you want to wait until Friday and catch the game at MSG...
I think, yeah, the players like Carroll and Lin that are tight with KA, or KA had a big hand in bringing in, won't be that eagerly dealt. KA knows you need to mix some veterans with the youth movement.

Maybe Skil will be moved, Whitehead, I hope not Booker because of his grit, Acy perhaps. Of course, I could be reading this all wrong too.
Video linked by /u/HappyNewWar:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[When Your Girl Propose To You In Public by RDCworld1/SupremeDreams_1](https://youtube.com/watch?v=MRRhfxGMQX8)|Black hood|2017-10-23|0:00:16|566+ (99%)|5,670

> ALL RDCworld1/SupremeDreams_1 links   Youtube link;...

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/HappyNewWar ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dorieuq\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
you mean the same whiner from the suns who tweeted how unhappy he was? i thought he got a max deal so why is he whining? dont want him - he messes up the flow 
We'd be dumb to give up Caris
____ users Going Hard
Nothing wrong with being 6th man of the year!
I'm not sure it's Kenny missing something.  He could have thought it, but be apprehensive to bring it up.  Crabbe is getting paid a lot.  If it comes from the player, it makes it easier and egos aren't bruised.  Things like that can get latched on to by the media and get bent out of proportion, creating a rift on the team.
Did you just flip a coin?  There’s a brutal ten-game stretch in the middle but anything can happen. GS lost two games already. Cleveland got blown out by Orlando the day after they lost to us. So Catch a team on an off-night, injuries. Orlando’s starting PG is likely out for Tuesday’s game as well. That’s a big factor. I’d reverse at least four of those L’s you posted. 

Guilty.
we lazy mods
"Fuck Brooklyn"

And then what happened 
After what happened in the Pacers game? NEIN
Maybe it’s a generational thing but if he’s truly unhappy in Phoenix, that’s really lame to go to Twitter about it. That leaves a bad taste in my mouth. That’s bad for your teammates. Take it up with management and then go do your job. 
<------ # of threes Levert makes until the end of the game
CRABBE PLEASE FUCK MY BITCH
That ice celebration gave me a hard on
Guys I'm at the game and Allen is so money
I don't like this whole national anthem crap before games, but holy shit, she was horrible. The worst I've heard at a basketball game. 
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING MEEEEEEEEEEEEE
LeVert! Started off bad, but improved so much during the game
HOLY FUCK YES SHOWTIME NETS
Fuck me that's not good for Dennis
aw shoot that sucks man
5 points in 6 minutes, pathetic shit
atrocious shooting
Wouldn't blame Carroll too much on that one, a mistake but at least he tried. Worst thing of being a fan is seeing your players not caring.
Carroll making up for that stupid foul at the end of the second quarter!
Wtf LeVert doing?
fuck i feel bad for the kid
HOLY FUCKING SHIT STOP BEING SO BAD
FUCK THIS GAME IS SO WINNABLE AND WERE ACTING LIKE FUCKING BITCHES
No confidence at all, 2/8 shooting, looking like the indiana game for now
Booker and Allen? FUCK SMALL BALL 
Atlanta please fuck off
WTF. We are coasting and Atlanta is taking advantage
fuck bruh
My heartrate went up by 30 when they started cutting the lead
thats fuckin bad yo
Black Dynamite doesn't give a fuck
Has based Marks made a bad trade yet?
Yup he's a fucking Nets killer
Fuck Alonzo morning 
He wants to be Kyrie so bad
Ikr, I was at the game on Friday and was so disappointed when it ended cause it felt so fast.
There are two less official time outs per game. They took out one in the 2nd quarter and one in the 4th quarter. So that should knock five or six minutes off each game. 
They're making it really hard to keep it.
Fuck you're gonna make me miss the game.
He's been wicked disappointing so far :/ hopefully he starts to get it together as the season goes on. 
pls no im sorry forgive me master
F to the yeah!!! Brooklyn Nets are effing lit!!

Hoping D'lo will keep the same momentum like he was in his first game with the nets!
Levert, and anyone that says otherwise is being silly.
Levert is hopefully a franchise cornerstone. Carroll is just here until his contract runs out
Hard to argue with that logic
Mozgov is god-awful on defense. His "defense" consists of putting a single hand into the air no matter what's going on. He might be our worse player defensively.
It's a tough call to replace Mozgov.  You have to pay him, so you have to utilize him. It sends a bad message when overpaid players are brought in just to ride the bench.

If that was the case, I'd ask for Tyson Chandler + Miami's 2018 first rounder (via Phx) just so he can rot on the bench.
He scored so well that I got confused I guess.
Did anyone see that bogus article talking about candidates the Nets should sign and it included D Will? That’s just dumb. 
Yea, that's hysterical.  That the Nets are paying Deron Williams $5.5 million a year just to not play for them should be reason enough.
Definitely eat before the game, 1 below average size personal pizza is $15...shits mad expensive.
Weird game for DLO.

Made stupid nonchalant mistakes again like in his laker days, but also made a ton of clutch plays....   
I think KA was riding out the bench because they did well against Orlando's bench, however, it was a weird game for DLO.  

Man, but Crabbe was terrible tonight.  
I have no idea who the fuck Michael Rapaport is, but if that's another fan we stole from the Knicks, than I'm pumped
DLo took over the game for like a 2 minute stretch and won it for us. 


...I need a DLo jersey.
Absolutely. The past few years he's been frustrating on offense because his jump shot was broken and he would drive, but be too timid to finish. His shot looks better and he looked fearless when driving tonight.

And not to mention his defense which was insane tonight. He's disrupting passing lanes, stripping ball handlers, and coming out of nowhere to block shots.
Yeah man I wonder if that’s gonna be recurring themewhere we get lit up by quality big men. Crabbe was a little disappointing 
The fact that Atkinson got RHJ to develop a jumpshot makes me hard. 
Yep. Not sure how I you keep him off the floor if he basically just hits threes and cuts for layups. 
I wouldn't say DLO had a character issue. He gets a little arrogant sometimes, but he isn't a bad guy. If anything I think he was being silly and did something stupid, but didn't consciously make the decision to expose Nick. They were all playing practical jokes and he messed up.
holy shit Allen what a beast!
ALLEN WHAT IN THE FUCK BROOOO
blind refs?????
No more injuries pls.
SERIOUSLY NBA GODS, TAKE EVERY SINGLE SUB HERE HEALTH TO OUR PLAYERS PLS
Oh shit!

They had Isaiah Whitehead's name on the Cyclone for the intro!
That kids hair is fucking ridiculous 
Holy fuck that fall was not good.
COLD BLOODED
mad respects to vucevic, dude knows how to ball.
YES FUCK YES
Interchanging from this and the Yankees game is gonna kill me with anxiety.
Damn. Bad D. I thought Kenny was stressing defense 
Fucking traffic causing me to miss the game. How are we looking
Turnovers, bad defense, and Caris but our bench too the rescue.
Christ, that's one of the worst combovers I've ever seen 
Wow these ticky tacky fouls are starting to get really annoying
FUCK, THAT FALL
Just tuned into GSW-NO for a second. It's kinda weird to see Ryan calling the national game, even though he's done it numerous times before for ESPN.
Hate to be Debbie downer but I feel that game was too close considering they were missing two starters. I’m having doubts now about Mozgov at C. And I hope one of these young guys could fill in for Lin well. I think there’s already a drop off 
He's struggling bad in the beginning of games like he's too hype. Kenny needs to bring Skilpatrick in since Caris has 2 fouls
I think if we had Lin it'd look like our preseason leads :/ 10-20 points 
I think we should all appreciate non biased travel calls though.. Other things are questionable though
I remember hearing in at the start of the Philly game
I hope he doesn't say anything out of line or play him in a dirty way, but I also hope he takes it to him over and over. DLo with a chip on his shoulder is a scary thing. 
Patrick Beverly didn't play dirty. He did him dirty, as in he made him look terrible, but it was clean physical basketball.
Yes it is, and I'm very down for this.
i watched the game. no1 wanted to jack up shots so they kept passing to each other and it got stolen
Do you get as offended when people say Booker should come off he bench? Unfortunately, the rules of basketball only allow five starters 
Fuck the Celtics.
I'd call our offense a train wreck, but no one would slow down in traffic to watch us.
Lost Dog Cafe in Binghamton... holy crap, that brings the memories flooding back!
Dinwiddie must play with reserve unit to organize ball movement there. Unless you want both of them to play 30-35 min/game it's not going to work. And without PG our 2nd unit will be sad :(
The reason why our interior was so bad that game is because we went small for almost the entire game. We really needed moz or Allen to come in to help out down low when our perimeter defenders get beat 
Again, I think the Nets expected bad interior Defense.  The problem I had with last night was their bad perimeter defense.  Not closing out shots and giving too much space to shooters and slasher.  
Another year of his prime wasted smh.  I feel so bad for Lin.  
Fucking shoot me
Why the fuck do bad things gotta happen to us. JLin doesn't deserve this.
wow that is awful. I have dealt with this injury before and it hurts like hell, cant imagine rupturing it. Wish him a speedy recovery 
Man this fucking sucks whale asshole ily jeremy !!
Fuck this
Man I feel bad for Lin and the Nets :(
That's terrible. Huge loss on the year. 
My God. This really sucks for him.
Brutal... I'm really sorry for you guys. Hope he fully recovers.
Man, this is unfortunate. 


Get Well Soon, Lin. 


Man this is bad for someone who was had injuries last year, pray he has a speedy recovery.
This really fucking sucks. Did not expect it to be this bad. The basketball Gods want us to drink bleach early already don't they?
This effin sucks. But I mean. The reason we got DLo was cuz we knew Jeremy was mad of glass so. 
Awful.
Torn my patellar tendon junior year. It's definitely worst, affects the stability of your knee and also can be a hamper on athletic ability afterwards. It's a particularly bad injury for his playing style 
Have you ever looked at Lins career numbers? After his breakout in NY he never played less than 70 games per season until last year. This whole made of glass argument is nonsense. Just some terrible luck. 
You'll have to pry my KMart jersey out of my cold, dead hands bruh
Wtf 
Your first 2 line is an excuse so you can pretend you aren't a fucking heartless prick SO you can vomit over everyone else who feels bad for Jeremy. Why do you even bother? 
Yup, I still absolutely hate Boston. 
Sad to say but, Hayward is better than Lin :(
So edgy and enlightened man
You're the worst type of person when things like this happen to people.
Who the fuck do we even have to trade
I’d give it more than one game before we start considering a trade for a big...bigger priority is figure out what we can do without Lin :(
I hope it's nothing seriously like a torn ACL or MCL, that would probably mean he will be out for the rest of the season...
I feel you bro. 

Crabbe. 

LeVert 6 man. 

Yes, if DLo steps up. 

You bet your ass it sucks. 
I mean yeah we could talk about what happens to the team but the direct play itself :( 
I thought RHJ and DLO played well (RHJ has probably been the best player in preseason as well).   

Defense is terrible.  All their guards penetrating everytime and even though Mozgov is one of the worst contracts in the NBA, its up to the guards as well as the interior defender to defend, unless you want them to be like Portland where their backcourt suckass in defense as well.  

Besides screening, I dont see any purpose for Mozgov in the offense.  Initially, I thought Allen should come up slowly, however, watching the Nets get killed defensively inside makes you wonder what do they have to lose playing him (besides injuries).  


[I'm truly sorry](https://imgur.com/vULMQ6O).

This fucking sucks all around. 
His pick and roll defense was fucking horrendous
Fuck I miss this guy 
He looks an elite fucking prospect. What a robbery. His in between game and floater game seems to compensate for his weak leaping ability. I really liked his demeanor this game too. You could see he was trying to lead the team, encourage teammates move the ball etc.
Couple of the vets making poor decisions down the stretch. We're too reliant on our system, we need to slow the game down at the end of games and let D'Lo have the ball in his hands. Pop does it with Kawhi and still creates several options on the floor for him, Kenny's gotta do the same
I was confused on why the highlights ended with 2 minutes left in the 4th in a close game. That’s where Russell shines.
His reaction was heartbreaking.. so sorry guys.
Fuck injuries like seriously
im so sorry for you guys and lin  , i had u guys on the 8 seed  -.- 

I hate this so much.
"Tremendous Concern" ugh God please no. Please please please give us a miracle. My heart hurts :(
Honestly, just stop signing players. We're bad fucking luck
Woj just tweeted, Lin's injury is a patellar tendon rupture. He's out for the season though sadly
Holy fuck that is the face of someone who knows they really fucked their knee up. So goddamn sad man, I want to cry for this dude
Holy fuck that's gut-wrenching
He knows something bad happened. Fuck man.  It’s never good when you have to be assisted off the court. 
noooo :( didn't see this angle from the pacers broadcast but it looks bad...
Hoping for nothing serious. He need this season. Hope that reaction just because he's injured last year. So just frustration, not because the injury was so bad.
That's a torn ACL. 100%. Fuck this sucks
Dude what the fuck no way
Yo.. prayers from r/MkeBucks .... been a JLin fan since Harvard. Hope it's nothing too serious. 
This is heartbreaking, fuck injuries
Athletes know. What a bummer, terrible way to start the season
My heart hurts so much. JLin worked so hard in the offseason and this happens :(
Jesus Christ, poor kid. It’s heartbreaking to see. I’m a C’s fan, so if you want to start a petition to turn injuries off for the rest of the year, I’ll sign it.
Lakers fan here.  

I feel so bad for Jeremy, he is such a great dude.  This is just horrible and a terrifying video to watch.....

He knew right away and looked terrified......

man....too many stupid injuries in season already.
His reaction is heartbreaking. I'm so sorry guys. Injuries are the worst :(
lakers fan here... so sorry to see that. fingers crossed for Jeremy! hope it's not as serious as we all think. 
Ffs why do injuries like this happen :( 
I would wait for a doctor's diagnosis before judging his initial reaction after a bad fall
Does he mean I’m done for the game tonight or I’m done as a player? 

I thought he meant done as a player 
You can feel a tear. He know what's up it seems, sadly
Let's all hope for a speedy recovery by Lin. Hopefully it wasn't as bad as his reaction showed. 
They should've fed Russell the ball every possession with 1:30 left to go. There were some really dumb mistakes that could have been prevented if they let him go to work. That shot when Demarre Carrol tried to drive and get the foul call could've been really bad. 
Not this shit again.. History repeats itself and I'm so sad and disappointed :(
Damn. My flight just landed and I missed the game, this is the worst possible outcome. 
Didn't get a chance to watch the game (ironically, I was in Brooklyn at a basketball game) so can someone tell me why the defense was so horrificly bad? Did we need rim protection (if so, why was book playing the 5 a lot and why didn't allen get playing time)? Or were the guards so incompetently helpless on the outside?
Not the fuck again man. 
As usual the Nets will never cover, what a joke
Bruh, dude, I missed it. Was it really that bad, is it an ankle injury?
Me sorry. I'll make a formal apology post/quick write up about the game shortly.
The tempo in this game was insane. Shot clock took the night off.
At least we have a surplus of guards, I guess

Whitehead, looks like you're still with us for now...
Man you a blind person just on their tip. You make it to obvious. LeVert did not do well this game. I hoped he did but he didn't. You might be the counterpart of the lin only fan dude.
That face of anguish from Lin after the pain hits him... Fuck
I'm hoping its nothing too serious. Maybe a tweak or something
The people I know who have had acl tears say its not a ton of pain. It's the knowledge that's your knee is fucked that probably broke him down. That was heartbreaking to watch.
Me too man. He landed a few seats over and just looked stunned for a minute.

Hoping it was a weird tweak and nothing something worse
it's probably his MCL. ACL rarely torn by this way - falling to the ground.

Torn MCL could also mean a season-ended surgery. And it's quite painful.
Shit like this makes you not want to watch the game anymore smh...
dude... fuck this is so deflating
Fuck.
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Just sickening to see
I'm so sorry for you guys. I know how you must feel.
Fuck, seriously? Come on...
How bad?
Not sure, he might have tore something in his knee but I'm just speculating 
That dead-eyed stare, followed by breaking down and saying 'I' m done' to Kenny... Yeah its not good.
Just hope he doesn't develop bad habits and becomes a chucker. 
Really annoying that Lin still hasn't gotten rid of the habit of going into traffic, jumping, and having nowhere to pass.
Fuck me Rondae and D'Lo are balling
Holy shit wtf is going on RHJ doesn't even miss his jumpers these days.. and it's only been a difference of one summer

PROGRESS
Just hope the injury to Lin isn't that bad. It looks like a knee injury.

There is something seriously wrong when you score 131 points and still lose
140 points and 20 turnovers. Will NEVER win a game with either of those, let alone both.
Is it just me, or is the camera really bad for the game. 

It looks terrible.
Poor Lin man. 
Fuck Myles Turner, the Pacers rivalry starts now
FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCKCCCC
Another game, another possession where Carroll puts the ball on the deck resulting in a turnover :(
As bad as our defense is, I’m so giddy right now.
RHJ goddamn his post game is no joke
Dlo has been sick, Lin and Carroll plz show up
I am very uncomfortable with Levert driving and shooting
We are really bad defensively 
We need some height! getting out rebounded is painful, defense doesnt end until we grab the board!
this defense is :(
Damn. Lin knew. He went from disbelief to sadness in seconds. That's fucking terrible. 
Fucking hell
at least he's walking
Are you fucking kidding me with the no call
We're shockingly bad, 8th seed my ass
We going to beat them like Mirotic-- with a sucker punch from behind, then run away,while the rest of r/nba stands around wondering what happened.   

GET FUCKING HYPE BOYSSSSSS
NASTY PATTY
Everyone looks kinda bad but I think a lot of that has to do with this picture quality.
turnovers :/
Terrible ball movement. Terrible offense. Shooting low percentage shots. You gotta penetrate and pass for the easy buckets. Nothing happening.
This fucking caster is so fucking biased against the Nets
This is utterly disgusting: we had a total of 16 assists but also 16 turnovers, so basically, all our assists and passing did not really count.....

We should LITERALLY be BLOWING OUT THE PACERS.

We are scoring a FG% of 49% compared to the Pacer's 47% 
We are averaging a 3PT% of 35% compared to the Pacer's 28%

Turnovers turnovers turnovers

Bad defense + turnovers..
This game is screaming for Allen.
get the starters back in wtf?? the lead is growing for them...
Thank fucking god. This game was just about to be out of reach. 
Fuck it, play Dlo until his legs fall off
I wanna see a Lin-DLO-leVert lineup so bad. Plz Kenny.

Edit: Luv u Kenny
Fucking fuck
R u fucking kidding me?
FIST ME WITH THOSE TURNOVERS EVEN HARDER, FUCKING HELL
D’Lo got yattted holy fuck
Let's fucking goooooo boys
Defense looks terrible 
these turnovers are brutal
a frustrating half even though the score isn't as bad
We're way too relient on Lin once again. Thought this would change with  DLO :(
fuck
Absolutely blind on defense tonight
Bad defense and not rebounding = L
Slowly but surely cutting down on that lead.
Garbage Small Ball. NOT A FAN
Literally all I ask is for Jarrett Allen to play. We have no rim protector other than Jarrett and he hasn't even played 1 minute. Absolutely ridiculous 
WTF IS THAT BULLSHIT? THAT WAS A JUMPBALL
And of course Lin gets injured badly
Oh shit. This is terrible. 
Fucking end me
Fuck me.....
Fuck no :(
are you fucking kidding me

Fuck this
Man this really sucks
Was there a youtube restream for this game?
man just fuck turner
Caroll the fucking junkyard dog man
refs are idiots man i'm sorry 
FUCK FUCK FUCK THIS
He worked hard as hell this offseason
It's so infuriating watching us get cooked on EVERY pick and roll 
plz no i love it here :(
Seriously.  feelsbadman
Now LeVert just forced that shot. Da hell
It could be worse, you could be a Knicks fan
>What's the starting line up?

It's fucking stacked bro.
Booker got very confused and picked up Oladipo....
He’s clumsy AF
You mean looks like the shit
You're actually so annoying. 
Seriously... Wasn't even that bad 
Nigga...we getting at least 42
So negative.  You guys should go 82-0
What do you mean "you guys" 
Damn man. I didn’t know you had the gift. Does it work only on basketball players? How about presidents?  Breaking a leg is too harsh but could you wish violent gonorrhea on some people?
You should delete this post... I get what you are trying to say, but this could make us look bad.
In the sense that I wished something negative would happen to the celtics, but not this way
Levert MVP haters will say it’s impossible
Game Day!

(Can't get behind a "fuck the Celtics" today though. They already got fucked.)
I'm sure you feel about as bad as anybody rn. :c
I agree. But it goes beyond any team. That was horrible blow to a good guy in the NBA and a star player. It was a tough blow to the Celtics, but Hayward got a lot of support from the NBA family.
I think I may use FTCGWG (fuck the celtics, get well gordon).
Called that shit son!
But like actually what if he signed an extension this off-season. That would be absurd
It happens. It happened with Kyrie & Bledsoe this past year. 
I'd feel so fucking smug posting in /r/nba if we pull that off.
Meme game keeps getting stronger 
what do we look like now

wait... [found it](https://imgur.com/ZiPVI2w)

tbh that's a bad look too
A lot of people said he was too small for the NBA. 
I dont see the comparison to Batum there.  Knox is taller, longer, and doesnt have Batums defining feature in his weird hips.
Knicks homer that’s tired of having the rotting corpse of Joakim Noah on the roster.
I'm sorry. What's this "blues" you speak of?
You misunderstood what I said.


I hate the way the 3 different colored pinstripes, I’d prefer them to be one color
We would have the number 1 pick for sure. We've seen the on/off numbers for when Kemba is playing. This would be the worst team in the league without him
FOREVERKEV? What does this mean? KEV?
Fuck 
I’m going to that game! Is it a limited thing or will everyone get one?
He’s the definition of hard work it’s been a pleasure watching him grow as a player 
Other than GB who invade whatever stadium they're in it's not too bad with the Panthers anymore
Who the fuck is Randy Smith?
Fuck AD is going to pass him.
That looks like a very awkward handshake
maybe i'm stupid or what, what's LBJ referring to by saying "G"?
You definitely stupid
Yeah man fuck r/nba . All the people on there talk shit about the Hornets and even our fans say that we suck, shit is depressing.
I admit I shed a small tear at the beginning of the interview .
also fuck the Heat!
Yeah, but when we are trying to celebrate something it's depressing as fuck when all the comments are that. 
I'm so triggered by how badly Cliff botched the rotations this game

Edit: also our crowd is a joke

Also I'm so done with Batum, functionally useless on offense, slower than molasses on defense
Now let's get Kemba to 10k a la Booker's 70 point game and we can wrap up this season from hell
We get swamped by opposing fans every fucking game
I'm just as irritated by the opposing team fans as you. But let's be honest, this franchise has barely given fans a reason to give a shit for the past 15 years. I'm a pretty hardcore Hornets fan and I was disgusted by the performance tonight. 

If you are a casual fan and you showed up to the game tonight as mostly neutral, why would you want to root for the Hornets??

We get mad at other people for not cheering on the team but maybe we are the idiots for actually rooting for this sad sack of shit excuse of a franchise.
Yeah that's what happens when you're a small market that delivers a shit product and suck ass. Maybe make a playoff run and people will give a shit.
Who the fuck is chopping onions in here?
Why is it so dusty?
Does this mean we get the Nets pick?
Just another game where some guy I've never heard of before drops 40 points on the Hornets... /s
MKG listed as QUESTIONABLE due to food poisoning.
Our offense looks so ugly
Monk please stop making lazy passes
Under a minute left, down 16, and Willy still can’t get on the floor? Fuck this team! 
How embarrassing is it that half of the courtside seats are occupied by fans of an irrelevant college team located 1000 miles away from the stadium
Graham/Bacon/Marv D’ing up Lebron all game?
:(
Shitty duh
Not as shitty as it must feel to be a pathetic troll who has nothing better to do than go into other teams subs and shit on them. That's just pathetic man, hope your life improves.
Kemba didn't play, he technically has never won a game vs the cavs, or I might be getting it wrong, has never won vs lebron
Yea I just found the reddit post. He's 0-24 against lebron lead teams. I knew the cavs one sounded weird, there was no way we didn't beat them at least once when they sucked
He also had an absurd knack for getting to the line. Averaged over 10 per game one season and 7+ for a few others. 
The odds of Carter still being around at pick 11 are very small.

im going to be so fucking sad when he gets traded
He is getting traded this offseason no doubt. You guys would be fucking retarded to let him walk for nothing
Don't worry Kemba you will be packaged with a bad contract this offseason to a playoff team that will appreciate your talent.
I love that I once spoke about how terrible Clifford was and because he was ill at the time I was berated on here. But shut, just cause the guy is ill doesn't change his status as a shot head coach. 
Imagine how sad youll be when he just leaves and we get nothing
Thats where you're wrong, we are fucking retarded 
still can't believe that after months of not hitting a 3 wade just buried several in the end of that game. Fuck him I have some extra glee with the DWade being a bad teammate and tearing up the bulls and cavs locker rooms
>Fuck outta here 

Why? I’m literally just asking for any explanation. Also, as I don’t fuck with Twitter that a no go. 
I'm pissed.  I hate wasting things.  We need to part ways with Kemba.

This is like buying a brand new Corvette, then parking it in the woods uncovered and letting it waste away
Kemba is sick.
Us being lit in the 2016 playoffs is why I supported this team, instantly two of my favs Lee and Lin left(three if u count big Al although everyone loves big Al) but it turns out it’s another franchise with a shithouse owner keeping an outdated coach in the job, not too dissimilar to the soccer team I support :( 
Yea unfortunately a majority of people have quit paying attention even with a star player because we are completely irrelevant.  I don't even see the games on TV in bars anymore unless I request it... it is reaching Bobcat levels.
yeah we've been giving up a lot of ppg lately.
28.2% on .8 attempts per game.

Nah. Give it a couple years, maybe.
Garbage time for the last few months can't help those numbers and Monk has clear range but terrible percentages for a similar reason 
Dude was literally part of the worst NBA team in the history of the league. I would hate for him to have to relive that. 

Sometimes knowing you love someone is knowing when to let them go. 
I'm not even mad. I just want him to achieve his potential
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dancing_Barry
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^164331
I’m not disabled I’m just insane
dude... just shut him down. so fucking dumb.
I hate this team
This is fucking enraging. He's never played well after returning from injury. He tends to compound injuries in these scenarios. You are squandering whatever trade value may exist by having him play in meaningless games.
Why on earth would you play Batum after he's diagnosed with an Achilles stress injury when our team has less than a 1% chance of making the playoffs. That makes 0 sense. There is no upside. With the downside being an already difficult to trade player on a bad contract tears his Achilles and officially destroys what little market exists for him.
jesus fucking christ... shut him down. watch him have a much worse injury after this.
NOT UNTIL HE'S DEAD!
KEMBAAA! 3 and iso d at the end of the game to send it to OT. Daaamn
Dwight's getting frustrated.
HOLY SHIT I NEED 3 REBOUNDS DWIIIIIGHT YOU FUCKING SHRUTE
Lakers losing to Detroit. Losing this game helps us keep pace with the Lakers for the 10th spot.

There's always a silver lining.
Fuck r/NBA 

I'm in!
I'm not really sure any of us have. 
That sucks.  
  
I like the stuff you post, so I'm with ya dude.
> This was done again to protect my identity because you’re somewhat of a god around here and I’m literally afraid to have an opposing opinion to yours.

i'm going to start laughing now.

i don't know when i will stop.
Too bad we don't know enough people to start a different sub all together 

Guess you could always post in /r/basketball or some alternative.. people in the know would know where to go
Disappointment 
During the lockout season we had statistically the worst season of any nba team ever. 

That year the Pelicans "won" the Anthony Davis lottery while the NBA owned the team and was looking to sell it. Very, very fishy. We ended up with MKG and probably doomed our franchise a chance at the ECF or a trip to the finals. 

tl;dr Anytime you get upset just blame the NBA for fucking us out of Anthony Davis. 
At least nobody can call us bandwagoners
I don’t think Jordan is close to the the worst owner at the league. Fuck George Shinn though. 
My biggest issue with the Bobcats was when they had the contest about what to name the team, and then Robert Johnson’s ass named the team after himself anyway. 
you have never been disappointed like this before 
Sorry

Owners create the culture of the franchise. Jordan's ego, nepotism, propensity for instant gratification, and general lack of what it takes to build a franchise have been tragic for us.

Edit: Dolan is probably worse though
50 point game incoming
Kemba or Nic need to beat Monk every time he does something stupid. Maybe that way he will learn not to have such a garbage shot selection
Bacon over MKG is absurd 
I just get sad watching Kemba out there. It's like watching a world-class accountant do his work around a bunch of guys who can't do math.
is this not a preseason game?
At least Bacon has been giving us *something* on offense.
At least Bacon provides *some* spacing.
But he's at least attempted a 3 this season, so teams know that he *might* shoot it.
you didnt use italics :(
I mean, we've been rebuilding since I was 5.
Probably not.  Maker is a worse prospect than 3 other guys we already have at his position.
Insisting on him being a 3 point shooter is just so insane though.  His impact is clearly positive by any standard, he just does not have that one skill.  Its just not a good paradigm to work under.
Sources say that their friendship started when they found out that they had not practicing in common.
Either life has prepared you for this disappointment or vice versa
Memphis literally could have started the game up 60-0 and we still would have won. Think about that shit.
Of all the times to sit Kemba and not run him into the ground during a meaningless game I would’ve thought Clifford would’ve gave him some minutes in the 4th to see if he could go for 60 points or break his career-high. 
Did someone tell Kemba he got snubbed from an all star game?
What the fuck did i just watch?
I'm disappointed that they couldn't push it to 70. 
140-79. Meaningless game for both teams, but hot fucking damn.
We wonned the fuck outta game 
wtf 
The Grizzlies are starting essentially a G League roster. They definitely look defeated but that team without Gasol and Conley is just plain awful.
It would have been 40-40-20 tbh this game was P A I N F U L
The noise around the league dwight's 30-30 game had is insane. Definitely made his trade value skyrocket and if we could trade him for assets then would definitely take it given our depth at the center spot
I hate to say it but the only way we can get rid of Batum is by attaching Kemba to the trade which I don't think any of us want to but we're stuck in such a terrible situation we really don't have a choice
Bob Johnson was merely one of the worst team owners in the league, rather than the worst.

Let that realization percolate for a bit, then come back to the question.
Dolan is deff worse
A stupid opinion being massively upvoted on /r/NBA , hmm...

Must be a day ending in *y*.
you mean we're going to be hoping for Bron in 3 years?
Yeah but 16/12 plus expiring. We can definitely get an asset or two back if we agree to take on a terrible contract. There are plenty out there. 
nope 100% serious make those  m o v e s
No possible way we could lose this game. Grizzlies are masters at tanking. We could use a few pointers as well.
This is unbelievable. 10-13 from 3!
Are the Grizzlies the worst team in the NBA?
holy shit Kemba, chill out dude!
 Sheesh, Memphis sucks,  cant score or defend.
whats with tipoff being 10 min late?
Same. I think Frank at the 5 isn't gonna be all bad.
Nah, I want him to get a 40 40 game
It just makes me mad because there are several games this year where he could have done this same thing but didn't come through
you are legitimately pissed that he didn't come up with 30/30 in other games?

the dwight hate is insane.

He may be a relic in the new direction of the league but he is still a positive impact for a contending franchise.
At least we didn't get blown out by the Nets
I don’t know, someone tell me if I’m crazy but I was at the game and I felt like we won in spite of Dwight’s 30/30 rather than because of it. I mean, he was at like 23-20 when we were still down by 20. But I could be wrong
what the fuck 
I am indeed reading this and I have to say, I like you too! Australia sounds like it would be fun but unfortunately, I don't have any pull in that department! Maybe some day though, you never know!
If you read between the lines, it's not so bad. /s
Fuck, I need a cheeseburger after this one
I'm not sure how to feel about getting blown out by the Nets. Yes it helps get the 10th pick but it's also the Nets
God I hate this team
Ugh our upcoming schedule is terrible. Nets, Grizz, Mavericks, Knicks. Please God let us go 2-2 or 1-3, I believe! Only 4 ahead of the Knicks with a game still left against them. If we blow it hard maybe we can pull into 9th!
THROUGH THICK AND THIN
What’s wrong with his shot?  Looks very flat to me.
Phew. There was some random other dude in the pregame. I got nervous.
It seems like there's something wrong with everyone's shot tonight.
It’s honeslty just weird seeing Cleveland in lottery contention. 
Our owner is crap. 
Our GM likes mid-level white centers from the midwest
Our Coach makes chicken sala- well, less nasty chicken shit from chicken shit. 

Our fans meme game? On Point! 
the knicks will not win 4 games 
We needed him for the defense and hustle plays, duh. 
You must also wonder if this has anything to do with his increased game time? hmmmm...
I mean he's certainly no Michael Carter Williams but he's getting there.
I'll never forget that dunk that came out of nowhere, and the 25 point Celtics game.
I’m not sure if he’s worse than Kyrie. Probably Lillard though.
How tha fuck do you go 8 minutes making 2FG and think...yeah this lineup is working, let’s keep that going and change nothing 
Frustrated Dwight is a 0-10 run waiting to happen.
Dwight at least run at him some jeez dude
😭😭😭 I’m sorry fam
I mean, unfair but Dwight does have the resume so that gets him a longer leash

It shouldn't
I could be wrong, but I believe this is a result of the injury he suffered last night.
MKG's gonna be like 260 if he puts on 20 pounds. That would definitely hurt his lateral quickness. 

We aren't a bad defense because of physical strength- we're a bad defense because Clifford hasn't adjusted his defensive schemes in years, despite major changes in personnel and the fact that every team has had years to study said schemes.
No way Clifford keeps his job for next season, right? His explanations for this team's failures have been pitiful and reflect very poorly on his abilities as a head coach. This one might be the worst of all.
Hopefully he and Kemba caught a bad case of the "fuck this season" disease and we no longer see them
I definitely think we should shut Batum down. I selfishly want to see Kemba get 20ish minutes a game until the last game or two. These remaining 12 games could be his last in a Hornets uniform.
Too bad our coaching staff can’t develop players 
Maybe Arby's would work instead of Five Guys? Arby's is fairly expensive and lower quality than Five Guys (but Arby's curly fries are the GOAT).
At least we're clinging on to that 10th draft spot, and not falling farther down the lottery.
Hey! At least we got to see bacon and monk
fuck it i'm in
I fail to see how this is Cho's fault
The thing I really hate about this team is the resistance to admit how bad we are... they won't tank, they won't trade Kemba, they won't do anything but the status quo all while whistling like "is something wrong?"
I just don't understand how a Monk/Lamb/Bacon/Treveon/Frank lineup could be bad defensively.
I don't even feel any disappointment. That's how bad this season has been
this is actually painful 
can we just like end the game now 
This is unbelievable
Y'all, we are well on our way to a clutch loss. Gotta keep a hold on the #10 spot since Detroit is fucking awful. 
how could you do this to us? :'( 
> [INJURY REPORT: Cody Zeller (left knee soreness) listed as DOUBTFUL has been downgraded to OUT](https://twitter.com/HornetsPR/status/975138291937939456)
I just give up on Monk I’m being irrational right now but he has been crap
Yeah wtf was that pull up you’re not Curry
Sadly
I saw the game that sent them here :(

Actually was credentialed
I should say he brought me to tears in a bad way. I'm a UVM fan. But I will cheer for ANY AE team in OOC or in sports UVM doesn't have (baseball/softball, volleyball).

Except Albany. Fuck Albany.
Can't really think of a response other than pointing out the salt, because it's not like he's wrong. Dwight only deciding to try sometimes is probably his single worst attribute.
Boi ya basketball knowledge is lacking substance. Replace Dwight with Capela, and we are a worse team as well. You talking like Dwight is a scrub. 17/12 and this is bad?

We suck because we have no talent around Kemba/Dwight. We have a poorly run organization. Point blank.

Dwight has made the playoffs every team he has been on, so this Dwight is a negative asset is bull. This will be the 1st time Dwight has missed the playoffs since his 2nd year in the NBA if im not mistaken.

FAX!
You may watch the games but your ability to evaluate a players’ talent and skill is fucking horrible. 

You at one point were banging on the desk exclaiming we had the makeup of a championship core already on our roster, with Zeller, MKG and Kemba. People said you were crazy and you said wait and see.

Well we’ve seen. You were wrong then. You’re wrong now. Don’t act like you’re some savant out here that has more to give than the rest of us. You don’t. History has proven that, unless you want to throw some revisionist history out there.
We're only half a game behind Detroit so we may climb up to 9th.
That's not what I meant. We are currently at 10th in the draft. 10th worst record in the league. Detroit and LA Lakers are at 11th and 12th. 
Imagine if Kemba actually accepted our extension we can offer this off-season. That would be absurd
It would mean he's locked up for 4 years instead of an expring. Would be a steal. One of the biggest worries with our cap is our a Kemba max contract plays in. If he was on a Cody deal, nothing would matter
But seriously, I was going in to this looking for specific arguments to praise or rebut and they basically failed to actually present any.
/r/atlantahawks you mean
The thing that kills me now is that Im usually playing about 25 minutes a week as a goalkeeper in a rec soccer league (25 minutes in the field, 25 in goal).  Every week after that I end up in that cant walk state.
:(
Get rid of everyone in the FO. Fuck it start over.
It wouldn't be that bad imo I would be disappointed if that's all this post is alluding too.
Do you ever feel like the ownership meddling with basketball ops is a part of why the team struggles to get players? I mean aside from the $. I just think it’s crazy no big name FAs ever wanna come play for MJ. Maybe it’s a known thing among players that they’re too controlling. I don’t know...*adjusts tinfoil hat*
No, I don't think you are, maybe I'm just confused about what the GM will be handling, but it seems like front office moves fall under their purview so it's curious to me.
Raw?
RANT: 

WHY DO WE NOT RUN PLAYS IN THE 4th!!!

KEMBA AND MONK WHEN PLAYING TOGETHER STOOD IN THE FREAKING CORNER WHILE FRANK AND LAMB WENT ONE ON ONE IF CLIFFORD ISN’T FIRED I WILL BE VERY DISAPPOINTED. WHAT EVEN IS THIS CRAP WE CALL BASKETBALL KEMBA IS HUMAM HE CANT CARRY US, GET A REAL COACH.  NO WONDER WHY EVERYONE TAKES DIFFICULT SHOTS.  SCREW THIS 4th QUARTER GAME PLAN IT SUCKS FIX IT. START MARCUS PAIGE AT LEAST HE WILL TRY AND RUN IN THE 4th UNLIKE NIC STANDING AROUND TURNING THE BALL OVER.
Kemba wyd bb :(
Holiday and AD seem like decent guys, but ahhh I hate their team!! 
fuck everything. fuck it all it to hell. I'm glad we fucking lost I guess. fuck it. fuck Clifford fuck it. fuck NOP. fuck the police too. 
why are we still trying and givng Batum 42 minutes, if it's to raise his trade value for the summer then whatever




Still hate NOP so badly
Why? I know that it sucks that in 2012 coming off of the worst season in history you didn't get the first pick, but that's how odds work. Charlotte had a CHANCE. The worst team doesn't automatically get the first pick. And if there was conspiracy (and I would NOT doubt that there was) there's no reason to hate the team instead of the people who committed the act which you hated. It's not like the team with the number one pick WASN'T going to pick AD. 
Everything that was supposed to be ours got handed to you :( 
Thanks for the name though
They both suck and should be gone. Dwight is too expensive  and mwc sucks....
The NBA lottery owes us at least one #1 pick in the draft for constantly fucking us over. We always miss drafting a superstar by one pick 
:(
Any game predictions /u/UNCWFootBall?
The Hornets playoff dream is dead, but at least we can maybe take a few teams with us!
I know that we have had bad seasons, but this one has been the least fun :(
You know Dwight is about to start shooting that twice a game now
I feel bad for frank here. How the hell is he realistically gonna stop A.D?
Pro basketball tip of the day. If you give up a 72 point half in an NBA game you're gonna have a bad time.
THROUGH THICK AND THIN
Fuck them for taking the name and the #1 pick
Yes it would :( but Gru here is Cliff, who seemed to think it would lead to the playoffs 
I wouldn't say it's so much the roster as it is performance and coaching. This team should be in the playoffs, but poor effort, bad performances, and lack of tactical changes has led to this. There's just no good identity here at all and there definitely should have been. 
Alexander reminds of MCW which is scary
Nelly maybe? Probably not a good association to have these days though
please do not show up to another home game this season. 
As long as you change the body part, you can tweet this about every fifth game.
Fire Clifford. We can’t beat the worst teams in the NBA with days off.
Elfrid's hair is absurd.
They showed that Troy Daniels game winner from 2 years ago :( that was such a fun season to watch
I hate our defensive scheme.
Game is already out of hand, so we should see plenty of Monk today boys

Edit:  nevermind
i'm sorry
THROUGH THICK AND THIN
are 7500 people even going to show up to this game?
He's off today. One of those days where he's completely useless it seems like.
You mean trade for him
Well that was a depressing thing to wake up to. 😂
I don’t remember him being this bad on the Bucks. 
He fucking sucks.....anybody surprised. 
Damn. He may be upset but at least he’s getting paid.
He used to be so hyped up what the fuck happened 
Why are we doing this to ourselves. We all know we are getting Mitch so he can groom Peterson. Stop, otherwise you will get sad when it actually happens
I think you mean "Career ending" NBA.
FUCK
How does he not mention MCW as being bad? Otherwise he's right, no one has been terrible.
I would rather have Eric Collins’ energy than a boring announcer with a monotone voice. Or maybe im just WOOOTEDOO in the head
>None of their players have been abjectly bad, save for Batum

AYYYYYYYYEEEEEE
His biggest issue is how damn bi-polar he is. It's gotten better every year but it's why his 37% from 3 is misleading. 

By month, his 3pt% has been: 36%, 32.6%, 37%, 30.2%, 42.3%, 50%. And actually his stats are shocking in wins compared to losses. It's almost bad enough to say that when Frank plays bad, it's a guaranteed loss. 

https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/k/kaminfr01/splits/2018
I can imagine that it's tough to be motivated when you know you won't be making the playoffs.
All the coaches from the Van Gundy coaching tree are bad and don't fit with the current NBA at all, but Clifford is by far the worst of that group. 
Just because you don't like a guy averaging 16/12 doesn't mean he's not better than a guy who can't stay on the court.  That's ridiculous logic.
Dwight is obviously bad and one of the teams biggest problems after coaching. I'm not sure how some people can't see this. 
I mean goddamn. why in the fuck was mcw playing? godfuckingwhatthefuck
Fuck you Clifford. How shitty do you have to be as a coach to bungle the MCW/Monk choice THAT badly? The kid has skills, and you've been making him rot behind one of the single worst individual seasons ever put together in NBA history. 
I’m showing him how bad MCW is and he still is convinced Clifford = GOAT
You're settling for being a fan of a horribly mediocre team, and giving me shit for criticizing them for it. 
Yeah sorry to come off as an asshole. Just hate seeing a team piss someone off so much but if any teams gonna do it its this franchise
so he's not having shoulder surgery fuck
I mean, when has Percy ever misreported a shoulder injury?
It’s bad because we need both.

Graham - 3 and D

MCW - Memes
I dunno- we play Frank at 4 because there’s nowhere else to put him and that’s a disastrous waste of time.
At the game. The guy in front of me won’t stop shiting on monks d and praising Cliff. We might end up in a fist fight 
Imagine how our season would be with Monk as our backup PG the whole season fucking Steve Clifford is awful he single handedly ruined our season.
I'm of the opinion that allowing the Brooklyn Nets to score 35 points in the first quarter is a bad thing.
Man, Frank has been terrible
Was gonna go to the game Sat. but i think I'll just save my money and watch us lose at home. :(
Dumb foul by Marvin
I'm not in a position to watch the game. Can someone explain why we are getting fucked by the Nets?
Start Cody you fuck
THROUGH THICK AND THIN
It's criminal.
I'm down to see him miss a bunch of shots and fuck up a lot... just to see him progress and evolve
but /r/hornets told me that Cliff was a terrible coach?!
Missed this game so thank you so much for this. Hopefully we continue to see Monk/Lamb/Batum lineups (fuck defense)
Defensively a long way to go. TJ McConnell is terrible getting by people and he couldn't stay in front of him. But has the tools.
What did Clifford say after the game?
Nobody's mad at dad, sometimes ya just gotta chill 
I want to see 20+ minutes of Monk per game for the rest of the season.
Malik played solid overall even though his shot wasn’t falling but it will.  Also our defense without MKG is bad
I don't complain about the officiating in NBA games that often but what. the. fuck. 
Kemba :(
blow it up. no point in chasing the 8 seed now, not gonna make it.  fire Clifford.  Play Monk 25 minutes a game.
I was at the game tonight and I have to say that it was the worst atmosphere of a sports game I've ever been to. A bunch of white trash philly fans chanting trust the process and a dead and somber mood in the arena. Until some kind of changes are made to this team I'm not giving any of my money to this organization ever again.
Wish I could change it to brutal depression man
At least his skill at taking a dump will be on par with the rest of the team
With the one he scored this game Dwight Howard is now 6-61 in threes for his CAREER.
They used to do a really similar thing with fake weed brownies in gas stations where they'd put a lot of melatonin in them and call them "Sleepy Brownies" or something like that.
we'd be the worst team in the league
Checkin in from 220. Fuck the refs and fuck the dude in front of me who is shitting on Kemba for not being a star. 
Man fuck these refs.
MONK ALREADY OUT FUCK THIS SHIT
Fuck these bitchass refs
Refs are bitches McConnell is fouling Kemba. Fuck the refs
Bunch of freaking bandwagoners at this game 
man what the fuck fuck off 
I'm only angry because I care :(
Well that was an overreaction wtf
I'm switching to the Rockets game boys I just don't have the strength to keep watching tonight
Sixers fan here to say these refs are fucking ass, Wtf are these techs
Why is Redick all of the sudden angry
Which cunt angered Redick
This is so frustrating to watch.
Going to the game tonight. Hopefully I can do the usual stay in the lower bowl thing as I have for both of the games I've been to but those were against the Kings and Knicks so idk. It is a Tuesday so yeah. Tix were $3 I think? Either that or $5 can't remember. So I mean it's not like it's sold out.
Kemba has to be tired
It sucks too, because if this team could have lived up to our expectations this year they probably could have made some noise in the playoffs 
*every game
Bro, fuck the Heat. But I'm definitely down with the process. How can you hate the 6ers?
MKG is so overrated on here it's insane
If Clifford plays Monk less than 10 minutes tonight, he ought to be fired on the spot. At some point it's just insulting your fans.
Incoming kemba getting 40 mins this game
Worthless. He provides nothing of value but that gets overshadowed cause we beat the Warriors. Just an arrogant, lazy, shit defender who demands offensive touches
He is an expiring, of course we can trade him. If not, then simply bench the guy. You don't have to play a guy just cause he makes money. Let him be like Mozgov or Deng or Noah until he demands a buyout. He is detrimental to the team in a way that is almost as bad as Clifford/Silas was. 
How do you mean?
They're still happening I think

A Bobcat by any other name still sucks a lot
Frank and Lamb are expiring in 2019 so it's hard to justify paying to move them, unless you mean using them as the sweeteners to deal the other two.

And the Pacers/Heat are both kind of random flukes.  It would be a bad organizational policy to aim to be either of them.
My response was supposed to be a bit facetious but you know that tone is always hard to pick up on via text. 
Crap, I forgot Lamb!
MCW MADE A LAYUP IN A CLOSE GAME IN THE 4TH QUARTER UPVOTE PARTY
Not to be dramatic but I'd die for Kemba Walker
That was pretty vicious MCW should be ejected... from the NBA
It's not fucking cute. MCW is a wasteland.
MCW Questionable to return
"layup? i hardly know up!" MCW - Always.
wtf lamb.

WTF!!! LAMB!!!
That Lowry 3 was so fucking lucky fuck off Lowry you ugly cunt
I know this makes me an ass-hole but god i hope MCW misses the rest of this game cause his shoulder hurts.
Lamb could be on pace to score 50 points in a game but we’d never know because Clifford will play him 20 minutes regardless. 
Any word on Cody's availability? We might need him tonight if JV decides to spray random 3s again
FUCK YEAH HYPE
Fuck it. Sub Monk in. 3’s all night.
>keep the score close the entire night, go on a late run to tie the game

>other team makes a couple contested off-balanced 3s, hornets start missing layups

>hornets start scoring down by 7 with 30 seconds to go
The Heat play the fucking Suns tomorrow night... convenient. 

Granted our entire schedule after tomorrow night is 3 Philly games, 2 Indiana games (the final two games of the season, in which the Pacers could rest), 1 NOLA game, 1 Cleveland game, 1 Wizards game, and 10 games against teams that actually want to lose. A loss vs TOR tomorrow basically means we have no margin for error and would be relying on the Heat playing less than .500 basketball, even if we were to go 14-4 in those games (which is completely possible).

But the key is no margin for error. Every game from here on out is a must-win. 
Why do we throw the ball into Dwight Howard over and over down 10??

I HATE THIS FUCKING TEAM AND OUR DUMBASS COACH.
It’s too bad tonight I’ve got way too much absolutely nothing going on so I’ll have to miss this one.
THROUGH THICK AND THIN
Almost single handedly the reason 4 the bad start of this game 
$3 for 60 eggs??? What the fuck I’m really missing out over here.
Got this card randomly from a pack of Prestige cards at Dollar Tree 2ish years ago and I immediately stuck that bad boy where I knew I could see it fairly frequently for motivation
He shouldn't be closing games, but unfortunately we don't have another wing that could step in and be serviceable.
We were so fucking close to Anthony Davis. I ain't getting over that anytime soon, probably not until we're contenders 
So we just going to ignore that Lamb is second on the team behind Kemba in 4th quarter points per game on 48% shooting http://stats.nba.com/team/1610612766/players-traditional/?Season=2017-18&SeasonType=Regular%20Season&Period=4&sort=PTS&dir=1
Worst part? This could apply to either the Hornets OR Panthers. These Hornets' losses are just senseless now.
Can we please just tank for a pick, develop Monk and Bacon, and put an end to this miserable season?
UNCA loses

Charlotte loses

Go 3-7 in my Overwatch Placement matches

Fucking kill me fam
Fouls were soooo inconsistent tonight it ruined any rhythm. Dwights 3rd was a terrible call. Also dwight is stupid for getting baited 3 times. High IQ my ass. That last MKG foul was awful. In general MKG never got benefit of the doubt. Billy does not know how to rebound. Kemba has been killing it lately and the rest of the team just fucks it up. Why the fuck is MCW shooting again? Why is Dwight taking 18 foot shoots when were up 1 in the 4th? How is Marvin getting beat over and over off the dribble? And can we hit our FREE THROWS? 
Not even in our top 10 worst losses imo. Still terrible, but at this point it's nothing new
Dude MKG was absolutely terrible to close out the game. Usually he plays his role but this game he actively hurt us.
Somewhere between depressed and angry
Cause Clifford is horrible
Too late to tank.
I guarantee we get very close but just miss it. Aka the worst possible outcome
The last 2 MKG fouls were awful.
Ya the Dwight stans r blind
He’s literally useless. The guy is redundant.
Lmaooooo I fucking hope so. If not then idk wtf this Front Office is doing, are they even watching the same games as us?
Of course he does, get paid big bucks for shit. Yes too expensive. I said when he was signed it was a bad move and I maintain I was correct.
Maybe if he signs for $7 million a year. Otherwise he can be a washed up, lazy, mediocre center somewhere else
Your point would be stronger if you backed it up with something other than "he sux lols!!!".
Yes he will WTF?

I said 2 years from now, he will be 34 and declining. If he plans on playing 20 years he will have to come off the bench.
16 and 13 is bad? Ok.
Maybe if we had a coach who would actually tell him that instead of being a random ass 4, he would do it
Our team is completely useless in crunch time. Never seen a group of players who are so mentally weak. Marvin and batum in particular are complete chokers. Get kemba some fucking help
MCW

STOP

SHOOTING

YOU

FUCKING

CRETIN
Fuck the Hornets, fuck embiid, and fuck cheesesteak sandwiches
Are we the least clutch team in the NBA? Serious question.
GOD I STILL HATE WATCHING MARCO BELINELLI PLAY.
FUCK THIS TEAM. WE SHOULD HAVE FUCKING TANKED. FUCK THE BELIEVERS.
I hate the hornets.
THIS GAME HAS ME ON THE EDGE, IT FEELS LIKE THE PLAYOFFS
Are you fucking kidding me? I swear dude! I swear! Last three games I’ve watched the refs are shoving Ts out like it’s beers at a dive bar. Like, what in the actual fuck? 
We are just behind the player on the 10th row ! 

I have a board saying “TRUST THE CAPTAIN #15” 
Looks like it’s a close game.

And we all know how we Hornets play in close games.
Ilyasova was moving, what the fuck are these announcers talking about?
It’s almost like this game is scripted.
With injuries being up in the air and that awful Celtics game and how often we play Philly down the stretch... this is a big game. Hornets need this bad.
How does this team collapse so fucking bad in the fourth quarter? 
Holy crap this team is dogshit defensively
FUCKING CHARLOTTE HORNETS 
Kemba is on a fucking mission tonight
I’ll be at the game !

That pistons game is going to the wire 
FUCK
why the fuck was half of the team just chilling and watching at half court letting Dwight take the ball from half court to the basket?
Poor kemba

I miss the days when Embiid would have to sit out back to backs :(
fuck
Illyasova you ugly cunt fuck you 
Why did Willy try to hurt our boy :( 
You can't forget MKG. Mistake after mistake on both ends at the end of the game.
I don’t think I’ve ever hated a Hornets player more than I hate MCW
> fuck cheesesteak sandwiches

😂😂
I think that is why the players at least like playing here. But damn he is bad
We'd rather be mediocre forever than be really bad for a few years.
they literally blind
Post Malone vibes rn bruh. These are real sad nigga hours rn.
That's Ben "actually worse than Kemba Walker" Simmons to you.
Blasphemy. At least mcw can defend.
I mean no he isn't but I feel your pain
like we will let this game slip through our fingers.
He's like harden at the center position when it comes to that shit it's fucking ridiculous
Having to watch the Panthers has really made y’all a nasty bunch I see 
Will be at the game as well!
THROUGH THICK AND THIN
I mean I’d take pre-2012 Dwight 
Averaging a double double, being a force on defense and having a sub 20 PER is terrible??? What world are you living in?
Yeah, Dwight's awful.  Second on the team in scoring?  Pffft.  Almost triple the rebounds of the number 2 guy? At his height it should be QUADRUPLE!  Played the most games of anyone on the team?  Well, yeah, if you suck this bad you don't get hurt.  
No, I'm telling you the only way MCW gets to the playoffs is if the NBA eliminates the trade deadline and the GM of a playoff-bound team has an accident involving severe head trauma and decides he wants the worst offensive PG in the history of the NBA.  He plays for the HORNETS.   We're not going to the playoffs.
He's lazy on D, unfortunately.  He gets a ton of blocks and rebounds due to his size and strength, but his D is half-assed.
Dude I'm so sorry you visited our city on such a shit day.
I want him to succeed, we all do.  But he isn't going to, he is what he is.  He might belong in a league overseas at this point.

He's just not very good, who knows why maybe it's mental, but he's one of the worst PG2s in the NBA.  I wish it weren't true because Kemba vouched for him, but I can't deny what the reality is.

Maybe this isn't his forte.. maybe he should sell insurance, or rental cars... I know he definitely shouldn't run an offense though
I miss early season Monk.  Watching him tonight was depressing.
Watching Willy get destroyed by Monroe was depressing. Man that was painful
Not winning :(

 5 game streak tho!
We really missed Cody and MKG tonight. Awful defense.
I still watch the YouTube highlights of that Bucks game from time to time :(
At least he got minutes. It's *something*
So annoyed the Heat pulled out that game last night
Idk what happened but he’s lost his scoring touch maybe needs more minutes under his belt but his defense is horrible 
Is he worse than JOB?
Looked like the Celtics did a good job neutralizing Kemba in the 3rd and we just didn't have an answer. Nic was awful, Dwight was bad and Marvin just wasn't feeling. 
I just want him off our team so badly. :(
That is such a lame excuse, and it's completely beside the point. Every team has back to backs. We have been so mediocre this season it hurts. It's not just this game, but that was an ugly game and even our young guys looked like ass out there.
WHG hate train all aboard!  He's the new Hawes! /s
ugh so annoyed how that happened
I don't blame you for not voting, I didn't either. He was never gonna make it through the voting process anyway. It was always gonna be the coaches, too bad they fucked up too
Willy getting bullied :(
#We’re Not Worthy!!!!!!
Positives we learned that we have worse defenders than Monk negatives.. we have a worse defender than Monk
I don’t wanna speak too soon, but at least we can get some discount Papa J’s. It’s the small victories.
At least now I see why the Knicks were fed up and exhausted of Willy without being mislead by looking at his per 36 numbers.
blind kids > Fergie
I HATE DWIGHT HOWARD
You don’t? Wtf
FUCK HE CAN'T MISS
I want to be paid 2 million dollars to yell AYYY!!! and miss layups. Can we put MCW on the physically unable to perform list due to lack of talent?
You're either stupid or a troll
If our pick is not in the lottery, just save us all the trouble and trade it imo. Clifford will never play them anyway and our drafting record sucks. Not worth the hassle when we could package the pick and get a known commodity.
I think we should all make “How much worse could Malik be?” signs to hold up whenever he’s in
You performed this badly in Euroleague the fans would boo you whenever you had the ball
I hate him so

So

So much
5 and 0 since I stopped watching :(. does this mean I'm not allowed to watch? 
DAMNIT fucking Miami won.  You wanna get into the All Star game Simmons? make your damn free throws in crunch time. 


God I hate Wade how the fuck is this guy still scoring 20+pts at 36
not sure if just drunk or if we making a run...
Well, at least we didn't *lose* to the Bulls. Again.
Yeah Kemba's 3pt resurgence has been insane. 

First 40 games: 34.5% on 7.0 attempts per game

Last 18 games (not including tonight): 45.6% on 8.8 attempts per game

I was getting worried with his shooting but he's basically back at his numbers from last season.
hard drugs? meth or heroine? 
Dwight said "a rib popped out" in the post game interview.
Fuck. UNLEASH BACON.
Nooooooo. Hope he doesn't take long to recover :(
ugh as much as i hate seeing MKG struggle. i kinda enjoy guys getting liangelos...

fuck the balls
TV would be about 30s behind.
“AYE C’MON MAN” gets you a technical? Wtf is this
I hate the mere fact that MCW ‘think’ he can score.
MCW is almost singlehandedly blowing this game for us ever since he came in during the 1st quarter and we had a 6pt lead.
we didn't lose to chicago ayy Hornets proving me wrong
What a fucking dunk
These refs are horrible.
This is the game that we're gonna lose isn't it
Anyone here in Raleigh? Have Spectrum cable but can't find the game or Fox Sports South channel.
NBA refs are the worst bunch of officiating in all of pro sports. They have no consistency with their calls.
Fuck this season.
We have Boston, Philly, and Toronto on the road. We need this one soooo bad 
ref was tired of watching MCW's piss poor attempts at playing basketball so he had to T him up
Yeah wtf! I bet on him over 13.5 rebounds...bruh
He has been frustrating at times just because he's so inconsistent. Some nights his shot will be off, which makes him completely useless because his defense is so awful. I think he's shown a lot of improvement though and am excited to have him on the team. Guy can score.
MARVIN!!!!!!!

Only disappointing thing was EC didn't have a monster call.
Left hamstring strain. Won't return tonight :(
Bummer, that’s the channel that’s worked for me for years. You can check r/nbastreams for (usually) a quality stream
My take would be we finish with a 14 - 8 record which puts us at 41-41 for the season, and we end up 8th seed.

I can't see us doing worse than this.
14 - 8. 41-41. Tie for the 9th seed with Detroit. 12th pick. I hate everything.
22-0 I took a 5 game trend.
:(
FUCKING TRIGGERED
if we get the 8th seed and have to play toronto or boston can we sign gerald henderson for the playoffs? he always had random big games against those guys.
Brunch at Bistro la Bon,
Lunch at Prices Chicken Coop,
Dinner at Beef and Bottle.
Warning don't order the chicken sandwich at Price's you will be in for an ugly surprise

Fish sandwich all the way
I'm staying at a hotel downtown so that I can walk to the game that Tuesday.
its expensive, its one of the things I want to do in my life just do not have enough money. I have tickets with the front court to the Sixers game on March 6th though
how expensive are we talking? like over $350-400?
I think Sea Level is horribly overrated. 
uber is shady as hell, but you can tip your drivers on there too 
ultimately I wanted to get to a Checkers game but they're gone while I'm visiting. That price isn't horrible though, it's like a lower bowl Preds ticket for big games. 
this clip would be so much better if I didn't have to look at Spencer Hawes and his stupid fucking dumb idiot head
he's honestly really bad at defense on an NBA level. He follows his man off-ball decently well, but 1 on 1 he gets torched, so he never plays in competitive games. 
SO YOU MEAN THERES A CHANCE
Except we aren't tanking and haven't for years. Bad record =/ tanking 
Yeah, but I literally just said that just cause you gave a bad record doesn't mean you are tanking
Why did Malik have to miss all of his shots though :(
Is he bad?
Cody injury coincided with our worst stretch of the season...people stay sleeping on Godzeller
I'll let [my tweet](https://twitter.com/SportsDespair/status/967835863106424833) speak for itself 

>	Hornets up 54-27 on the Pistons and I can only assume I'm drunk
Sounds right :(
Alright fuck the tank. I might be dead in two years. Time to make the playoffs!
What the fuck is this officiating
Over/Under 6 minutes for the rookies this game?
I think so. I'm hoping for a Heat-style run late in the season at this point. Losing games won't help us now.
hard under, my friend.
why you gotta kill it :(
/r/nbastreams for your streaming needs. I'm sorry you're just joining now because I've been through the 2012 bobcats so this season doesn't seem bad by comparison. Also,  everyone complains constantly in this subreddit, I sometimes don't get it. 
I also forgot we have never won a division title unfortunately 
But seriously why doesn't Clifford put Malik in
I fucking can't stand this guy. 
The team doesn’t dictate if he provides game to game coverage, his editors at the paper do. Pulling a credential because of that is laughable and proves you (and many others) have zero idea how a media outlet covers news/sports. 

EDIT: of not if idiot. 
Oh my god that Kemba interview after the Woj article was so painful. I forget what he tweeted before he dropped the video but it was so disingenuous.
First, of all, I finally found Rick's alt. Second, Well, a DUI is one of the most dangerous, awful things you can put onto other people. If you hit them in an awful area while driving, they're dead. The Mavericks had a guy on their writing staff who was involved in abusing women last week and was immediately fired and Mark Cuban apologized. I'm not saying those two things are related, but both are awful. DUI's cause thousands of deaths a year, and I've personally seen how one drunk driver can affect a whole family. A person with criminal history, who literally no one likes should not be our beat reporter.
Any misdemeanor?  That is ridiculous, a parking ticket is a misdemeanor

edit: correction, a parking ticket is an infraction

Still, that seems crazy
I'll admit that I don't know the affect drunk driving can have, my bad.

But speaking as Rick Bonnell's alt, I think commonly showcasing his bad tweets and articles starts to become a little excessive. Maybe all of his articles are bad, I don't know. But if they are, I'm not sure there's a perfect way to get him fired.
News rooms.  The press pools would not have a background check involved usually.
I see where you’re coming from, it’s just that even the people who reply to his tweets hate him. Plus when Kemba was put OTB Rick was such an ass to him whenever he’d ask questions and had an awful tone, but I see what you’re saying.
And yet again we fail at tanking and putting together a competitive team for the playoffs. A very bad state. 


Boost that trade value Frankie, we ain't mad at ya.
Yeah the jersey with just "HORNETS" on the front is so boring, they could do so much better.
Is there a rule that would prevent us from just wearing the City Edition jerseys for the rest of the season (or at least until we lose)? 🔥🔥🔥 
2.5 games out of 9th, and we could be 4 out of 8th by the end of the night.  That Miami Tiebreaker feels really bad right now.
Fuck you Clifford
February Frank may have been just a few weeks too late!
I would assume, based on the Van Gundy ties, that he would basically be Clifford's puppet.

That said, he was the one that built the CP3 New Orleans teams, which were at time well constructed and at times not as well, so maybe not too bad.


He has made some colossally bad decisions, and he seems like a placeholder to put a totally unqualified Buzz Petersen into the role a few years down the road.
People always gotta nitpick, if i lived in NC i'd be hitting you up for every home game
Stupid autocorrect! What I meant to say was, yeah it's getting to be a little too frequent, but you're right, it's not out of place here.
Sorry, your submission was automatically removed because {{domain}} is not an approved site. 

This could be due to poor quality content or self-promotion but also phishing, spam, or other malicious content.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/CharlotteHornets) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Maybe I'm just bored.
We are too bad to tank.
It can’t be just us that get fucked over ever year. 
Can we play the Wizards every game? We look like world-beaters when we've played them this season.
PUT OUR FUCKING ROOKIES IN CLIFF YOU FUCK
Tech on Dwight for bouncing the ball? Are you fucking kidding me?
Both these teams look tired
THEY WAIVED THE WHITE FLAG ROOKIES PLEASE LETS FUCKING ANDALE
willy is the man. dude has crazy potential. if he focus on summer and gets minutes, he will be a beast.
A completely useless minute and a half too, where everyone is just chucking the ball around and moving casually like on the playground
We wonned :/
Missed this one to see the stupidest play of all time... Couldn't even follow the game tracker :(
Man. Monk played AND scored? And Willy played? I shouldn't have missed this game.
I hate this year
weird
Sadly, I do
Had to be female related... how the hell else would anyone sell tickets to bad plays without females
Too bad the Heat and 76ers both have easy schedule as well. It will be tough to reach the playoffs.
It's gonna be tough to get lower than 10th. Knicks are awful garbage without KP. Stinks too because there are some real potential franchise changers at the top this year.
Howard is unbelievable bad/lazy on defense
the hornets bench sucks
If I have to watch Frank Kaminsky stumble out to close out on a three point shooter after collapsing in on the paint again, I'll fucking stab myself in the eyes.
Immediate offensive foul on Howard why is he so bad
I've missed this the past week.
From [Lowe Post Podcast](https://www.cbssports.com/nba/news/some-hawks-players-reportedly-cheered-when-learning-dwight-howard-was-traded/):

> I've heard multiple stories of Hawks players learning about the trade and screaming with jubilation into their phones. You ask why, and one account was that Dwight would give these speeches before the game about how everyone is playing hard, we want unity, we're going to… and then go out and play like a blah game where he demands post touches and doesn't rotate as hard as he could. And everyone is like, 'why are you speaking in the locker room?' But that's all anecdotal. It's just crazy how these stories come out after every stop in his career."
I totally agree (funny to see u here, not on /r/gonets). He was basically blacklisted from all NBA teams because he demolished a team. There's no proof he can retool a team after completely demolishing. He wouldn't travel with the team and had awful connections with FA and agents. In Charlotte (a small market) you need connections. Hinkie is fucking awful and is so overrated on reddit. He traded assets for picks. He had no connections with other members of the FO and even the players on the team already. THERE WAS NO CULTURE. A 15 year old /r/nba user could do that.
I mean, it was WOJ, who is rarely wrong 
This doesn't ease the pain :(
Okay I hate to be that guy, and I'm curious what y'all think, but like these are the reasons why people are losing interest in the Hornets. No matter what happens, MJ is still up top and will literally only hire people from UNC. He's an awful owner. Just seems like there's no way to get out of this cycle which is why people like /u/zfafa12 have been posting this. Maybe it's just me but I am starting to get it like this is pathetic.
Not sure if you saw it, but Polk said today that at least for now they intend to keep him around, but the new GM will re-evaluate when he's in.  Which I have to be hopeful is just saying that so he doesn't lame duck lose the locker room.
Can confirm. I worked for the Hornets in 14/15. Jordan is an ice cold individual who is “never wrong”. He is the GOAT on the court, but arguably one of the worst front office minds in history and not exactly the nicest guy you’d ever meet. 
This is some crazy nominative determinism if ever I've seen it. 
#FUCKING FUCK
As an App State fan Buzz Peterson is a jackass. Why in the fuck is he assistant GM i had no idea this was the case. 
Yes. I'm not thrilled about this
Hinkie is a terrible drafter who simply exploited the market when nobody valued draft picks. Any team who hires him now would be in for a massive disappointment
Had to? Iirc if you don't reach the minimum, the players on the roster get a bonus. And if they just wanted to reach the minimum they could have signed some guys to 1 year deals. Those two moves were two of the worst in the last decade 
Pardon my ignorance of the subject, but is that as dumb as it sounds?
True... I just can't get over the obvious ironic trend of never being satisfied and constantly groaning

"OOoohhh this guy! this guy is awful what the hell are they doing, get rid of him!........  OOOhhhhh not that guy!! That guy is awful what are they doing!?  This is awful that is awful everything is awful, garbage, fml!" lol
If that is the case then this organization is fucked unless someone can convince MJ that he needs to trust his scouts, GM and coach. 
Don't you mean God Deng it?
He also coached at UNCW...used hockey rotations literally refusing to sub less than 5 players at a time which led to being worst team in CAA. Then kevin keatts came in next year and won CAA with same players.
buzz coached at tennessee. didnt go well but small time is a little unfair
Keatts makes me feel like the girlfriend who got dumped and doesn't know what she did wrong
Careless driving?  I hope they take this seriously and take away his 2 minutes of "go stand in the corner" time per game.
FUCK man i always see him dancing and snap'in in the car, MALIK!!!!!
You're not the only one. 

Cited for careless driving and no proof of insurance... Come on man
We have a really mediocre coach.
I'm wearing overalls, a straw hat, and no shoes to the game.  You know, my usual office attire.
I'm just tired of everyone thinking that we are country bumpkins.
Leave him alone :(
dude seriously looked like he didnt belong there,
I don't feel bad for him.  He was the first one to bitch that he wasn't on the team.
Every time I go to a game and they’re losing, I usually just stare at the Stanley Cup Banner.
Is MCW secretly the coach, controlling Dwayne Casey ala ratatouille?
Hard to say with the new format, but I'm expecting around 10, maybe 15 minutes. I also expect to be disappointed.
Just. Fucking. Play. Him.
Our coach fucking sucks
The name was awful being that it was after Bob Johnson, you are the only person who prefers the old name 
:( Guess that's just the reality of the league. It's tough.
I'd upvote twice, due to the mad Photoshop, if I could. 
The NFL sub did a similar trick with Valentine's Day headers being based on flair. Since I flair the Panthers, the header had Cam Newton.

Would have been a mite awkward if Kemba hadn't gotten that injury replacement nod.
WHAT DID THEY SAY? Can someone link me or something? Ben Simmons can complain about not being in the All Star game when he averages 20pts a game. 
People really get mad at Embiid? C'mon man.
He comes off as arrogant. I like his play, hate his demenor. 
We should have got fucking Anthony Davis that was bullshit
I hope Kemba dunks on him during the game
The All Star game is for all the stars. It's not the All-Decent-Players-From-Teams-With-The-Best-Records game
Embid getting his ankles broken by Kemba in the All Star game. Remember this comment.
Yeah I'm not going to hate on Embib or the sixers for wanting there guy in when both of our teams got semi-screwed by Dragic
Remembered! 
Where was Kemba during this game? Didn’t see him. 
Nigga no 😂 this discussion started because of Kemba vs Simmons. Not Hornets vs Philly you silly boy 😂
Bridges jumper was extremely untrustworthy freshman year, so a lot of people assumed he would have to play the 4 at the next level.  I'm leaning away from that though, because A, the jumpshot, though still not good form-wise, is producing results, and B, his length is limiting his ability to pass well against longer defenders, which will basically stick him at the 2 or 3 in the NBA.  But also, C, you can not be a bad screen setter from the 4 in a modern NBA offense, and Bridges is terrible at that.

IDK, not a huge fan of him as a prospect in general.
It's possible. His worst case is that he's Derrick Williams 2.0.
Th- *ahem* THIS IS NOT FINE!!
What a joke. There are at least 10 guys with worse contracts 
/u/bringbackthebuzz, any comments on the 3rd humiliating season in 4 years or are you going to keep sticking your head in the sand and pretending it's literally everything but Clifford's problem?

Context: the fans on RealGM saw him basically call everyone who is saying Clifford sucks are actually morons who can barely be called fans. [Source and everyone calling out this dumbassery] (https://forums.realgm.com/boards/viewtopic.php?f=53&t=1391079&start=540#start_here)
Sorry, I’m a bit unfamiliar. What slant does Swarm and Sting usually have?
"expensive role players, only draft busts, shoulda kept Lin, Cho is horrible, Clifford would get hired anywhere else"

Saved you any replies
Maybe we can out tank LA, but no way we pass NY and get the 9th pick. NY is looking like one of the absolute worst teams in the league without KP.
This man will have his jersey in the rafters for assisting us in getting our annual 9th pick.


What a fucking legend.


ALL PRAISE SIR ELITE
Oh my god that is so annoying  AAAAYYYYY

It sounds like pouting "hey you big bullies stop pushing me!"
Carter-Williams is not good at basketball.
I am not proud to be in this montage at 0:35
that was sickening...ugh...it's so tough to be Hornets fan
We played a horrible game against a horrible team, where we barely get the win which ends up hurting us and helping them. Fuck.
We wonned :/
We won a game within 2.  How long has that been?
Fuck Dwight Howard
14 consecutive games where we've lost in a game decided by 3 or less points, Speights window dressing shot broke that rut. Just heard it on the broadcast
Speights coming through with the clutch meaningless three as time expired to get that point differential under the threshold.
Not good
I have bad news bud...
Yeah, however you do that trade every time. The biggest problem we have is a coach who doesn't hold guys accountable. At least with Houston and Atlanta, Dwight, when bad, wouldn't play. Here, his minutes never change unless he gets into foul trouble. When your rotations are that stuff then everything is bad
You are on this team, but we do not grant you the rank of player.

Never speak of that game again!
What the fuck?

Go watch Star Wars, weirdo!
This scene hits me hard
Update: Bagley has been ruled out of tonight's game against VT
Yep, absolutely awful night for the tank.
After this game, I'm posting the updated MCW missed layup compilation. It's just over five minutes long now.
Kemba incoming 40 pts tonight or we tank so hard baby
What the fuck am I watching
No one won this game
Marvin has to be the least clutch player in the league.
I hate tanking... I don't want the guys to play badly but I don't want to win, especially against a team worse than us.
Jeremy having a ROUGH game tonight.
Yeah it's not right how much she works :( 

...And that I have to watch this team play something that sort of resembles basketball tonight.
1%?

Not sure

I'm confused by his name situation.  He said his name is definitely "Billy".... so I'm confused why he spells it Willy just so he has to correct everyone
Sounds like a player that'll go to another team and kill it and then everyone will call us stupid for letting him go.
You also have to give credit for Lamb. Still a bad track record tho 
I once said Clifford was shit and got downvoted to hell because he was going through a tough time healthwise. Listen, I don't wish anything on the man other than a pink slip.
in star wars, one of the Jedi named Mace Windu (Clifford in the picture) is told by Anakin (Kemba) that the Chancellor of the Senate, palpatine (Malik monk) is actually a bad guy. So Mace goes to confront Palpatine with Anakin. Palpatine responds by attacking him with lighting (pictured) while Mace tries to kill him. Anakin originally tries to help Mace, but slowly falls to the dark side as he has had visions of his wife dying and thinks Palpatine can keep her alive, so he ends up turning on Mace and helping Palpatine kill him and then he becomes Darth vader. 

So in this picture, the joke is Malik already hates Clifford and he's trying to get kemba to turn on Clifford too, as Anakin turned on mace
Yeah it's hard to even want to think about our cap situation. I'm hoping we can unload at least one of those contracts this summer (by that I mean either marvin or batum). 
Maybe Mudiay just sucks
you don't have to play a guy 30 mpg to know if he sucks
this would make a sick koozie
I don't understand what I'm supposed to feel nostalgic for.. paper cups?
How motivated must he be to hear all the negative chatter lately.  Every media member already calling him a bust saying how awful a pick we made.  I am really pulling for him,  he deserves to talk crap if he ever becomes good after how he has been talked about.
I was at the ot in pdx, even the locals were disappointed to not see him play.  Especially w extra minutes.
The only time he plays is 2 minutes of garbage time, so he's trying to shoot the lights out every time he sees the ball because he's just going to get buried on the bench again.  He figures his strength, and why we brought him here, is his shooting... so when he gets in the game for a few minutes he's going to do what he does while he has the chance
Steve Clifford. That would mean ELITE DEFENDER, MCW, would get less minutes
There's no point. He won't take us to the playoffs. Might as well let MCW continue to have the worst season in recorded history so we can get a better pick
>n a nut shell he says the team is very bad with Monk on the floor at PG, he isn't comfortable enough yet but we don't have the lineup to play him at SG.

This makes zero sense at all.  The team is very bad with MCW on the floor at PG, who gives a shit if we lose by 15 with a guy we are developing or 9 with a guy having one of the statistically worst seasons a PG has ever had and that we need to jettison?  
all the coahces in the league would choose a terrible O player with good D over a streaky O player with terrible D 100% of the time for a back-up PG.  Especially since most back-up lineups have guys with poor D...
10 games wtf 
I mean I'd prefer to make the playoffs every year over tanking, but we aren't even doing that so fuck it.
Espn has made it next to impossible to like him 
No I honestly like Miles Bridges
I'm so tired of seeing people on this sub crap on him. 
This. Every home game i go to he’s getting rebounds, seen a 20/20 even. He is not apart of the problem 
I would call Isaiah Thomas bad right now.
I feel like I'm the one on crazy pills here. Do people here even watch Dwight play? Terrible post scorer (like literally the worst in the league), mediocre finisher, bad hands, very bad defense against the PnR/stretch 5s. I don't think Dwight is bad but if you try to use him as anything more than a hustling big who can play off ball (a la Steven Adams or Drummond) you are probably fucked. 
You hate debating topics with teenagers but act like a 4 yearold.  Hmm.
he stopped being relevant in 2015, the year after he dragged us to the playoffs. Just never regained that edge from 2014, and his bad defense got worse and couldn't be hidden anymore.
The hornets had the single worst team in NBA history (as the bobcats) now we can also lay claim to the single worst player season in NBA history. Truly we are the GOAT of sucking. All hail MJ! 
Clifford has to go. So bad.
There was no sense of urgency at all. It was like a slow painful death watching the Raps go on that 18-2 run
9%?  Looks like Coach Clifford is going to start playing Kemba 40 minutes a night with us being in the thick of things and stuff.
The guy sitting behind him hates him
Is this what happened to Michael J Fox after Teen Wolf?

God he looks bad 
I mean isnt he just showing how tiresome it is to be a Hornets fan 
He is an actor per se. Saw him at the Pacers game I went to last week, he does motivational speaking and skits for hire at different kids events. The beard and eyebrow stuff is all fake but he is in his 60s
>it'd just be embarrassing if it was a plant

If he is a plant, I pray that Jordan never tells a soul. I'd hate to be seen as the franchise that's so terrible they have to pay for a superfan lmao. 
It's crazy that MKG is still one of the youngest guys on the team.
Turns out when you have 2 of the worst players in the league playing regular bench minutes you will get fucked by teams with actual benches
I hope people on this board start to realize how utterly fucked this roster is. God damn we fucking suck.
yeah can we at least let monk and bacon get some minutes while we are losing 
Steve Clifford is a fucking turd let Monk play you piece of shit.
Man, I just don't know what the Hornets should do going forward. Obviously, trading Kemba could get them off of a bad contract, but there's so many bad contracts on that team that it's almost pointless.
Empty the bench Cliff, you fucking fartknocker!
Batum and Dwight single handedly ruining the game. Again.
Buzz city is for when you're leaving the game drunk and go get drunker because your eyes burn 
Monk cannot possibly be worse than this
I don't think Dwight's been too bad so far. Batum has been shit though. His shot selection is consistently awful.
Those iso batum fadeaways would’ve looked so sick if they went in tho
Isn’t this that shady website that sells fake jerseys?
Yeah nvm I’m wrong.  There used to be a website (I believe it was called hornetsfanshop) that sold fake jerseys but I guess they lost the domain or something
Nah it was backwards the fake ones are always fanshophornets.
Dude we are keeping MCW so just deal with it. We would have kept sessions last year if he didn't get injured. Cliff is awful at adapting when his golden boy sucks 
Malik Monk made a three-point basket in this NBA basketball game.
I'm on record as being less than a fan of MKG, but what Cliff is doing to him rn is criminal. I don't understand anything about this team anymore.
This is the biggest FU to the fans. You “compete” by making so little effort to change. You lose and don’t event develop your younger players while doing so.  

Meanwhile Clifford has no consistency when policing his “do’s and dont’s. “ are you a veteran? Go ahead and play lazy defense. 

Meanwhile our team can’t compete because we have no Dogs on our team. The only people who are dogs are MKG, Graham, Cody and Kemba. There’s no fight or anger in anyone else

Just apathy. It’s truly awful and the fans will be the ones who suffer. 
MCW and Dwight Howard are unplayable. Monk needs minutes. Fuck this team. Cody should be starting. That is all. 
So, what the hell is this team doing? We aren't competing, we're mostly past our prime, and we didn't do shit at the trade deadline. We don't play our rookies, and we refuse to make any changes. Why? Is there a strategy here beyond selling enough tickets and merchandise not to get relocated or lose money? Fuck this team.
Howard has been so bad lately. He puts in such little effort on everything he does except post ups, which he's just terrible at. His screens are actually atrocious.
I hate hate hate Batum's playstyle. Even when he's good it's still bad. He is the definition of an inefficient player. Takes shitty shots, throws bad passes, doesn't play defense. He can barely be assed to even jump on his jumpshots
> We aren't fooling anyone into thinking he's a passable basketball player 

I actually saw at least one post on /r/nba say Dwights having a comeback season in charlotte and they would want to trade for him. Poor soul has no idea what they are talking about
You guys are ridiculous. Dude has one stinker against Gobert and suddenly he's not a passable NBA player. 
Except A, this wasn't just a stinker, this was him blatantly and repeatedly not trying in the defensive end,

And B, that isn't just one game, it's every game for him now.
Just to be clear, he was joking with you. I'm not happy you're going to be rooting against the Hornets either but I'd hate for you to miss that game
That's pathetic. It should be the other way around
Because Steve Clifford is a terrible coach.
It makes me quite sad that Cliff is losing/lost his touch. Hard to defend him the past year or so.
Are we secretly tanking??
If my high school experience in NC was any indication, I bet nobody else in the room knew what the fuck any of that meant. Nobody followed the Bobcats, or NBA basketball in general, which was annoying. 
It’s really hard not to lose games when the NBA keeps making us play them 
In Utah on a b2b off an OT game.

Just kill me now 
The sad thing is that we haven't been getting blown out recently, so we don't even get our 1-2 minutes of Monk playing in garbage time.
This is gonna be mad ugly
Clifford is a genius. Subbing in your worst player to close the half for apparently no reason usually works out. 
MCW is the worst goddamn basketball player. I can't wrap my head around this trash can continuing to get minutes. 
Refs are fucking Dwight 
Joe Ingles career game, of course.
Frank is so garbage why does he keep pump faking only to miss awkward floaters
Jerebko with a nasty block on Cody and eurostep around Frank for a layup on the other end. Their big white dude outplayed both of ours.
mcw is brutal
and he just did. fuck this team.
Except shoots an insane percentage from 3 and doesn't turn the ball over. Unlike Batum. 
given how awful we defend the three ball it ain't a surprise 
At this point, anyone who isn't a ridiculously retrograde hire in the Mark Jackson / Mike Brown style would be an improvement.
Would George Karl be able to accomplish anything if we're that desperate, or is he still universally hated?
I hate myself for staying up, buying a Buzz City jersey, getting excited for this team again, believing we can go 4-0 before the allstar break. brb ending my life
The sad thing is that this isn't even in our top 5 worst losses. @Boston, Miami, @Cavs, Chicago (TWICE), New Orleans were all worse somehow
I hate Cliff but fuck could anyone other than kemba hit a shot? from 7:05 in the 4th quarter Kemba had the last 23 of 28 points. He also took nearly all the shots because everyone was cold as fuck. It shows we have no good play makers other than Kemba. We were never in the game without him. 
This team kills me. I just wanted to at least BE in the playoffs this year. 
I can't believe how terrible Howard, Batum, and Lamb were. It's honestly dumbfounding. FUCK DWIGHT HOWARD
Why the fuck would Kemba want to stay here... it must be like riding a bicycle in the sand
Worst in 3p% by 6%.... And second worst in fg%. This team is unwatchable in the clutch
The problem is the ball movement we're one of the worst not only in the clutch but in general as well
that march madness hoodie looks sick...
Can't wait to cop that slick jersey now, flames
Well, I mean I didn't want there to be four fucking injuries to all-stars for this to happen. But it happened and he's in so we may as well be pumped about it. Team Lebron all day!
FUCK GORAN DRAGIC BTW
Still can't believe it took all this for him to get in. Dragic was a fucking joke.
Knicks fan coming over to congratulate you guys on Kemba being an all star! It sucks that KP couldn't be in it but I wouldn't want anyone else but Kemba to replace him. Also, take care of Willy.
I can get behind this.
The same as it has always been, keep this team and trade for questionable players. Rinse repeat.

Wouldn't put it pass MJ to buy out Dwight either.lol
That’s the part I don’t like. I have the unpopular opinion that 2nd rounders aren’t worthless. Those picks could be valuable especially for a team that might be trying to, at the very least, do a soft rebuild. That’s also a way we could address that every lacking depth. 
Clifford should be fucking left in Portland for that pathetic inbounds play
Fuck Dwight 
I fucking hate Dwight
Dwight if you can't make that jump hook for 23 million dollars what the fuck are you doing
FUCKING WHY IS DWIGHT STILL IN THE GAME

HE IS THE ONE WHO GOT US IN THIS HOLE
I HATE DWIGHT HOWARD THERE I SAID IT
Didn't we have another game thread or am I losing my mind?
Holy fuck Dwight stop
Either those lights made it hard to see or those girls were on hardcore drugs
It's crazy that our only lead was 2-0.
we're down 20 to fucking 5 and he doesnt make ANY SUBS. fucking what?
I hate how other teams roll out some 3 point shooting death lineup when their starters sit while we have the MCW-led clown show 
Then they are fucking Kemba because he stayed in Charlotte, which is bad because Kemba is already fucked for staying in Charlotte
yeah but no backup PG! :(
Fuck
Hooray for mediocrity!
I’m so mad we did move anyone
I had bad feelings that my Kemba jersey was going to end up in the sad part of the closet with the Benjamin and Tolbert Panthers ones. 
But by being mediocre we don't even have a chance at the luck. There's no hope. People just want hope. We have none, and we haven't had any in years. Anyone who says otherwise doesn't know basketball well enough to form an opinion. 
The closest thing was The 80's Boston Celtics with McHale & Larry Legend.

Nash & Dirk were solid but Cuban Fucked that up 
ill kill ye
Oh I misread then my fault. I thought you were saying that JOB > WHG. My bad my friend.
I'm real dumb. Edited.
fuck no
The Cavs have been going crazy with trades today. 
FUCK R/NBA
It also probably kills Dwight to the Cavs though, which I'm disappointed by.
This is how the small ball era dies.
My confidence is low. Some how I doubt we make a move. Seems so un- Hornets to make a splash. Hope I’m wrong, but I won’t hold my breath. Trading picks/ bench guys for the like seems to be our calling card. 
>We gave up our worst player

Wait, when did we move MCW?
We’ll see. I hope I’m wrong. I *really* hope I’m wrong.
It’s a blunder if they don’t get him playing time. Never said Willy wasn’t a baller. It’s a blunder if don’t get him PT. He’s gotta play to develop and continue his success story. So if they don’t move a piece (which I have 0 faith the can do) then it was pointless. 

Saying we would walk was a bad choice of words, but he could request a trade. He’s done it once already. 
FUCK /R/NBA AND THEIR STUPID KEMBA TO THE CAVS TRADES
Fuck off Cavs
LETS FUCKING GO FUCK CAVS FANS
Supposed to, but unfortunately we have an owner than thinks just because he's the GOAT on the court, he can handle a team off of it.  Jordan has been a piss-poor executive since his days with the Wizards.  If I were Cho, I would have gotten Jordan horribly drunk last night and locked him in a closet today.
Dont worry young cub. Disappointment will come in due time. 
No more worries about that terrible Cavs trade anymore
:(
At least now IT is off the table. 
You had me at fuck r/nba
Update: During the Cavs game the sideline reporter said the cavs front office have said the Brooklyn pick is off the table. I’m thinking this trade won’t happen.

morning edit and update: Windhorst said on sports center the trade probably won't happen due to the Hornets wanting cap relief and a star in return which the Cavs can't give and the Cavs won't give up the Brooklyn pick unless LeBron says he's staying past this year.
Why do the sport subs hate Carolina teams so much?
Yeah I don't get why everybody thinks we're going to off-load all of our talent (Kemba, Batum, MKG, etc.) to get back TT, JR, IT, etc. TT is a negative asset! JR is trash! IT is broken and a snake!

If the Cavs were below the salary cap and we could unload Howard or Batum's contract along with Kemba, then *maybe* we would have reason to consider taking back less talent. 
I mean if Kemba isnt involved, no, it isnt.  There are plenty of trades with Cleveland that do make sense.  Just none that Ive seen involving Kemba.
His attitude has been pretty bad.  Even if we do trade for him I hope we just buy him out.
He's astronomically bad on defense and if we were to trade for him, then we'd have every intention of playing for a draft pick. He doesn't strike me as a guy(especially now) that would put forth the right effort in that scenario. 

Idk, maybe i'm spewing bullshit. I've just never liked the guy
He can not does not will not play any defense ever. We would be the worst defensive team in the league with IT.
Don't think of it as a gift, think of it as a tax that stupid people pay.
That's not a real fair assessment of IT. He was forcefully traded to a team that is led by the Drama King of the NBA. Plus he's clearly not up to full health. But yes I would rather keep Kemba
Can’t shoot? Yeah, he’s a horrible defender, but despite a slow start returning from injury, he can definitely shoot...
That's exactly why I made this post and one on /r/nba that got removed at like 30 upvotes, little salty at that but I digress. it's so awful reading their sub it gave me a legitimate headache.
No, they didn't.  Woj ran an irresponsible article about how we were shopping him when basically all that had ever happened is that we'be fished for another GM to do something crazy
I would argue that that isn't because he can't shoot, but because he can't shoot as well as he thinks he can.  He's taking a degree of shot difficulty that makes Kemba's look tame. 
Look, I don’t want to trade for him either. It would be an atrocious downgrade from Kemba with little upside. I’m just making the limited point that saying he’s an awful shooter is hyperbolic and incorrect. 
Fuck that cancer team, fuck LeBald, and fuck Cavs fans who think we should be honored by their "charity" of a trade.
And get back worse contracts? Fuck that
Well for starters his contract ends after this season.
And if we don't reach the playoffs, that would be a fail season twice in a row.
Exactly. I had to try and explain this to idiots on r/nba that are calling MJ stupid over that bullshit Schultz report. 
You make our entire subreddit look bad
Wtf am i gonna do with this kemba buzz city edition jersey.
JFC could there be a bigger doucher than Le Batard. The way he comes off his annoying has hell. He has to yell and get overtly hype about everything. He’s like a drunk bro at party. 
Get it signed before he hits the road and frame it. :/
Not sure how people listen to this. I could barely make it through this part. Really fucking annoying.
Zizic is a small one.
I agree, I’d just like at least some talent out of it
Ffs kmn this is a bad day. Keep Willy safe :(
Might wind up being the other way around.   Cody tends to get broken a lot.
>besides rim protection

Actually he's quite bad at that too.
Please don't mean we are trading Dwight..
Hopefully this means we're trading Frank. If we're gonna have to watch a center play bad defense, I'd rather it be one who can actually rebound and make shots from 5 feet away.
Trader effing Cho.

Hopefully everyone can agree this is a solid trade.
Please let this mean that Dwight is gone
Goodbye Dwight. Hopefully we dont do something stupid like trade Kemba Walker and Dwight Howard for IT and a first. I'm scared that this could mean that we will actually be trading Kemba Walker though
me too, i was like shocked in advance just thinking about treveon, not giving a fuck for anyone else
I mean who's to say we didn't try? The market may have not been there. 
Are we still calling Frank a center?  I thought the fact he was still rail thin and shit scared of anyone over 6'4'' kinda precluded that.
Willy wanted to go where he can play. He's not going to play sitting behind Dwight and Cody. Have to think we will be moving Dwight.
Why tf wouldn't you want IT off the bench? You guys are crazy 
Pls don't be a dumb trade
Holy fuck what if we gave monk
WHAT DID WE FUCKING GIVE UP
Please don't be a dumb trade please don't be a dumb trade please don't be a dumb trade
Marvin's contract is pretty bad. Just not when compared to Nic's contract or Dwight's contract.
Based on this season I’m not sure he can’t do it on accident. 
This is crazy.. Kemba all star take 4?
At this point, I don't even want Kemba to make it just because Team LeBron is dropping like fucking flies.

I've got a feeling it'll go to Simmons anyways.
Hard to imagine a franchise getting fucked much harder by sheer dumb luck than the Knicks got.
What’s the over/under on how long it takes Silver to fuck Kemba over this time?
Seriously though thats even worse for their franchise than for us if it happened to Kemba.
Nets fan, please Kemba get in. Might be traded sadly, but he desrevrs it over a rookie in an arrogant fanbase. The Simmons kid will have a lot in the future. Kemba deserves it.
I feel sorry for you, Chase. I would not want to be the guy they send to peddle tickets in the middle of this shitstorm. Godspeed.
yeah i feel bad can someone buy tickets !!!
Sick of Jordan and his fucking UNC buddies.

Sick of him sticking his nose in everything.

Sick of "Jordan's type of guy" getting drafted.

Sick of the nepotism that doesn't get us anywhere at all.

Our actions before the trade deadline will be make-or-break for a lot of fans.
Jesus fucking Christ

Careful what you wish for, Hornets fans
Come on man this is a horrible take
Those are bad contracts in hindsight, injuries devastated this team. We were 3rd seed, and we took Heat to 7 games with Batum, and MKG being injured - two starters. 
Yeah, yeah. I'm just saying that I get excited at the idea of any sort of regime change, likely or not. I'm not in the 'this is terrible' camp. You know what's terrible? The past 2 seasons. 
about fucking time
MKG was pre bad Tho, can’t let a guy like Barton drive by him with ease. 
You dont think it was Batum as well? His defense seemed bad tonight.
I feel angry about Monk's situation.. they don't play him at all, then put him in for 2 insulting garbage minutes... as if that is supposed to benefit him or show us anything.

He needs to contact social services and let them know he is an abused basketball prospect
I will be so disappointed if Dwight is still on the roster come Thursday night.  The way he makes our defense run is just so painful to watch.
I fucking hate this team
Yeah... be prepared to be disappointed then. There's no way we move Dwight.
Not that much worse.  This was hardly an unlikely loss.
I feel like I remember a time when Rich Cho made a move that basically forced Steve Clifford to fix his crap by taking away the bad option, but I dont remember what it was and I need to go to sleep to be on time for work tomorrow because I finally no longer have the flu and can actually go to work in the office.
You think we think it's funny?  It's infuriating, especially when the coach's reasoning is defense, and our defense is not good 

And that is what is going to happen... Monk sits because he isn't ready.. well how the fuck is he going to ever be ready, its insane
We never deal our pick there.  Our pick is about as valuable as the Brooklyn pick sadly.
That's unbelievable.
I don't want fucking IT.
Fuck that. Not worth it. 
We're literally about to give up Batum and Walker for Thomas and the Nets lottery picks. Holy fuck. RIP to our team. Fuck the admin. 
Wait what? He's not rumoring anything. He's saying they had 'vague discussions' which Marc Stein and Woj have also reported. Lowe is only coming up with a trade scenario he could see them discussing and in no way is saying that those are the specifics of the discussions these teams have had.
I think there is some confusion about this article. He's reiterating a previous report that the Cavs and Hornets have had vague discussions. The rest of this is just him proposing hypothetical trade ideas. 
"Vaguely discussed" could mean literally anything. It's not like he is claiming they were seriously working on a deal. He said they talked and **then** Lowe gives **his** ideas for possible trades.
What has he reported that is wrong?
I think the player Option should be picked up for guys like Melo or even Jordan.

And i think they include thos 5 others teams (Milwaukee etc..) but they phrase that wrong.

As for us we'll be in the tax once we give contracts to player to get our roster to 15 (+ 2 two way contracts)
I'm laughing so hard I'm crying. Or am I crying because we have to pay Batum?
At least he's playing well now
ill be your shoulder to cry on bby
Don't use so much hyperbole. We aren't eternal mediocrity. Sometimes we're record breakingly bad. 
Guaranteed loss bc last two games have made me feel like we might be turning things around...so tonight's definitely gonna be bad.
D12 VS Jokic I can't fucking wait 
It would have killed me if MCW yelled AND1!!! during that airballed 3
UHHHHH FUCK A TANK 
I kinda hate Jamal Murray and I'm not entirely sure why
What the fuck are you serious down 8 already
Has Frank gotten worse since his rookie year?
I wouldn’t be surprised if we end up seeing some Kemba/MCW-Barton matchups early on. Lot of it depends on Murray. If he continues his human flamethrower streak, we may see a lot of the Kemba/MCW (MCW taking Murray in this scenario) backcourt pairings we’ve seen the last few games. This is a game where I might not mind MCW closing the game over MKG, strictly from a defensive matchup based standpoint.

Batum/MKG/Lamb split remaining Barton/Harris/Chandler minutes, unless otherwise needed. Hopefully MKG gets the majority of the minutes on Harris, but I don’t think any of those matchups are terrible.
yeah fuck you bot. here for speed not for perfection. eat a dick 
We wouldn’t have won this game without ELITE DEFENDER & 3 POINT SHOOTER MCW.
Tre finally getting some minutes. 

Is it just me or is the new reddit comment overview page the worst thing to happen since digg v4?
Is frank suckin hard or is it just me? 
keep Graham in for the rest of the game please.
Point Dwight all game
Getting blown out by the Suns, can't get any worse
team goes as kemba goes. and he's not good today unfortunately.
Our depth had themselves a game.  Need to close this out.  MCW scoring OMG
fucking troy daniels
Fucking Troy Daniels 
We're actually get spanked silly by fucking Phoenix
Ok i'm done with this game, we don't defend and we play very selfishly, that's everything i hate.
That's maybe our worst game of the season.
Treveon is a fucking beast.
Until Marvin comes back our front court is absolutely awful to watch.
Well,

There goes this game.
Godly game by MCW
5pt game?

Release MCW.
Game day! Let’s go
i felt bad for those pigs :/
Thank god this didn't become a one possession game or you KNOW we would have blown it.
Anybody else in Charlotte with directv getting canes on 646-4 and not the hornets game? So annoying. 
DWIGHT HOWARD IS FUCKING AWFUL HOLY SHIT
I don't think that's a crazy statement for people who have watched the Hornets for a few years. Zeller is irreplaceable 
We need more than 1 player on  our team lol

Gotta fucking rely on Kemba to pull our asses out of the fire against one of the worst ranked teams in the league... pathetic
>maybe our worst game of the season.

[Challenge Accepted](http://www.jamienorthrup.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Challenge-Accepted-Meme.jpg)
Dwight is putting up empty numbers. He doesn't fucking pass, he doesn't fucking move, he sits there on his crusty six children ass and does jack shit. Even Nic Batum and MKG were getting annoyed. We'd be a better team without Dwight.
And who did a fucking pass in this half? No one, so that's not wise to point at Howard when all the others are doing the same. At least he rebound and block shot.
Can’t wait to watch Dragic get crossed up and dunked on in the all star game.
I know this season has been a disaster but you could at least not wear a damn Pacer jersey to one of our games 
MCW is a hard nosed, high character player, the reason kemba recruited him. Unfortunately his inflated rookies numbers in philly will always be his benchmark for comparison which is unfair.
Oh yeah? Well Dragic is #49 and #39 in scoring and assists. You think the NBA could just ignore a guy with numbers that crazy?
*[from the back of the room]* His contract isn't bad.
I was at the game last night and they kept showing this dude.  I had assumed that he was a Hornets employee or something.  That's unreal if he is just some weird guy.
Homie is fucking dusted. 
Imagine if we played like this every game holy fuck. Even MCW was doing O.K.
Kemba Walker would like to remind everyone that not selecting him for the All-Star Game was a horrible decision.
Having Bogdanovic as the starting 3 helps...

But seriously this game an anomaly that you will forget about once you guys make the post season.
Him and Cam have a lot in common.
At least Cam gets some help to get in the playoffs... Kemba is almost a lone man on a mission
I wondered if it's because he's afraid of getting beat if they try to run past him to the paint.. or if it's laziness to put up the effort to recover from that
I didn't happen to catch the whole game in detail... did Nic have a retard looking turn over tonight?
None that stick out in my memory.  MCW had the awful one, but he shouldnt have even been on the court so yeah.
No more heavily contested mid range jumpers from JOB, tragic 💔💔💔
I actually think that the turnover in his staff is exasperating some of his issues, because no one is calling out his bad lineup bullcrap.
We are a few close games from being around .500 and being in the thick of the playoff hunt. We are led by a player who plays a very fun-to-watch style of basketball. I personally enjoy watching every game and attending them in person when I can. Not discounting frustrations with coaching/bench/fourth quarter performance. Just saying being competitive and mediocre, especially in a league that seems destined to be dominated by 3 or 4 teams for the foreseeable, isn't a terrible option.
Unfortunately, the pieces you would move in that case are also the hardest to move.  Batum, Dwight, and less so Marvin that is.
Now this is something I can get behind. Dwight would average 20 a game just off FTs. MKG would basically be hitting 3s with his usual midrange shots.
But imagine getting injured in a game doesn't that matter just to have a chance to play in a game that doesn't matter...

I like the idea though.
You mean like the All Star game?
FUCK MCW
Get Dwight the fuck out of the game.
WE...probably not winning
I actually fucking hate Lance Stephenson
Oh look, Scott Foster did something dumb

Edit:  Holy crap the Pacers announcers are trying to defend that.
Yeah that is Pacers ball.  If you ignore the blatant foul on Turner going over MKG
Seriously get Dwight out now.  This is awful.
WHY IS DWIGHT STILL IN THE GAME. THEY'RE RUNNING A TURNER PICK AND POP EVERY FUCKING TIME ARE YOU BLIND CLIFFORD
Gotta try MKG on Oladipo. "Elite Defender" MCW ain't cutting it.
Why is MCW in the game this late? What can he do that MKG cant?
If we lose this game, there will be basically 2 reasons why:  Dwight Howard, and the refereeing.
 We're being efficient this game, giving the game away in the 3rd

We need a gofundme to get you at every game now 
Bruh, Lance getting hella mad. Dude ain't even worried about the game anymore. 
holy shit this is awful to look at he doesn't fucking move.
Steve Clifford's rigid rotations are going to fucking kill me.
E L I T E defense.  Jk but yeah that shits dumb 
You would.  Im definitely angry about their garbage.
I think it’s definitely his worst trait as a coach
I'm sorry
pathetic
That's just sad, man. That's the league saying we have no stars at all. Maybe if we had played Monk a bit, he'd be a rising star, but no, we're addicted to mediocrity. 
Not sure what's worse, Kemba pressuring out FO into signing MCW or Clifford continuing to play him and touting him as an "elite defender" (I quote this everyday and it still blows me away).
What the fuck??? Yaknow usually I don't buy into the small market bias stuff, but this sucks. Kemba works his ass off and can't get a spot over Dragic?? Jesus.  
That's embarrassing. Dragic is nothing even close to resembling an LL star. Hell, the dude is an average point guard. Giving a team an all star for the sake of having an all star is ridiculous
I am literally disgusted.
I FUCKING HATE THE NBA



KILL ME
I am salty as fuck. Simmons I could get. This I can't. 
Man I can't wait until you give up on insisting on being as stupid as you possibly can every time you post.
Not a fan, tbh. They should have rebranded the logo they were gonna use last year (unless that had a negative connotation to it or something). The NBA is going the way of the NFL and standardizing their logos, which is a bad decision, IMO.
OHHH GOD FUCK ADAM SILVER. FUCKING DRAGIC REALLY?
That's just not nice, Dwight
Guys, WE WON A GAME.

Whats that? It was just the hawks? 


*returns to corner to continue crying about the team falling apart*
Sadly the schedule is weak enough that it might be doable.
I'm scared it'll probably be 17-15 and we'll be in the worst spot imaginable.
If we trade Monk I am fucking done
If we get Brogdon and another piece i'm not against trading Monk. (i know it's not a popular opinion)
Not sure who Bonnell is but if he throws darts to pray something sticks except he's doing it blindfolded while suffering from vertigo, then yeah, probably like Woelful. There's a reason his name sounds like Woeful.
Everyone in our organization is kind of fighting for their jobs, which means bad decisions get made.

This one seems unlikely, and just a matter of some bad reporting.
Bonnell is our beat writer.  He's quite bad.
*starts slow clap*
Averaging -20 a game. Yikes
Worst part is that they've legitimately improved over the past year or two 🙃
Compared to the Panthers, yeah, they're stale.
I offered my skills...and they passed. :(
Why is there that daily 2k thing. It is so dumb. Also, our gifs look like they were made from the budget of a 5th grader. ugh it can be bad :( but i still love them
Not unless we unleash our tank commander: MCW reporting for duty. Expect to see him rolling at least 10 min tonight...
CALL THE FUCKING POLICE!

That dunk was from 2008!
Worst triple double statline ever. 10-11-10.
Gota spread blame. Everyone gets some, except Kemba because he's hard to criticize
It's not his fault just a poor combination of a roster. Our Front Office is so frustrating.
We could probably name at least five players or issues that would have a 4 game effect though, bench sucks, coach sucks, Nic has problems, etc
I think it's based on the coaches' votes, but I could be wrong.
Monk, "This is outrageous! It's unfair! How can I be on this team and not be granted minutes?"

Clifford, "Take a seat, young Benchwarmer."
Doesn't seem so bad in this one..
https://streamable.com/yhf0p
This would have been dumb 
Hell no! Go home Detroit, you're drunk!
That would never work. People would keep confusing Harris for J. Cole and try to make him return to his court side seats.
absolutely awful offer, still good to know we’re not *that* stupid 
Said this in the other thread, but if they are sticking to the guard position I'd say Kemba would make sense. The national media has ad nauseam covered the fact that Kemba's on/off numbers are insane, which may compensate for the fact that our record is trash. 
ily fantastic point im staying on this awful roller coaster with all of you.
You've got to worry about those injuries tho. It could be a scary and terrible contract in a couple years. I think Tobias is an underrated player and is still only 25 but yeah clearly not Griffin caliber. 
If they are sticking to the guard position, I'd say Kemba would make sense. The national media has ad nauseam covered the fact that Kemba's on/off numbers are insane, which may compensate for the fact that our record is trash.
He doesn’t take 3s. FG% is not a very good stat. 
HAHAHAHHAHHAHAHHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHHAHHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHHAHAHAHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Wait, were you serious?
I hate watching this team. 
Do we even need a post game thread?Our game is weak. Zero offense...frank, get your shit together. RIP Marvin..please wrap this fucking season up. 
PS MCW is NOT an elite defender. Fuck you Cliff.
It feels like every other team has a random ass player who goes off for 5/7 from 3 point range against us. Today it was Turner and Oladipo shooting a combined 19/26
MKG needs to start shooting threes. We fucking suck anyways, there's no way he can be as bad as the rest of our team since he's so solid from midrange.
The over confidence in MCW is laughable
I figured standard neurological examinations would include checking for brain slugs

Plus what a slap in the fucking face that is to MKG for him to just say that... MKG must have heard that and been like... wuuuut
Our selection has been consistently bad, the draft may be a crapshoot, but we have missed often enough that I don't think it's our luck.
Look up MKG, Frank, and Cody's rookie season MPG. What we're doing to Monk is ridiculous.
I'm not saying he's bad, but he's not what you hope to get in a #2 pick. 
Does that mean less J.O.B.? 
I remember during our pathetic playoff push in 2014-15, absolutely flipping out at games screaming "get some fucking rebounds" because they'd just trot down on offense, jack up a terrible shot and walk away constantly, literally avoiding offensive rebounds.  We needed to beat the Celtics to have a shot at the playoffs and we got destroyed by 30 points, actively ignoring rebounds, basically running away from them, from every awful shot.
I'm sorry but we are so fucking shitty and miserable to watch. Absolutely zero flow on offense. Everything looks difficult and forced. It becomes especially prevalent in crunch time. 

Clifford needs to go. This roster also needs a massive shake up. I keep hoping we go on a win streak but it's just tough to have faith watching this team play.
Totally predictable 4Q collapse and poor rotation choices. Cannot wait until Clifford's ass is canned
3 fucking turnovers in a row. Dwight posting up in general counts as a turnover btw.
MCW in late game situations = Stealth Tank engaged. 
Just lose badly at this point please
Any shot selection for MCW is ill advised 
MCW is back? Fuck!
Dammit Dwight, at least try to close out.
Pacers are not backing down from throwing hard doubles on Kemba in the p&r.
fuck
Should've known to not bet the over on a fuckin hornets game. We suck 
Usually rebuilding teams take on contracts. See mozgov
I think that is deff part of it. He is trying to make some noise but he is trying too hard.
No idea what this stat is or mean
Anyone who watches the Hornets in close games can attest to the laughably bad sideline out of bounds plays that are run.  

Frank checks in cold to inbound the ball. Three guys do wheel routes intending to get the fourth guy open at the ref’s 4-second count. Invariably, that guy isn’t open, so Frank throws it up for grabs like a QB throwing a Hail Mary pass rather than getting a 5-second violation called. 

So, that’s what an A looks like?


FAKE NEWS
There are no advanced analytics here.  This is just one random dude who doesn't know what he's talking about flinging ratings at a wall.
Yeah with this the data is so impacted by talent and execution and some variance. Scheme level doesn't always align with offensive efficiency and it leads to people who don't know what they're looking at yelling and running in circles confused.
I did look at the methodology.  Far as I can tell it's just you making crap up.
It also shows you how teams like Milwaukee and Washington and OKC are underperforming what they could because of bad schemes.
If you don’t like this, then you don’t like Charlotte basketball!!! Fucking fade me fam
please no.

watching this shit happen in games is bad enough, no one needs a compliation.
Fuck my life 
how can we have kemba fucking walker on our team and be one of the least clutch teams in the league
Bench went 5-23. 18 points by 3 players. Thats why we lost. Starters got tired. Also Ellington has fucked us twice. 
Kemba 4-9, rest of the fucking team 1-16 from 3. wtf????
fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington
Anyone else feel like we could've literally won every game in this series if it weren't for coaching and clutch-time shitness?
Knew it was coming, still disappointed 
Sorry I had to leave after the Wayne 3
Blow this fucking shitty team up. Fire everyone. Trade everyone.

THIS SUCKS, MAN.
What am I missing that is so horrible with Monks game? 
“It’s a make or miss league” fuck this shit
FUCK WAYNE ELLINGTON
I would be legit shocked if they fire Cliff (not saying he doesn't deserve it btw). I'm just saying, dont hold your breath.
fuck off leave them alone
Oh who knew gassed players don't play as well. Kemba played 40 minutes, played a game last night, and traveled. Of course we started missing.
The last time the Hornets hit a clutch 3 against the Heat was Courtney Lee in the playoffs and it was fucking glorious. 

Now. Just fuck us and this team fam.
Honestly I hate myself for it but I hope we trade Kemba and tank at this point. 
Well yeah, we're fucked. We need to blow it all up. 
Monk fell into such a bad situation damn. 
Whoever doesn't know that has never seen us play

The end of every fucking game is Kemba save us

Marvin and Lamb standing in the corners watching... waiting for a pass we know will never come, they don't put pockets on those shorts for a reason
He got 7 fucking minutes. 7!!!!!!!!!
Oh, shit.  Kemba’s  gonna DIE!
that is the worst video you could've found of that meme! :(
He was fun as hell.  Wasn’t always on, but when he was, watch out.  Imagine teams hated having to play a squad with TWO fearless point guards.
Lin really forced Kemba to step up his game too. Lin was unstoppable in those games we won against the Cavs & Spurs 
Troy Daniels was fun to watch whenever he got hot. That ridiculous 3 he made against the kings was insane. The guy just refused to miss a shot that game
Monk me the fuck up.
He injured it when he forced a jump ball with schroder in the 4th. He came up grabbing it and i saw him rubbing it on the bench as well.
MCW questionable. Music to my ears!
Monk US the fuck up
You already know this is gonna be some stupid Kemba/Dwight Pick and Roll followed by an  iso...
Shocking that 13 point 4th quarter wasn't enough to get the job done.

Clifford just fucked it up by not sitting Kemba. He panicked. Not exactly what you want to see.
Marvin's never made a clutch shot in his fucking life
Kemba is STILL in the game yo what
kemba is fucking gassed and everyone else can't hit a bucket
Eric Collins getting hype automatically gets me hyped as fuck. Imma run through a wall to a loop of him yelling "KEMMMMBAAAAA!" 

brb...
KEMBA IS TOO TIRED. HES TRYING BUT HE CANT SINK ANYTHING LIKE THIS
BATUM YOU FUCK 
How else could this game have possibly ended??

El oh fucking el
Our bench is so bad
Guys I'm just saying if we go into these final 3 and a half minutes or so expecting to lose, we may be less disappointed in the end when it does happen


So expect the worst
Ellington kill me fuck this team this is the worst 
Fuck my life
Where the fuck is THE comment?


I am dissapointment
Who else stood up at home and slow clapped Monk onto the court? 
UNOFFICIAL MALIK MONK GAME THREAD
Lamb is just plain awful tonight we really need to trade him before the deadline because i don't think he can maintain what he's done in 2017!
Batum you fucking hamroll
No MCW, so I’m feelin a W.

Also, fuck the Heat.
The Heat are Cold pun intended 
Fucking Kaminsky and his 7ft ass really can’t contest a fucking 3pt shot come on dude 
kemba missed his FT :(
Kemba looking like he’s locked up on monstar mtn. Forced to play games he’ll never win. 
fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellington fuck wayne ellingtonfuck wayne ellington
Fuck the heat 
Fuck da Heat
I fucking hate Ellington
Malik always makes a bad defensive possession when he first comes in but seems to settle in after that
.............. 



god i fucking hate miami
We need to get a Lamb iso counter and Frank bad shot selection 
End my fucking life.
Kinda stupid really. Risks injury and clearly he's not as effective when he can barely catch his breath.
My reaction: "What a terrible shotOH SHIT!!!!"
Why not both?

Seriously though both are streaky
Bad
He is a terrible coach now and needs to be fired
I mean yeah any tanking decision is Cho and MJ. Clifford knows if there's no playoffs this season he's gone.
Fuck the Heat.
Can’t fault him at all tbh. The dude is tired af.
Civrock you crazy for this one
ugh I wanna change it to this from Kemba but I just can't

EDIT: Fuck it, I need to
It took a Friday night home game against the worst team in the NBA but we finally won a clutch game!
That game was beyond horrendous. There were stretches that could hardly be considered NBA basketball. I know we won the game, but this team is seriously awful. We shouldn't be celebrating a "clutch" win against literally the worst team in the league. 
We beat the worst team in the NBA!  That counts right?
They gave it to the wrong guy. Thomas Davis is at tons of Hornets games, is in the Pro-Bowl this year, still *actually plays* for the Panthers, and we were the Bobcats for the entire Steve Smith era (bobblehead promotions are to be taken very seriously).       
I'd rank it right now:

1. Smitty

2. Pep

3. TD

4. Cam
Dwight with these blocks lately has been insane
We're going to lose to the Hawks, aren't we :(
Hawks 13-17 from 3 wtf is going on
Someone at the game start a "Keep Kemba" chat for those of us at home who can't be there!
I think this is a winnable game, even if the Hawks are undefeated. 
Worse than Ramon Sessions.
He is bad
One bad pass two offensive fouls, classic.
Yeah. Silly fouls on the offensive side then a technical, helping Atlanta go on a 12-0 run to get them within 1.
Yeah he has no rythym at all dribbling the ball anymore. Idk how he's regressed that bad.
Not at all. I’m saying we’re too bad of a team for it to matter.
http://www.apbr.org/metrics/viewtopic.php?f=2&t=8196&sid=0664be060c80f0c51874ee4df51cf9c8&start=15

http://holyfield.co/the-number-king/

It's literally objectively worse than anything else you can name.
you mean the nba store doesnt ship there?
Fees and currency and time make it a pretty awful experience
NO MORE J O B!
He'll get injured again but it'll be a random bone bruise somewhere, as is Cody Zeller tradition.
He literally closed this game out for us
Let’s just throw him in the last 4 minutes every game. What’s the worst that could happen.
You mean package him and Kemba for IT? /s
Remember when we were just the worst first quarter team? Those were the days.
Dude Vonleh is still a bum 3 years later. That's a weird stand to make in 2018.
That's bad coaching.
Vintage Hornets game tonight. Worst team in the league in the clutch
That game is on you, Coach. That fucking game is on you.
It was tied.  We had the momentum.  

Offensive foul on Dwight.  

Game over. 
Crunch time offense is literally the worst in the league. I watched every possession and they never even ran a simple pick for the ball handling guard. Literally only dribbling on the perimeter until a big gets post position or the guard has to chuck up an isolation shot. Clifford is a hack fraud.
God this team is awful.
shot less than 30% from behind the arc :/ would have helped to actually hit some shots
No excuse for the end of the first, end of the fourth, or the lineups.

Ice-cold shooting and bad calls didn't help. It's getting to be an annoying trend with how often a poor call has a huge influence on the outcome of a game.
Goodness that is absolutely dreadful 
Kemba sitting on the bench with 4 minutes to go. Baffling. Even if he's struggling to shoot you play him. Cliff has done this a number of times. My buddy texted me this analogy...

"I mean, that's the equivalent of a police negotiator working for hours to get the bank robbers to come out of the bank, they agree, and then at the last minute, he calls their mom's a bitch 19 out of 21 times and they shoot all of the hostages. "

2-19 isn't all bad luck. Coaching is absolutely a factor.
At least this season we got to add all of Dwight's crap to the list of problems.  Those didn't flare up too badly tonight though.
That reffing was bad.  But we are just so so unclutch.  Every team we play seems to have guys that can hit shots within 2 min.  And I always know it's coming.
There were bad calls no doubt, but even without bad calls we would have found another way to lose. We always do.
He is though. Dwight is not the reason for this team underachieving. This isn't another Lance situation. We suck because Batum has been dreadful and we have a bottom third coach that can't develop a system to take advantage of the talents his roster has.
you say that like a mediocre night from the line means he played poorly... that's just completely ridiculous 
Johnny O is stab my eyes out bad
It's been happening since 2001, so yeah.  They totally fucked CLTs fanbase over to have one in Nola.
Fucking Christ.
MJ may have painted his masterpiece with this stupidity. 
Can we stop playing along with the stupid fake news that's not going to happen, just giving these guys clicks we all know this isn't happening
Unbelievable reffing
So this officiating is bad right? 
These refs are fucking awful. 
17 point lead against the Kings to start the 4th - Play Kemba 18 minutes straight

Close game against Pelicans to start the 4th - Kemba still on the bench with 4 1/2 min to go in the game

Makes sense, Coach.
Kemba getting fucked by the refs late in the game? Color me shocked 
eww our arch nemesis that we hardly ever play
2-13 combined between marvin kemba and batum. fuck thats terrible. 
Serious question: Has anyone witnessed MCW make a layup this year?
Totally irrelevant to the game but I ended up at the same crosswalk as Anthony Davis today while in uptown. Was weird.
11th pick here we come. Fucking hate this team.
Cousins is getting frustrated. He's about to go off on us or crumble.
FUCK MCW
WHY IS MCW STILL IN THE GAME
What the fuck is Kemba still doing on the bench 
least clutch team in the league btw
2 terrible turnovers in a row
Just gonna say it. Kemba was terrible today.
I don't care if we're tanking or what the fuck we're doing, I want us to win this one real bad. Fuck the Pelicans.
That was pathetic. Starters play sloppy and the bench was even worse. Can't miss 6 free throws when shots aren't falling
This has been a really ugly quarter.
I throw the game on with 3 minutes to go and this is what i get
I'm prepared to be disappointed 
Seriously this is some blatant stuff.
close game, we're boned
FIRE CLIFFORD! THE BIG RED FUCKING IDIOT.
Fuck it, idc about anything anymore
Is the game close? Don't worry, the refs are there to butcher calls. Again.
Just some real sloppy play from both sides
I for one, don't want to watch Boogie dad-dick JOB for half the game
Well thats 3 bad calls in a row.
Batum has got to get the fuck out of Charlotte. What is that defense man? GIVE A SHIT.
As is tradition when the game is close
Hasn’t been a game this year, that I have seen, where that hasn’t been the case. 
He's shooting very poorly tonight

Monk isnt sniffing this game...
I so badly want the over.....
His level of interest in this game is Frank just drove by him and almost got the and 1.
You mean 2 missed layups tonight MCW? 
The Pelicans have mailed it in since the 1st quarter. It's been a pathetic showing from the Hornets so far.
Shitty coaching. I feel like doing a write up to explain how bad our coaching is so people finally this
We are bad in the crunch. We should probably be hovering around .500

Please do it so everyone knows how bad our staff is.  
Kemba or Drummond IMO. Dragic is quite a bit worse than either of those guys and Wall.
That ain't bad coaching..thats bad talent
I mean we rank extremely low in any measure of shot quality you want to use IIRC.  Which would indicate that no, its bad coaching.
Call me crazy, but I would accept a deal around Jabari Parker and draft picks.
The idea behind trading Walker was never about getting an equal value player back. He was only ever put on the table because they are trying that hard to unload bad contracts, just for the sake of cap relief. If we had dealt Kemba it would have been packaged with a bad contract and getting very little in return.
Lamb is mad greedy. The guys shoots every chance he gets. He's scared Monk's going to replace him. 
Doesn't this mean that J Lamb has 10.95 minutes between every assist, meaning that he beats out Malik in everything other than assisting?
Lamb gets fouled like crazy man.  I knew the refs disrespected him, but it's bad when the fans do too.
It's hard when we blow ten points everytime he gets put into the game. His D game weak-pause
He hit a 3 at the buzzer at the last game I was at.  I think he was as confused by it as the crowd.  We all just kinda looked at each other.
Seriously. He picked up the phone and summarized a conversation. Give this mas a raise! /s
i was joking that the kings game barely even felt like a game
How about fuck no
We would definitely have to throw something else in like MKG for one of their bad deals. TT? I could talk myself into that I guess. Our defense would be terrible but Love and Kemba is a duo you can do something with.
Because it looks dope as fuck
mediocrity! 
I really hate JOB. I don't think until I realized how much he really sucks. Maybe its just tonight, but his movement on the court and way he plays is pretty bad in my eyes.
Vlade was sitting behind the King's bench and a few people stood up in the 3rd Q and started a "VLADE-DIVAC" chant. 
Dude plays hero ball every time he gets in the game. He can’t help but take shots when he gets the ball. 
Compared to Cliff's usual DNPs, I guess he wasn't lying ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
seriously. the negativity is brutal. 
This guy Hornets

I was at the game, same feeling, at least I look like an ass for predicting a loss by 1 or 2
No you're right, he's terrible. He shoots the ball every time he touches it. He has irrational confidence in his shitty jumpshot. And don't even get me started on his postups. I just wish guys wouldn't pass him the ball because it's almost always a guaranteed brick.
Ill believe it when I see it
Seriously guys what the fuck is happening with Monk? Did he have sex with Clifford's wife or something??
You mean over the rest of the season I assume
:(
Graham going for 30 don't @ me.

Seriously though what even is "axillary abscess"? 
That sounds painful as fuck 
Armpit zit.  But worse.
According to Dr Google, it's pretty disgusting.
Fucking hell why did I search it up even after 3 people explained it 


Disgusting
My bad guys, I forgot that the Hornets sub is no place for jokes.  Ill try to clean it up for you
Steve Urkel would have a tough time negotiating, but  Stefan Urquelle.....
We’re going to fucking lose aren’t we?
I hate Brogan
Fire Clifford. Gahdamn he sucks. Maybe the roster isn't as bad as we think just the rotations and crunch time performance is ass cheeks.
Why is Kemba still in to start the 4th when we're up 17?? Fucking Clifford
I mean eventually the dude has got to get minutes 
Just pulled a close one out against the worst team in the NBA. 
And if they can call a foul on review, couldn't they also rescind a foul on review? So could they have reviewed Dwight's foul on Olynyk at the end of the Heat game?
Thanks.

But holy garbage are those awful.  Outside of trade 1 Pelton halfway needs to apologize for even proposing them.
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say they're mainly bad trades. 
He literally has a torn ligament in his elbow.  The fact that our organization thinks it's okay for him to be playing is absolutely insane.

And no, that trade is totally laughable.  You would be giving us a pick and Exum at minimum for Kemba and Batum.
OMG you weren't kidding. It just got worse as it went along. My goodness...
Trade 1 is the only one that has even a chance of being discussed.  Those offers are awful.
Eh, Pelton knows his stuff fairly well.  I would be surprised if they were just outright awful.

Edit:  Scratch that, those trades are awful.
In order:

* Melo has one of the worst contracts in the league.  Like it's comparable to Dwight's in quality relative to play.
* The Pacers intentionally took a bad offer to hurt the Cavs.  It just happened to work out right.  Further, they had no leverage because they had to deal him.  Which we don't have to do.
* The Bulls took a bad deal because their FO is bad, but they had to make a deal.

>Teams know we need to trade Kemba because we wont be able to afford him 

If teams are working under this assumption then they're sorely mistaken.  We do not have to deal Kemba, and that makes a huge difference.
Are you saying the Pacers took a bad offer on purpose, to hurt their division rivals?
Dwight is way worse than his stats though so IDK about that.

Then again, so is Melo.
I'm not looking back through quotes from 7 months ago for some random argument.  He and Cleveland's GM both said that they refused to trade him in conference for the sake of competing for the playoffs.
How do you not understand that that contract ceases to be a bad contract when you add Kemba to it.  Kemba far outclasses the bad contract because of how little money he makes.
Bring alcohol to every game and pray they don’t choke.
I'm sorry.
Run before it's too late
At least Batum’s trade value went up i guess
Disappointed,

But not surprised.
Fuck miCHAEL JORDAN

FUCK MICHAEL CARTER WILLIAMS

FUCK ZION WILLIAMSON

FUCK DUKE

FUCK MICHAEL JORDAN

FUCK THE HEAT

FUCK THE NBA

FUCK THE REFS

FUCK THIS GIRL I WANNA FUCK

FUCK THIS TEAM

FUCK ADAM SILVER
Coach Clifford is ripping the team apart on the post game holy shit
What's the fucking point anymore I am so fucking angry ,my night has been ruined
Im so fucking heartbroken for you. FUCK THE REFS
I hate basketball
Disappointed, but not surprised.
That is absolutely the worst foul call I have ever witnessed. That ref should be fired immediately. Such bullshit.
Well that's the way the season goes. Wtf
Fucking iron law of NC pro sports...
Pathetic all around.
 With Dragic out, maybe they trade their superstar Wayne Ellington for all our bad contracts 
If Batum had any honor he would restructure his contract. He is literally stealing money. Maybe the worst contract in NBA history. 
Shame on the coaches. Shame on the FO. SHAME ON MJ. Shame on everyone but Dwight and Kemba. Disgraceful. Disgusting. Heads must roll for this. 
This!

People saying don't trade Kemba why? Loyalty?

We need to move in the rebuild stage. This teams has bad contracts and if we can shed salary and get some picks by trading Kemba do it.

We aint going anywhere with this team.
I don't know what to say other than we're all in this miserable hell together man
Ill give you a hug
You're all in on no hope because of MJ.. it could be worse though

And even if not.. a drowning man will grasp for a floating straw.. MJ is our straw if not our drift wood
If you think the Owner is so terrible why even follow the team? An owner can't fire himself, It's HIS TEAM!! He's not going anywhere so why even have hope if you believe he's the primary reason for the Teams failures? 

No sense in setting yourself up for Disappointment. 
Arsenal. Nuff said :(
Nonsense, Boston has awful issues with this.
welp I have it saved for the next tragic loss
Knicks aren't giving up Ntilikina AND a first round pick AND taking back a shitty contract.

They *might* do 2 out of 3 of those things.

**Its not that Kemba ain't worth it.** The Knicks just need so much and that deal would not allow us to add anything for years. We already have Joakim Noah horrible horrible contract.

Respect the Hornets and their fans a lot.. The Knicks just don't have the assets you want


Knicks fan here. Allow me to propose a trade.

Hornets receive: Kristaps Porzingis, Frank Ntilkina, Tim Hardaway Jr., Enes Kanter, the Knicks 2018 1st round pick, the Knicks 2020 1st round pick, and the Knicks 2022 1st round pick.

Knicks receive: Dwight Howard, Nicolas Batum, Marvin Williams, and Dwayne Bacon
Fuck that. 
That is a god awful trade. Frank N can't play offense at all. Can we stop drinking the New York media Kool Aid on him and realize that the Knicks would be a playoff team with Kemba? I don't think either of those pieces are building blocks at all. 
TIL Frank Ntilikina being bad at offense is inexcusable but everyone saying Monk is only 19 and saying he's worse than Mitchell is unfair. Ntilikina is fucking 19 and was known to have shotty offense coming into the NBA. You can learn offense in the NBA. Defense is much more difficult to learn.
Uh-uh.  There is absolutely, positively, no way in hell any trade for Kemba won’t include a contract dump.  It makes zero sense to trade Kemba alone and be left with the bloat the idiots in the front office let happen.  Batum or MKG are handcuffed to any Kemba trade.
Whoms't'd've cutting onions in here
Idc if we're the 8th seed, I want to make the playoffs so bad this year.
I’m so fucking done.
I'm about to appreciate Kemba so hard
Unleash Monk! Surely he could help our stale secondary unit. How about we spend 23 seconds looking for a terrible shot over and over again...
Kemba with the fucking emotion!
wtf grab the ball
WHAT THE FUCK
We are terrible in clutch games. Terrible. 
Kemba getting a minimum of 30pts this game.

BET.
Everyone is off :(
That was insane.
FUCKING END MY LIFE
Bruh Kemba is ANGRY. I’m highkey scared dude. I wish he could transfer this into a massive performance.
Fuck the entire team, trade everybody, don't give a shit. 
FUCK WAYNE ELLINGTON 
BLOW IT THE FUCK UP! ITS FUCKING FATE OR DESTINY.
Fuck that i want to see him put up 50 with 0 assists. 
I mean i’m a fan because I’m from Charlotte. I’ll always support my Charlotte teams of all sports, even if we suck and do depressing shit like potentially trading Kemba. 
Isn't this a game thread?
Dude, don't act like it's a crime against fandom to say this shit is gonna be a nightmare. Without Kemba and Batum we have nobody who can create for others. We will have the worst offense in the league and a shitty defense as well. And of we trade now, we will get nothing to build for the future leaving us with a miserable team, lacking future talent and with nothing of value for the present. 
Damn, must’ve either misheard Eric or he got it wrong. Sorry boys.
> That is of course we get some ridiculous package in return

Yea I do not believe they are going to give him away for a stupid offer, that would make no sense at all for them.  That being said, everyone has a price, and if the price is right then we'd be stupid not to at least listen
My crazy theory about Paige is that MJ is just showing his UNC bias in a really ugly way. 
The crazy thing Mathiang isn't even that young, he's 25
MJ would trade 50 people buying a Marcus paige jersey over developing talent and maybe some unc fans will go to swarm games because of him. It's the sad truth
It's not about them being better. It's about the guys who we signed to NBA contracts are worse than random G League players who likely will never be called up. It's another example of terrible talent evaluation and even shittier development
I saw this today and was irrationally annoyed because of the reality of our situation 
Blaming our situation on our coaching is a horrendous take. We have a ton of mediocre players signed to bad deals, how can a coach fix that?
You arent just coached horribly. You are GM'd horribly. You have a 27 yr old all-star, Dwight Howard and scrubs eating up all your cap.
We have a coaching staff that REFUSES to adapt in-game and in game prep. 
Minnesota has a much worse FO + Coaching Staff than us though.  I dont want to make Kemba go through that.
dwight about to get 50 postups per game just like he always wanted
Dude that difference for treveon is insane tho. 
Triangle area.

The Hornets are the basketball team I pay attention to when I want to feel awful about everything.

(kidding... *almost* entirely)
Does your poll mean Greenville SC or NC? Because it's SC for me
smh no love for Wilmington on the poll
Maybe I'm stupid but I believe him.
This is it. Everyone gets too hype by a vague Woj tweet. 
If you saw the MCW meltdown on Wednesday night then you know losing Kemba would absolutely mean we have entered “trust the process” territory 
We are the worst team in the league if we don't have kemba. That drop off is crazy
And they would still get the draft picks wrong
I'm tearing ya'll :(

I don't want him to go


Whatever happens I will always appreciate that he's dragged through the thick and thin of this horrible franchise, always acted as professional as can be, and always showed his respect to everyone involved
why did my comment about rick bonnell being annoying get deleted?
Cavs are going to be desperate 
Are there are any non-kemba/dwight trades here?


We need a backup PG badly and I'm not sure what's avaliable
Monk with at least 25 mins per game would be a necessity 

not thrilled about it, but it's probably a talent upgrade, let's do it.
you mean get KLove and KLeonard without losing kemba
I think I like the trade, especially the picks and Murray. Do you think we just wait out Gasol's awful contract then? 
I would rather do the smaller version of that trade with just Dwight for Shumpert and Frye and Osman than take on of the few contracts worse than Batum's because the guy holding them can't even play minutes.
We don't consider that.  Reggie's contract is so bad.
this is terrible for ORL. Which means there's probably a 15% chance they do it anyway.
Bradley was just dealt, and Cleveland can not deal their 2018 first.

Further, let's say this trade were possible:  That would be absolutely horrid.  Dwight for Frye + Thompson is bad, and Kemba for Ish, Stanley, and 2 bad 1sts is also awful.
Why would we trade MKG and Kemba together. They're both on affordable contracts. We're trying to unload expensive contracts.
When Kemba's PER > those players' combined :(
If we trade Kemba and Monk doesn't get 15 shots a game I will fight Cho irl
Impossible.
So he's a negative then.
Anytime you can trade Kemba for a substantially worse PG on a worse contract just to pick up a non-lottery pick, you've gotta do it.
Sorry that’s the pick I meant, I would prefer we don’t lose Kemba though
MKG appeared on Woj's list of contracts we allegedly tried to deal but couldn't find interest for.  Which is why we're getting offers for him, not saying he's actually a bad deal.
We would have to waive JOB and Stone to create the slots.

But there's also the issue of that trade being awful for us.  We get virtually nothing back.
You can’t even give batum away with that contract. It’s fucking awful. 
Did we not say we’d be willing to move him as well in an offer that relieve us of bad contracts?
Still not close.  There really is no way the Nuggets get Kemba without one of 3 things:  Include Harris, Include Murray, someone does something stupid.
If we're getting nothing in return, then we aren't going to give up actual something like Frank or MKG.

This is incredibly bad.  The GM who suggested this would be drawn and quartered in the public square.
Like I said, itd have to be a combination. Howard and Walker alaries conbine to equal almost 37 million. To trade Howard and Walker to the Cavs the Hornets would have to take back something like Thompson, Shumpert and Frye. Theyd be trading an Allstar caliber player and a bad contract fpr 2 bad contracts and an expiring one. Even with the Nets pick attached, it doesnt make sense for the Hornets. 
And take on Reggie's which is just as bad if not worse.
Oh my bad. Thanks!
I disagree.  Kaminsky is no more crowded out then than he is now because he cant defend the 4 in the slightest.
k you went personal and this is over, especially since you're attacking claims I didn't even make.  You can continue being stupid -- it's on you now.
No. The salary tax line is 119. We have just under 117. So...*your* evaluation of our financial situation is wrong. Don’t know how you’re literallly making shit up.
Yeah. If the tax line stays the same...which it won’t. So again you, sir, are the wrong one who should be “giving up”.
Roosters on College St. makes a mean steak.
What do you say on the idea?  Absolutely a bad idea, or a necessary evil?  Something in between?
He coukd if the office knew what they were doing for the past decade.
I have already gone through all stages of grief and denial and everything else


It is not even 8AM PST.

Whatever.
Not sure why we didn't wait 2 weeks to announce this. So dumb. We will know by the end of the month if we have a chance at the playoffs or not. Cho is an idiot. Its very possible we finish this month 11-3 with an easy schedule to finish the season. But if we finish 7-7 then blow it up.

Edit - Even if it didn't come from Cho hes an idiot for thinking he could do it without leaking. It's even worse that Kemba had to hear it from outside the organization. 
Hornets say no.  Exam has very little value and is supposed to be the centerpiece of that trade.
What are they doing wrong in the FO?
True, but that's also the worst franchise ever. Literally.
yep so tanking now is really really stupid 
Not one of those guys are tradeable at their contracts.

You can argue that Williams may be, but I seriously doubt it.

We would have to add a heavy sweetener like MONK or ...KEMBA to trade Batum with his injured elbow.
Hi guys Blazers fan here, from what I’ve seen, Marvin’s contract doesn’t seem that bad from the production he’s given. Has he been on and off this year?

What I’m trying to say is I wouldn’t be disappointed if we traded for Marvin. 

As for Batum, that sucks, when healthy he’s a solid option on offense. I would take him back in a heart beat if it weren’t for that contract.
Bucks are about the only team I could see swinging for Dwight, they need a center and they know it. 

Batum...yeah, that's not happening unless we give up Kemba and take back basically nothing except horrible matching salary.

Marvin and Lamb are our two most valuable non-Kemba/Monk player assets at this point, which is seriously depressing.
We’re actually trying to attach one or two of those contracts to Kemba in a trade.  I doubt we would trade Kemba without unloading some of our bad money
MKGs contract isn't too bad.
He's shooting 30% this season. And his misses are really bad ones. You can tell a lot by the way someone misses their shots 
EVERYBODY PANIC 

On a side note Kemba also said “I would be devastated if I were to get traded”

I blame Batum and the front office, If it werent for that awful contract and his poor play we wouldn’t be here right now talking about this
Literally my fucking luck. As soon as I post that thread this happens.

:(
As an NC native that’s since moved to the West Coast, I still try to support this team but they make it so fucking hard to do so.
Man :/
This is crap. This organization sucks.
Yep, but it sounds like we've been taking shots and got rejected. It's such a shame, I thought that MKG deal was going to be a steal when we signed it :(
I hate to be the asshole here. But technically it should be DEFCON 1. DEFCON 5 is normal peacetime conditions. DEFCON 1 means imminent threat/danger. 
The Batum contract is so bad it is going to cost us Kemba. WOW.
Fuck this. Fuck everything about this, fire Cho Fire Clifford, trade everyone else...

Kemba is the only reason to root for this club right now and I'm just so pissed of 

FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK UGH UGH UGH 
Looking at the NBA thread of this, Raptors fans are fucking assholes.
I honestly fucking hate MJ 
Fan base is shredded if they do this. Kemba's loyalty means something. 

Unless it's San Antonio and Kemba wins a ship then no. 
NOOOOOOO FUCK WE ACTUALLY CAN MAKE A PUSH FOR POST SEASON FUCK NOOOOOOOO
Fuck.
I wake up to this shit what the fuck.
NO NONO NONO FUCKING END ME FUCKING END ME😭😭😭😭
If we don’t get that Brooklyn pick and Thomas from the cavs I m gonna be mad
well... fuck
What bullshit! 

If all our bad contracts are still there because no one wants them (as reported) then what is the point of trading Kemba?
Looking at his 2015-16 stats, did your front office seriously give a league average starter 5 yrs 120 mil?
Might mean that monk is finally unleashed though. Not a great silver lining, but it's something. 
> I kinda agree that the already lacking local support for the franchise 

I mean they might lose some money, but I'm thinking, we already survived being the Bobcats, I mean it can't get any worse than that
He is really bad also he hates Monk so I am not a fan to say the least.
Based on the article Woj posted, seems like getting rid of bad contracts would be a requirement for a deal to happen. I'm with you, it needs to be that Batum contract.
Nope knowing this fucking idiot organization we'll get a wank return for him and whatever draft picks we do get will turn out rubbish because our coaching will not play them and they don't know how to develop players
Losing Kemba guarantees we’ll stay mediocre for a long ass time
So this would be worse than moving the team? 
Yes, now, but did you talk to any the past 4 years?
Why would they want to go into the 30th anniversary season, when Charlotte is going to host the All-Star game, without their only all-star in ages, in full-on rebuild mode? At least keep this team together until the end of next season so the fans aren't completely miserable!
No. This guy is crazy. Theoretically trading Kemba isn’t the worst call. I’m just worried we will fuck up another rebuild. 
that means you are trading Walker for a half season of injured IT and a pick that is not currently top 5. Bad trade
Do we even have a back up pg :(
Anyone else feel like we should be including the Bobcats in these things? I don't like the idea of ignoring that era, no matter how awful it may have been at times.
I'd be shocked if they didn't have nods to the Bobcats, but there isn't a ton to celebrate about that era.
I'm drunk go Dwight 
>I think we need to focus on utilizing our great pieces

I think the writing on the wall is we have been doing that for 3+ years now and have failed, miserably.  This year was supposed to be the year things finally came together, and it turns out things are even worse 
The author proposed a lot of bad trades in recent articles.

A month ago it was the same trade but with MKG instead of Batum.

He also proposed trades around Anthony Davis going to... surprise... the Celtics or the Lakers! Why would the Pels part ways with a top5 player who's in the beginning of his contract?
It's become my game day ritual. 
MKG kills our momentum and is awful on this team! ^^^^^/s
there was this dude sitting behind me in a tom brady jersey and he kept screaming shit like "Oubre you still suck!"

wish i'd gone to this one. I nearly did, but decided I didn't want to risk the idiot drivers out here today
God damn it I had to go to a D&D game after the first quarter. Hate to miss a game like this. Team was beyond on fire.
Yes please... I was supposed to be at this game but got snowed in and so bummed about missing this
Frazier got kicked for DC. Not precisely sure why he freaked out other than just being mad in general.
No. Randle is the antithesis of what the Hornets need to be. Selfish, poor defense, and low basket IQ. 
I mean we'd have Kaminsky, Marvin, Randle, and I guess JOB.
> we get Randle and move Kaminsky to the five... Then what? 

Then every team we play will work like hell to develop a post game and use Frank the Clank’s minutes to destroy us.
Makes no sense at all. Does he know how many of us would kill to have his job?  And he just acts miserable
I mean, if you covered the Bobcats since 2005, you'd probably hate the team too.
While I do think we missed out on a definite all star and potential superstar, I hope monk can turn into something close just to ease the pain. We should feel bad but we shouldn't feel as bad as the nuggets.
26 points in six games. THATS OVER 4 POINTS A GAME, FUCK MONK JUST KEEP GIVING MCW MINUTES
THIS CROWD IS FUCKING LIT
Looks like Frank's ankle wasn't as bad as it looked since he just got upgraded to "probable" for this game.
Man Wizards are playing soooooo bad, maybe Monk will get some quality burn tonight. 
Are we doing something well or are the wiz doing something terribly?
Monk and Bacon subbed in.

Crowd goes crazy.

Monk bricks 2 shots.

Bacon airballs.

It was going so well WHY.
How on earth was that not a flagrant?  Excessive contact with no play on the ball.  I assumed the review was just F1 or F2...
He may look like crap for weeks at a time but doggone it this bench mob is Frank Kaminsky's time to shine.

Hm. That came out meaner than I thought it would.
Do Hornets usually get every call? 
Somehow Monk truthers will still find a way to turn a 20 point lead against a playoff team into a negative.
We need Cody badly. Any word on how his rehab is going?
we move the ball better than we usually did this season. But the Wizz play very bad defense also.
Wizards are playing bad defense, and we're making a lot of shots we don't usually, but also the offense isn't bogging down.
The Hornets and losing :(
it would function very badly
I remember than guy trying to tell me, completely seriously (presumably) that Lamb was a liability.
Weve been outscored when Frank's been on the court.  Mostly because of the stupid minutes we stuck him at the 4.  But still, he has had very little impact on this game.
Yeah I didn’t see anything either. My guess is something between MCW and Jason smith building up and MCW mistook what happened and got mad
Nah, Im usually neutral on refereeing.  This one has demonstrable errors in both teams favor.
but maybe i got it wrong because i find it hard to believe since he was supposed to be back in February.
No, the Hawks were mediocre cause they made the playoffs for like 10 straight seasons while never being a threat. We aren't ever in the playoffs so how the fuck are we mediocre? Over half the teams every year make it
too bad none of our low picks ever panned out besides Kemba
We are bad. Plain and simple. Just cause we are usually 3 or 4 games better than teams who pick in the top 8 doesn't make us mediocre. It just makes us worse at being bad. We don't even try to be bad but are bad anyways. Yall wanna bitch about always doing the 35 win bullshit but then can't accept that equals bad. 
Stay off the **WEE- DUH** man
nic- i mean, 

dank.
Our back up frontcourt is fucking JOB and Mangok. Wake me up when Cody heals.
This may hint at an upcoming injury announcement regarding Frank's ankle which he twisted during the Pistons game yesterday... it looked quite painful.
Mavs almost got one :/ 
Well that's us continually fucked with a 30 lb heavier Howard. 
I'm outraged for them
Stanley Johnson is just a worse MKG. Pass
I mean we got Howard in exchange for Plumlee.
He is not better than JLin, are you kidding?  Look at their career stats, straight up, which are almost dead even, and he's two years older and having a terrible year.
Yeah and that was a bit of a dumb trade, but this would be even stupider.  There's a 0% chance that would ever happen.
I set up a projector in the storage room at work to watch this game lol[https://i.imgur.com/n1Nwylq.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/n1Nwylq.jpg)
Goddamn, game is blacked out on PSVue in Durham. I have to illegally stream every Hornets game it's ridiculous. 
Frank's ankle looked painful... ouch.
If we lose this fucking game after being up 18 with less than 5 minutes to go...
I hate watching Dwight just do nothing on defense. Didn't even try to contest the Ish Smith jumper at the end of the half.
Yep. Raleigh too. Frustrating.
None of them would be bad but I guess. Deff need to go with a PF or PG
[Looks like the parade and all the events were Saturday](http://www.charlotteobserver.com/news/local/article194315224.html) except a few things happening by 10:30 this morning.

Seems like we have a noonish game every year at some point
That's nuts. What, do they think we should be at the game? In Detroit?
The only thing Silas has shown any talent for is adjusting and trying new, stupid lineups. Cliff never would have tried a 4 guard plus Frank group out there
for all you fools saying we should trade him for Fultz who has a worse shooting form than MKG, or Frank Nkliklilkita and Courtney Lee or the Brooklyn pick and Shumpert or whatever the fuck you guys want. 
He's not Dirk or Duncan, sorry but just no.
He's a miserable person and takes delight in making others miserable too. #DoTheMath
Rick bonnell is a complete fucking moron. 
What the fuck.  
Seriously though, dude is from ATL and ain't ever have Bojangles?
Come on down to a game and get you some Bo's man
Ramon sessions just got cut. Him and MCW would make a mean 1-2 punch for the tank 
Your while basis is absurd since you think averaging 14 PPG is "ability to score at will"
Is it bad that I still want to like him? Because he at least hustles. He's hot garbage, but he really tries. That being said he's out of the league at the end of the year.
It’s even worse if Cho is letting Kemba make roster decisions. 
Had to go and turned the game off at the half time. This is the text I received from my mother. https://imgur.com/a/ohdqP
What this game taught me:

Get Steven Adams on this team.
We were bad, that's all there is to it. Starters couldn't buy a basket, and Lamb had a rough outing as well.
I really dont...  Like I see the argument youre trying to make, but its a terrible one with no grounding in the English language.

And before you say it, there is still a difference in calling someones argument terrible and attacking them.
If we get Curry Monk would basically be useless.
Agreed. Gonna be hard to move Batum though.
Understandable. The kids behind me at the game wouldn't STFU about him being there. Weren't paying attention to the game at all. 

I can't imagine playing when you know he's watching and analyzing your every move, and he's your boss. 
oh HELL yeah i forgot about that, Refs were trash that game
Thunder fan here (in peace) quick question: what's up with Malik monk? He was crazy hyped out of college then i heard he had that crazy game with like 6 threes or something and then never heard of him again, is he playing well?
So MJ attends, we are wining and Malik gets minutes in the game.... coincidence?
First Hornets game I’ve been to in a fucking minute. Looking forward to it. 
I can't think of a bad thing to say about Treveon.
5 minutes. 
11 points down.
Can we do it?
No we fucking can’t.
Talk about a loaded question...

1/2 of our fan base thinks that we should blow it up and build around Monk

1/2 of our fan base thinks that Monk is the worst defender in the NBA and has extremely questionable shot selection

As far as your question goes, he got a lot of burn at the beginning of the season because Nic Batum and MCW missed multiple weeks each. When those guys came back his minutes got cut because he is truly horrific at playing defense, a bit of a chucker on offense, and our coach/owner are in win-at-all-costs mode.
Ouch, effort problem or is he just not able to play defense (like lillard for example)
Lamb is a better defender and rebounder than Batum. Batum's defense is seriously terrible now
http://www.espn.com/nba/tradeMachine?tradeId=yccc2xo9

I solved the Dwight sucks issue. Cavs add their pick.
Bad Dwight showed up where he makes terrible decisions and eats clock with post play that goes nowhere.

e: Oh, and he was 2 of 8 from the charity stripe in the 4th.
No you didn't. You made the issue a lot worse
Here's another reason we aren't trading him: Charlotte has the All-Star game next year. 

I seriously doubt that MJ is going trade away the only hope we have at being competitive, and put us in a position to be the laughing stock of the NBA the year that we get the All-Star game.
I don't think that's OP's point. The article he's talking about was that the luxury tax was the reason why we should trade Kemba (which is beyond insane) and pointing out that is the last of our concerns right now.
we’ve always been a laughing stock sadly
"We can't be a terrible team while we have the All Star Game!! We gotta win at least 14 games before All Star Break 2019!! That'll show the league!!"

- MJ
I don't want Fultz. He's broken. I don't know how or why, but he's broken.
Mitchell: 35 points in 36 minutes
Monk: Zero. Fucking. Minutes.

End me please.
Seriously, what are we missing!? I do not understand
At least Frank and two firsts, unprotected
> all we have to do is give him assurances that we are improving

-soooooo...lie?

You got nothing coming down the pike. Mid-round picks, Kaminzky, Howard and Monk. Does MKG still play?

i understand why the fan base would want to cling to the guy like grim death, but c'mon now..if he re-signs he's basically saying he wants that 5th year money and that's all. I'm not sure he's the type to sell out... 
How so? I'm seeing in his last 8 games (since coming back from injury) he's averaging 21/5/4 on 47% fg and is taking just under 17 shots per game. He has been cold from downtown though 
Holy fuck Kemba is hype
Man, Kemba plays nasty defense when he wants to.
Ngl I'm starting to get really annoyed at the "_____'s fan here! Would you take____ for Kemba?"
Upvote to not blow the late lead
Why tf is MJ at this game? Bruh go play golf, you don’t care about this team.

Highkey hope we lose by 50 just so this ‘owner’ can help do something about it.
reeeeeeee game rigged!!!!!
Didn't know it was getting that serious over there. Oh well fuck the Hawks and falcons!
Even accounting for the fact that we knew going in he was a terrible offensive player, it really is impressive just how bad he's managed to be.
What I really don't understand is how he's not getting chewed out every damn day for his crazy inefficient but all-too-frequent shot attempts. This guy is probably the worst offensive player on our team, you'd think they would rein him in a little. 
yeah fuck that... would be worse than the Wallace trade
Dang that sucks he probably couldn’t even work like that.
Things we're looking forward to most -

1) Kemba

2) Frank v Kelly Olynyk

3) Flashes of DMVP Dwight

4) Flashes of Dwight when he was terrible and on the Hawks

5) Kemba
I FEEL AWFUL THINGS ABOUT IT 
We are not good are we?
Classic Hornets L. Get your fans invested in your success again then tragically lose in a close game to an awful team.
The worst part of this team is having to watch poor Stephanie Ready find the silver lining after every one of these horrible losses. 
I mean, what else is there to say?

We've been saying the same shit all fucking season long. 

Doesn't appear that we'll stop anytime soon.
The worst clutch time offense in the NBA doing work again.
So we can all agree Batum is bad right 
Batum and DH12 should not have finished the game.

Frank and Lamb was the move it's so fucking obvious. 

Atrocious coaching and the reason Dwight was always on the bench to end Hawks games last year. Massive liability. 


"Well, at least nobody died on the court."
Well put unfortunately
God damn we are 15-24. It could be much much much MUCH worse.
And in record, were only the 9th worst team in the NBA. 
We are way worse than our record indicates imo 
For those that don't know what a schedule alert is. Based on a statistical formula that takes into account travel, rest, sleep, etc this game has the biggest rest advantage out of any game this season.
Fuck!
When you're a bad basketball like the Charlotte Hornets, these scheduled advantages don't apply. 😂😭😂 
Malik Monk is in the game! This is not a drill!!
Batum is fucking miserable. $120 million for nothing. 
One thing I hope we can all agree on:

Frank's new haircut is horrible
Just checked the box score, holy fuck get kemba some help
Ooooooooooh boy. Can't wait to read the post game thread.
Just fucking tank and put us out of our misery. Give Monk 25+ min a night. Shutdown Batum. Trade whoever another team deems valuable on this atrocity. 
WTF WAS THAT DWIGHT!?!?
WHAT THE FUCK MKG
Jesus fuck man, this team.
At some point you think they'd give Monk some burn with Kemba? I'd at least like him to get a few shots in his limited minutes. Seems like he's often open on the perimeter when Frank awkwardly drives.
Careful bro. You'll anger the Monk truthers
> checks username

What in the fuck 
Nah, I mean I'm shocked he has this post. Generally it's some random user from another sub or some "fan" who only posts here when he thinks it's popular it tear it all down. I didn't expect him to post such a terrible trade 
Idk I don’t hate it but we will know by the trade deadline what the plan for the team is.  If we trade significant pieces we are in rebuild mode.
We suck**.**

Therefore we shouldn’t trade for anyone unless we’re getting picks back. Or someone gives us a stupid trade. (Howard,Dwight)
I mean, have you seen how bad our bench is???
God this is an awful trade
We traded a lottery pick for Marco Belinelli, we could do much worse than Mirotic. Not to mention we get a backup PG that isn't MCW, and we get rid of Batum's albatross contract.
I see no greater upside for losing. 
The second option is my worst nightmare but deff going to happen.  Those of us on the tank side of things obviously hate losing but if we lose at least there is a slimmer of hope. Currently there is no major upside in this roster.  So either we have hope or as a fan you are fine with the hornets making the 7-8 seed every other year and getting bounced.
I am 100% sure he would either rot on the bench or turn into the worst 3 point shooter ever cause Hornets.
I wish I could report this team for just being awful 
disregarding the insane difference in value, I think we're done with building around guards and wings with poor offensive games.
He is a bust and should be moved before he has no more value. 
Yeah that was a crazy game. Double OT afternoon game. 
What a game that was!!
What is actually wrong with him? Does anyone know? 
I'm just scared that all these stupid blown games through November and December are going to come back and haunt us.
Don’t tell the truth it hurts :(
After tonight, he's 50 3's behind Dell, 935 points behind Dell, 179 FTs behind Crash, 848 FGM behind Dell, and a whopping 2968 Assists behind Muggsy.
Damn, Muggsy was a twisted assister 
this is so wholesome wtf
The Hornets social team is frankly horrible.
At least we beat them in one category. 

>Turnovers

Never mind...
I am also confused... I have no idea what this means... dig?  Are we supposed to fill in the cloud with something contextual? 
It's a joke about how Clifford's defensive schemes give up a lot of open 3s. Somebody correct me if I'm wrong but "dig" is a coaching term used to tell guys to help off the perimeter into the paint, something we tend to do a lot that allows shooters to go off against us. One of those things we always hear Cliff screaming from the sideline.
I guess Monk fucked all of the coaching staff's wives or something
Fuck you NBA that counted in my heart
Wow this lakers team is truly pathetic
¿Why the fuck do we let JOB chuck it but not Monk?
Duh man JOB is a noted defensive stopper

/s
I mean he was literally our pick before Monk dropped
Rick Bonnell is a worthless hack who has produced some of the most useless content I have read from a so called "sports writer' the dude should not cover the NBA at all. 
It gets on my nerves because Monk was the obvious selection where we were at. You can’t get mad at the FO for picking Monk it’s stupid. We didn’t reach you could say.

Edit- if you look at his responses in the tweet he basically defends Mitchell so he is implying that we made a mistake, not his first tweet about this either along with other blog sites.
He's the worst. Especially when he feels obliged to tweet "Shot clock." every time a shot clock violation happens.
Exactly my point. If I was Monk I would hate it here. We like to hate on ourselves. There were plenty of teams that passed on Mitchell, Hornets fans are one of the few that obsess over missing someone when in reality this pick was the obvious choice and I think Bacon will be a steal.
It's so annoying. If Monk got drafted by the Pistons or Jazz and was playing 30+ minutes and averaging 20+ points a night, he'd be tweeting the same shit about him. Bonnell is miserable and misery loves company, so he likes to stoke the flames just to feel good about his negative opinions.
Well at least he responded to you, he just blocked me. 
that post is exactly what i hate about the draft rants.
I agree I just don’t think it’s the job of the people covering our team to be pushing this narrative this early in their careers.  It wasn’t like Monk was a dumb pick like we were crazy for picking him over Mitchell. Monk and Bacon have raw talent and I think can be good role players one day.  I mean every team can go back to a daft and say we missed him but why is our news media already setting up Monk to be hated.
Did you even read the fucking scouting reports on Gobert and Giannis? Gobert was a string bean draft and stash and Giannis was a complete question mark with one professional season in a bad league. /u/Triggerman77 this type of shit is what I was trying to disprove but alas not everyone realizes GMs don't have crystal balls.
No, problem is he reportedly did make that offer.  Problem is that adds to the chaos because it just verifies that people were thoroughly wrong about what the offer was.
Bad coaches exist. As do emotional, unintelligent fans.
Worst case scenario is Monk starts sulking, even though it's understandable. 

Between his staredown of MCW and getting into it with Lamb (I think) a few games back, I'm praying this isn't the beginning of that and he's just "competitive".
I was so scarred by the Hornets leaving that I stopped watching basketball for like a year. I want us to tank and rebuild, but yeah, I know, Seattle.

What a depressing article.

Fuck New Orleans.
Agreed. One time does not also necessarily mean the “process” works. 
My bad, I can edit that out
While I do agree with u/bubowski’s  premise, we do draft pretty terribly. But that goes back to front office staff (scouts, GM, owner) who make the decisions. Cody, MKG and Frank were not great picks when you look who was taken after them. 
Which ones were bad picks at the time and not just from looking back? It's a fairly simple question
It's still basketball. And he had shot selection, consistency, and effort issues.

Not to mention all the off-court crap.
Why doesn't your math include the fact that our Strength of Schedule was brutal the first half of the season and is cupcake the second half?  I'm not saying it's a given, but it's not as difficult as you make it out to be.
I'm not really sure this is the case. Can you name one season that we've turned around midseason? Cause I can't.
Tank or sneak into the playoffs. It doesn't really matter to me because  we'll fuck up drafting regardless.

BUT ONE THING I WILL NOT STAND FOR....

MCW continuing to play. I mean he is absolutely atrocious and has show no signs of being an NBA caliber player. I have no earthly fucking clue why he continues to get minutes.

It's truly mind blowing. 
If we lose this game we embrace the tank 100%
My god this fucking bench
I really hate this team I'm over it. Anyone wanna smoke
The Kings are a very bad defensive team
Well, at least Bacon isn't scared to shoot.

What you make of his shooting is up to you.
Yeah, unfortunately I don't trust the tank tonight. Think we end up with the W.
This is a terrible start for the tank
Play badly for Bagley

Play like puke for Luka

Lose one for Ayton

Play Poorly for Porter

#Embrace The Tank
That's my secret I KNOW Bacon and Monk won't get the minutes
A big thing I've noticed that with Silas we've been getting leads, unfortunately, with Silas we've also been prone to losing those leads as well. 
Jackson is absolute trash who may one day be a role player and Giles is a hypebeast with a terrifying injury history and a bad year at Duke
bad play for Trae
Agreed, I like Batum but not at that contract. Not much we can do with that salary on the books. With a contract like that, we will probably have to make a bad trade just to get rid of it. 
Charlotte would have to include an asset like an '18 2nd rounder or future 1st rounder to get someone to take on the awful contract they signed Batum to.
Deng makes no sense with Batum's contract. We can't have those 2 ugly contracts on this team.

But if we could get Kuzma with Deng im all in!


We thought the same thing about miles plumlee for two expirings, we are just that retarded 

Was just about to say this without saying retarded tho
Give Carter-Wankliams at least 48 minutes a night, guranteed L's
I mean with our roster
Marvin, Dwight, and Nic were useless. MCW looked clueless again. Please tell me again how Monk and Bacon aren't getting minutes.
Rest of the team was so trash they couldn't even get Kemba the, what, 2-3 assists he needed to move past Felton on the Charlotte all-time list. Geez.

Horrible game from Dwight and Nic. Marvin and MKG struggled too. MCW doesn't even look at the rim anymore if he's within 5 feet, his mind is definitely not in a good place.
With what is happening with Malik Monk it is hard to believe that all is well between coach and GM. You can't draft a guy like that and not give him some minutes to develop, especially when we are languishing like this and have terrible backup guard play. At least give those bad minutes to somebody with some potential.
Just in case you forgot which team we were the starters come out and drop a deuce on your face. Terrible defense, turnovers for days, no productive offensive movement. We had three fucking post entry passes that were straight up intercepted by the defender. That's some 2k bullshit
Dude he fucking sucks
Well, I mean... He sucks. And is on a max deal soooo... No.
I mean don’t get me wrong he’s been subpar this year mainly due to injuries 
This half is everything that is wrong with the Hornets this season.
What’s worse the Clippers 3 point shooting or Cam’s accuracy... sorry I am still bummed 
What in the fuck are these refs doing 
this is an ugly game
> [LAC guard Austin Rivers \(right Achilles strain\) to be held out of today’s game against Charlotte, league sources tell ESPN. The expectation is he returns Tuesday for Memphis.](https://twitter.com/ChrisBHaynes/status/947545661603430400)
I mean we've been held hostage by these several years of terrible rotations. Why can't we play the rooks like 10 minutes or less a game? Just some play time thrown throughout
It’s a must every season! Even though tickets are expensive, it’s tradition to go. We may be some of the only ones out here in the Bay!
If a franchise tanks, i'm no longer a fan of that franchise. I'm a ticket holder for both Carolina and the Hornets. The day that a franchise i'm buying into decides to purposely lose games, is the day I'm not buying into that franchise. Tanking means I lose money on reselling, and the value of my enjoyment drops exponentially. 


fuck tanking
Everyone knows what we should do but we all know what will happen. SAD!
...All-Star break is Feb 16-18, trade deadline this year is Feb 8. We've got to decide a little quicker than All-Star break I'm afraid.
Couple of things...the Cavs are already in the luxury tax, [and it is insanely expensive](https://www.ohio.com/akron/writers/luxury-tax-bill-skyrockets-as-cavaliers-agree-to-three-year-22-million-contract-with-kyle-korver), so any trade is going to have to take that into consideration. Dwight's salary is 23.5m for this year and next. I don't see him ever going to the Cavs because even if they were willing to give up the Nets pick (they NEVER would) his salary doesn't work.
Might as well play Monk, I mean Batums defense was terrible last night
I went to a game a few weeks ago then hopped around uptown for a while after. Otw home we drove by the practice gym and Dwight was in there practicing jumpers. 

For a vet he’s certainty putting in the work this season. 
Games like this give me unfortunate hope that maybe they can turn it around 


Then they’ll put up a stinker against the Mavs or something and burst my bubble 
WHAT YEAR IS IT?! ....no seriously cause that performance from the shoulders was insane.
WAKING UP TO THIS MAKES ME WANT TO SEND THE TANK BACK TO THE BASE
FUCK THIS GAME PISSES ME OFF WE SHALL THE POTENTIAL OF THIS TEAM BUT WE FUCKED UP SO BAD ITS TOO LATE FOR A PLAYOFF PUSH UGGG
Where are all you "play Monk ERHMEHRGHERD" idiots at?
i hate to break it to you but Silas coached the team last night.
After coaches/management continuously refuse to play our rookies and play MCW instead every game we've sort of lost hope. Tank memes are on the rise
Yeah, jaynay can be quite rude and self-important. Don't dare call him out, though, or you'll face an egotistical rant that shows a mind numbing lack of self awareness. 
If we completely nuke it, the one "vet" player I want to keep through a rebuild is MKG. I'd hate to see him go anywhere else. 
Hornets Fans: This team is terrible. Our record sucks. We need to blow it up.

Those Same Hornets Fans: Every player on our team is a hidden gem and must not be traded.
FUCK THE TANK
fuck the obnoxious warriors announcers. "the warriors should never drop a game against these hornets" .............
MCW has been probably worse than Sessions, and Sessions was so awful. I didn't think anybody could do worse.
So miracles can happen! Really upset I am missing this game :(
I like how we're offered items of the game via television this year
Dreams are weird man. 
When we signed MCW I figured there was no way he could be as bad as Sessions. I didn't realize how often someone could brick shots apparently.
Behind the hoop where Hornets are shooting now!
18/40 is not good
That is what going to the worst Pg in the league will do
But there are other awful players in the league that don't get nearly as hammered by net rating because their coaches don't put the emphasis on them.

MCW is bad, but we're doing him no favors by not just trying to stay afloat when he's on.  A lineup of MCW + 4 starters is actually not terrible, and that bears itself out in the net rating.  But MCW + a bunch of bench players is awful because the emphasis ends up on him.
Game is on Facebook
He's not getting out of his obligatory Swarm game, heh.
Well at least this organization is putting some effort into developing a team
All I know is that he's gonna fuck around get 20 points and then not see play time next game
This is his evil twin Wemba Kalker
I fear there is no good answer to this question.
VINTAGE MCW 2 SiCK Rebounds! Full Highlights 
Man how bad must Malik Monk be getting destroyed in practice if Cliff is too afraid to play him?  
We’re flawed very flawed 

And going to be that way until we find an elite scoring wing option 
Unfortunately I think you are right on everything. I thought at worst we'd be maybe a 7th or 8th seed in the East this season.  I never expected the season we've had.
Just play Monk. What's the worst that could happen? At least I won't have to watch MCW throw passes and shoot layups. 
Boston fans at that game were so fucking bad as always
So we sent and recalled Monk and Bacon from the D-League so that we could sit them tonight?

Hahahaha alrighty then. This team is a bad joke.
I was at the game sitting 12 rows up, and I swear MCW was throwing me that pass in the second half. WTF was that?
I don't even think I care anymore

How about this, I'm going to turn around and close my eyes and you just take whatever you like

edit: [I don't care anymore, I don't care no more no more](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLpfbcXTeo8)
Not to be rude, but what are you doing now?
Meant to be the wings of a hornet. I think hexagons on the body like the Lakers did their scales would be sick.
I really wanted Queen City. Buzz City is so stupid to me 
You guys don’t understand the sickness that rushes through my body, head to toe, when I see MCW step onto the floor. I’m disgusted.
wow its like batum, job, and frank have a side competition to see who can take the worst fadeaway 18 footers
Fucking MCW dropping to the floor as if he just got a right hook from Mike fucking Tyson get the fuck back up you snail.
The amount of Celtics fans in the stands is disgusting
Another game where the other team hits a high-percentage of 3pointers. Nothing to see here -_-
I'm no expert lip reader, but I think Dwight said something to the refs about "why are you picking on me?" just now. 

Man if you don't get the fuck...
Can they not put Monk in place of MCW? I dont understand :/
Kemba hero ball isn't going to save us this game. 
Someone broke down the number of possibility tanking scenarios, but I think this is a type of tanking never seen before

Gastanking

MJ, Cho and the staff are gaslighting the fuck out of these players and us fans to the point we’re questioning our sanity
Kemba has been really bad on end of quarter situations this year
Boston's given so many opportunities to tie it up. We're just determined to fuck this comeback up. Let me get two crying Jordans to go please.... :'(
too sloppy in the beginning of the fourth quarter, comeback momentum was destroyed.
Damn, cheapest nosebleeds were at 52 each just the other day. I find it crazy how the hornets charge these prices when we are 12-21. 

My dad and I used to get 7-15 buck seats all the time at bobcats games and even like 20-30 max for some hornets ones. We were no better then than we are now. And the teams I saw were the celtics, clippers, heat, etc so no slouches either.

Really hope these prices get lower if we continue to lose, they're pricing people out of the damn nosebleeds which is ridiculous imo. 
I'm pretty convinced he's the worst rotation player in the NBA.
Seriously he's making a glaring mistake at a rate of nearly 2 per minute.  That's insane.
Sorry if it came across that way but I really wasn't. I like the Hornets a lot, and was just saying I was looking forward to the game.
If you watched the game and not just the stats you'd see that he shot almost everytime he touched the ball and barely gave a fuck.
Who fucking cares. He knows he's being abused by the staff. We know he's being abused. The only people who don't are the coaching staff and their loyalists
Yes, looks like it is. Not sure when it ends
It wasn't pointless he had 25 of them.



#FreeMonk
And just to follow up on this cause I go on ATH and the RGM page. It's sad to see part of the fanbase already giving up and losing faith in Monk. That's the other reason I opposed sending him down, there was no way this game would make a difference and only serves to justify pre-held beliefs by the staff and fans
G League basketball is fucking awful
Link for the game

https://www.reddit.com/r/nbastreams/comments/7gxzkn/channel_thread_nba_tv
Monk is being assigned to pass the ball off and stand in the corner. Seriously, what is the fucking point of this shit?
as soon as I type this he chucks a stupid ass shot up
I can't tell if he doesn't give a shit this game or if he's off. He's taken some really bad shots and missed some easy gimme's
Sadly he is not :( I was there both years.
i can't see why we shouldn't at least give him a shot...

then again we haven't even given Julyan Stone a shot yet at that backup PG role
I mean if I was a G-League guy I wouldn't be doing shit to help Monk out
What a fucking joke. Sending Monk to the G League where absolutely no defense is played is not going to help him at all. The G League games are glorified pick up games. Monk is gonna put up at least 25 points a game and still have no idea how to play defense. How about we send that bum MCW down to the G League instead where he can work on making fucking layups in a game.
Bacon got recalled already due to "travel issues."

> [Dwayne Bacon was unable to make it to Greensboro, NC today for Greensboro Swarm game due to travel issues.  He will be at practice in Charlotte today with the Hornets.](https://twitter.com/HornetsPR/status/945679603745611779)
I'm sick of this team. Why am I a fan? They left when I was a kid, now they come back, get my hopes up, and are completely disappointing and incompetent. I'm gonna have to take a break from the Hornets for my health.
Well merry fucking Christmas
Seriously what the fuck
But the G League is a joke and Monk will gain nothing from playing there. It is beyond pointless to send him down
Same. We are awful to watch and nobody in the organization cares, they just want to get that 10th pick in the draft and convince people they care about the fans. Just gonna check out until we have a direction again
Johnny "No shot is a bad shot" O'Bryant
I'm not even asking for a hard tank, at least a top-5 pick tank would work, hell a top-10 if we're being generous. 


Can't wait for us to trade him for a late second round pick that somehow ends up being even worse than you'd expect
Tank because we aren't making the playoffs regardless. We are the worst managed and coached team in the league and it didn't change tonight, if anything it was reinforced. Treveon gets almost no playing time usually but comes on and wins us the game, just shows incompetence
I mean, I'll say it till it's not true. Our coaching staff is the worst in the league hands down. People can complain about talent but we have all the pieces yet refuse to use them. Treveon has rotted on the bench for two seasons while being a top 3 bench piece both seasons, it's ridiculous
Ah i see they got ahold of Clifford's game plan 
Mas por favor. Maybe Dwight all stupid TO's?
1. No it’s not lol
2. No there literally fans who just followed him. We aren’t talking about Hornets fans who want to see him play. 
3. You addressed what this article isn’t taking about.

hate to say it but we don't deserve an all star as of right now. Kemba has been terrible all December. Not his fault because he's been a bit banged up and he has zero help but 20/5 on 38.7/30.3/83.6 are his December numbers and that's awful. He's got to come up a lot in January if he's going to repeat as an all-star
Doncic and Ayton will be insane.I have 0 doubts about doncic, dude has already been making insane plays against top euroleague and even NBA talents. I am not sure about Bagley and Porter
THIS FUCKING GUY
Is it sad we have a submission flair designation for "Lowlights"... that I have seen twice in 24 hours already?
He looks like me when I try to do something way past my skill level 
Patented Kemba stepback turning into a brutal airball brick is...discouraging

EDIT: Followed up by Kemba missing both free throws

EDIT 2: Followed by Kemba traveling
Game hasn't even started but I'm already dead inside.
Call a timeout to get Marvin and his broken/dislocated finger out of the game! C'mon!

EDIT: Finally, get the man some medical attention.
I swear if we don’t at least give Stone a few of MCW’s minutes
I feel like refs are so harsh on Dwight regarding illegal screens
We’re so bad at late game offense.
Why do they sometimes take such bad shots rather than being patient and setting up a play, maybe?
> [INJURY REPORT: Hornets vs. MIL 12/23](https://twitter.com/HornetsPR/status/944615509387104256)

> Graham (low back spasms) - QUESTIONABLE

> Howard (L ring finger dislocation) - QUESTIONABLE

> Walker (head contusion) - QUESTIONABLE
so both Howard and Walker are questionable :/ 
I feel bad for MkG it just seems like he will never click offensively
WTF just happened, I stopped paying attention for a second and it's almost a 20 pt game
especially when throwing up bad shots at this rate...
"hitting his head on the floor"

That was a weirdly foot shaped floor.
uhh he looked fucking dazed on the bench
How the fuck does Malik get 10 minutes of PT yet no shot attempts? Yet that bum JOB gets 7 in 18 minutes. I can't take another 5 months of this y'all.
Well at least there is a rematch tomorrow
I should just have a single comment I link to whenever someone asks about our issues. 

Our coaches are morons who don't hold anyone except our rookies accountable for their actions. It's why we never improve at anything
Or blown leads... or lead until the final 2+ minutes and went cold
At least Frank has room for improvement, Dwight has been what he is for years
How’d you like his 2 turnovers in the last 3 minutes..?

Edit: keep em coming. I’ll be your whipping boy. You gotta take your anger out on someone this year if you’re a hornets fan. 
I mean there was a season or so where he wasnt.  And then he hurt his hip and forgot how to play.
To hell with defense. Develop the damn guy. We're not winning this season so fuck it. Put Dwayne, Malik, JOB, Treveon out there. See what they can do. 
One TO all game how'd he manage 2 in 3 minutes?
noooo this team desperately needs a tank job, trading for a poor man's Kemba on 3x the contract per year is pretty much the worst thing we could do
Conley could be devastating tho to a team. Not worth that risk
Cause Conley has been injured and their guard rotation is awful. Kemba/Gasol/Tyreke would win enough games to make a swap worthless
If we pick something like Trae Young over fucking Bagley or Doncic I will lose my shit.
Sorry I misread your question.
He was saying that OU is weak, so that argument is non-unique.

Like you said "Alabama is weak so Sexton does everything", and he responded with "And OU isn't"?
I apologize I read it wrong.
>They lost to the Raptors 129-111 Wednesday. That 18-point margin doesn’t convey how bad this was. I covered the then-Bobcats’ 7-59 season, and this one had that wretched feel.

>The Raptors outscored the Hornets 41-21 in the second quarter. Toronto, a team not known for 3-point shooting, made six of nine from the arc in those 12 minutes. Had Jeremy Lamb not scored 14 of his career-high 32 points in that quarter, the Hornets would have trailed at halftime by 40.

>Nic Batum stuck out in the opposite direction. In 26 minutes, Batum scored zero points. He took one shot.

Pass the Clorox
Honeslty, I just want Clifford to be sacked cause I'm tired of hearing my cousin yell at the t.v. calling him a cunt. 
I hate basketball
He's been out for weeks with serious health issues 
The Knicks without KP :/
Nah bro I agree with you. I'd trade Batum for a headband at this point. He's been so bad, and his presence means the rooks don't get any burn. Even if we're losing games, id still watch if the rookies were playing. But when they're not and we're still getting smacked, I really struggle to find the motivation to care about the team. 
Either y'all have a FO that mandates MCW to play to tank which is genius.

Or you have the dumbest coaching staff in the league for giving the worst player in the league significant rotation minutes every game. 
JOB is like that guy that nobody likes to play with in 2K. Pass the fucking ball bro.
The fucking bench smh

Seriously MCW should not get any minutes
he did it againnnnnnnnn :((((
If anyone from hornets organization reads this, explain to me why MCW doesn't drive and pass instead of shooting. Why the fuck can't he just pass it out for a 3 on a drive? But this retard keeps going for the layup. 

Seriously the bench sits there getting no shots because he wastes so many possessions. Hes zero threat from 3 so keeping him in the corner hurts us. Wtf is this coaching staff. If he does stupid shit just sit his ass and watch how fast he gets in line. 
Monk has been on 8 minutes, with 0 shots. Don't think MCW has passed it to him once, feel so bad just seeing him isolated in the corner.
At least 2 of them that I saw didn’t even hit the rim
I never want to hear this coaching staff complain about Malik Monk ever again after trotting JOB out there.  IDC about injuries either he is so bad.
That and the Bucks can’t hit a 3. Usually teams kill us from behind the arc. That’s the only reason why we are in this game
It’s not that he’s bad, he’s just kinda annoying when he shoots as soon as he gets the ball like every time. This isn’t the first game that he has done that. 
They literally just have him standing in the corner. He's not even part of the offense. Meanwhile MCW is jacking up brick after brick. Our coaching staff is beyond stupid.
That's how it should be, but practically Nic is behind Dwight in priority.
I'm having doubts kemba will even make it so fuck no to Dwight 
Does anyone know what health issue Clifford is going through? I know he has had heart problems in the past.
Also, for fucks sake.  At least that's what I always picture Cliff saying when he comes to mind
That cannot be correct.  Monk is unable to play defense, must be a trick.
Exactly. Our defense is already bad it will just get worse, but at least I get to see future talent on the floor.
Canada. We're not really exotic but we count.
Poland here. There are few of us in Poland but we sting hard!
Also Perth, Australia for me. I chose the bobcats during that terrible 2011 season before we drafted MKG. I figured the only way was up and I was right at least to a degree 😂
Wasn't watching but fuck what happened to MKG.
That somehow a bunch of morons who are basketball illiterate somehow got approved and hired to coach the Hornets. They are all trash, from Clifford on down to the strength guy
As a fan of the Raptors that was around when they lost to the 11-12 Bobcats...twice, I know what you mean.

So since we lost to the team with with the worst record twice, does that make us the worst team ever?
Pretty bad, but not as bad as having a historically bad season and not even getting the number 1 pick. 
Dude you’re just wrong about him switching slowly 
Ahhh. I'm a dumb dumb. I saw 0.8 vs 0.3 and didn't think about the difference .5 would make, because I haven't had enough coffee to do simple math. Sorry about that. 


Either way it doesn't mean jack when you shoot 27% from the field.
LMAO this guy might be the worst player in the NBA I couldn't find anyone worse.
MCW is the worst player in the nba undisputed 
This "country" song is terrible. 
Is it just me or has this team gotten 2x worse after Batum returned?

When he came back we were like ~4 games under .500, since he's been back we have fucking doubled that
It's a lackluster game. Trying to outshoot three pointers. 
If MCW doesn't get at least 30 min of playing time and 15 shots then we are tanking wrong.
These things came wrapped in an absurd amount of tissue paper
Ticketmaster just got confused after watching us play
No offense, but the trade is bad enough to kind of be insulting.
Jackson, sorry should have made that clearer. Or Bullock? WHATEVER YOU WANT JUST GIVE US KEMBA 
Same can be said for Frank tbh. He's been terrible outside a few games. Admittedly I totally forgot about Ellenson
I would hate to part with MKG. Whatever our future, he seems like a valuable young part of it. 
I like MKG :(
I don't follow anything from Swarm and Sting. I think they've improved some over the past couple years, but they still post any article they can put out. 
my logic has always been trade bad players away
Dude, this seemed unnecessarily condescending.
Hate to bust your bubble, but unless you have Billy King on the phone that isn't happening.
Even if your stupid misconception that MKG is a bad player we're true, what do you think you would get back for him?  You know, since he's clearly so bad and all.
Batum is not shit. He was injured and playing through it cause our medical staff is a bunch of morons
Or in other words, you have nothing so you want to pull some crap about there being no certainty in sports, got it.
There is no way he gets more than 10 *minutes* a game for us. ftfy. 

It really is sad. So what, Monk's defense is suspect. WE ARE LOSING GAMES! Put him out there, let him learn, let him show us some flashes. It at least should help him build some confidence. 
yeah i agree with basically all of this, this team is so frustrating 
Not sure how to feel considering this team didn't have Porzingas. 
Don't worry my man, no THJ or Porzingis made it a hard game to lose. The tank will resume it's regularly scheduled activity on Wednesday
Or fuck you 
Now I am sad. 
Tanking is a Myth, the Hornets are just inconsistent.....if they want to Be a Consistently "Terrible" basketball team, their going to have to either Trade Kemba Walker or even worse.....Kemba has a Season ending injury. 

No way Hornets lose 55-60+ games with Kemba Walker & Dwight Howard on the team, that's the challenge right now for all those Hornets Fans out there that want this team to bottom out 
I definitely do as well, but unfortunately the Hornets just don't have that 'over-performing expectations' gene in them this year
No.

No one is queuing up to play with Dwight Howard at this point in his career.

/rain on parade
He's right. Negative body language is bad for everyone.
From the Zach Lowe podcast when he discussed how Dwight's Atlanta teammates cheered when he got traded:

> "You ask why, and one account was that Dwight would give these speeches before the game about how everyone is playing hard, we want unity, we're going to… and then go out and play like a blah game where he demands post touches and doesn't rotate as hard as he could. And everyone is like, 'why are you speaking in the locker room?' But that's all anecdotal. It's just crazy how these stories come out after every stop in his career."
Stop jacking up 17 footers and trying to make post moves when you catch the ball 8 feet away from the basket.

I can play the blame game, too.
One of the biggest running jokes in the NBA is Dwight being lazy & pretending to be a team leader. Channing Frye made a few comments about him on the road tripping podcast.
Too unrealistic. MCW would actually have to make a layup.
Afraid not. We'd need video evidence to confirm.
That is when Jordan SHOULD step in and squash any desperate deal that sacrifices the future.

The Hornets need to accumulate picks and youth..period.
I don't think so. As stated very often, I don't see how anyone can look at this team and blame Cho for it not working well. 

So much awful luck, effort, and coaching has gone into this season being the way it is. 
idk why you guys give a fuck about picks? unless we get new coaching staff they will ride the bench so fuck it. trade them away if we are keeping cliff
Hm...I'm not able to find this game on Fox Sports Southeast 
JOB looks so bad down the stretch
Knicks paying 3 to 1. I know if I get on them porzingis will sit and we'll pull this one out but if i sit out and dont bet he'll play and we'll get beaten by single digits. Fuck it Knicks by between 1-10 it is; hope to eat my words 😩
We have a pretty horrible record with winnable games. I want to believe, but can't bring myself to.
I get that we have injuries but this team is legitimately awful to watch. I'm really getting flashbacks of the 7-59 team because this team appears to have lost hope. Everyone's body language seems off and the boys just look defeated. Even Kemba, as stoic as he usually is, seems down. 

What perplexes me is that we actually have talent on this squad. I think, or would at least hope, some major shakeup is coming whether it be as a coaching change, trades, or both. 
I am done with this team for a while honestly. Fuck this shit. I get the impression the FO is fine being mediocre to bad as long as they can make a profit. It's obviously a low budget operation (have you seen our arena and social media/marketing?). Goddamn, we are a joke of a team and I need a break from it. Hope we lose every game this season so we can draft another mediocre player that peaked in college at #1.

I need another drink.
NUKE THIS FUCKING TEAM
I’ve already started looking up mock drafts a few times a week so... whatever :(
According to NBA.com , the Hornets are dead last in clutch FG% and 3PT%. In clutch situations, the Hornets are shooting 27.8% from the floor, and 9.3% from 3. 

The second worst team, the LA Clippers, are shooting 31.3% from the floor and 22.2% from 3.

Source: http://stats.nba.com/teams/clutch-traditional/?sort=FG_PCT&dir=-1
Fuck
They had 19 TOs and we can’t steal this one? Such a frustrating game to watch. 
Fuck Basketball
Another game where our starters are + and our bench is - (except Batum and traveon)
It's definitely panic time. It's the only reason I can't see why we won't develop our fucking rookies or give Treveon real minutes. Honestly if we are bad we are bad. But we put out a joke of a team with no future while we let them rot on the bench. They won't even give them burn with the Swarm cause that would look horrible too. So they just keep them there, rotting. I fucking hate this staff
I mean technically speaking it's only happened 2 years in a row.  That's not inconceivable that it could be random still.

But that doesn't mean the coaching staff shouldn't go.
Wow what the fuck.  7/26 and 0/9??? JFC that might be his worst game ever that is horrendous.  I think any player on our squad would struggle to have that bad of a line
Bad bot.

The best player ever, but one of the worst personnel guys.  Even back to his Wizards days, Jordan is a fucking horrible evaluator of talent.  Until and unless he recuses himself from putting the team together, we will remain shitty.
I could have ran on the court after he missed the wide open layup. At least he does the work to get the ball in order to miss them. He's so freaking frustrating. He's trying so hard and I appreciate his effort and his defense, but holy crap, you're in the NBA, MCW. Make a freaking layup. 
I am sorry you guys have to see such monstrosity
Getting traded around like that can really hurt a player. That's no excuse, he still has the effort, but Idk wtf is wrong with him. He shouldn't be this bad. It's crazy
Ulterior motives I can get behind.  
MCW is awful
If MCW isn’t traded within the next 12 hours I am going to go fucking crazy.
I feel like Im watching the 7-59 Bobcats again. This is fucking embarrassing 
8 seconds left and Lamb throws that shit up. This fucking team.
Well that's game. And the tank rolls on.
coach used the timeouts so badly. It's common sense you leave at least one timeout for the last play, in the case you need to advance the ball. When Aminu missed the second free throw we should've gotten the rebound, called time and had 3.8 seconds to tie the game and maybe even tie. Kemba was also terrible.
There are 32 seconds left in the game with us having possession - 1pt game.

I bet we lose.
Can we please have a break from playing games for awhile? I'm not even sad anymore. I can't feel anything. 
Holy Shit!
Why
The
Fuck
Did
Lamb
Shoot
That
Contested 
3

Fuck it he's tank commander
Goddamn that reminds of when we had him and PJ Hariston as our wings.

Now THAT was a terrible rotation
Called it :(
I would really hate to just flip Lamb as soon as he's started playing well. He stuck around and didn't give up even when Cliff pulled him out of the rotation a lot last season. A guy with resolve like that is a guy I would want on my team.

Maybe I'm just being sentimental, though.
Oh also Gerald Henderson, but he's not that random. 
Dominic fucking McGuire 
batum horrible frank horrible johnny oh horrible kemba bad shooting % marvin bad shooting need i say much else
Another game another negative score for our bench
I literally can't stop listening to "Plain Jane"...it's been months
I'm in the same boat, but I negotiated a late start time with my boss so I can stay up a little bit.  Problem is work just leaves me too tired to write.
Congrats again on the little one! 

Edit: link me to some hip hop I should listen to. Assume I know nothing.
Unfortunately games tip off at 12 midnight here and I get up for work at 6am. Maybe catch a weekend game but whatever 
Not generally a big sweets fan, but still.. =(
I would be so sad if Charlotte was abandoned 
Lowe's a bit late to the party when it comes to "Dwight Howard's post-ups are bad".
Question: do you think our coaches gameplan for Howard to get 10-20 post touches per game, or is our offense around him so basic and bad that players dump it to him because they can't make their own shots? To me it seems like our halfcourt offense is terrible even without Dwight being involved. The shots being created are not good. Now that Kemba is in a slump his pullups aren't bailing our offense out as much as they used to.
Agreed.  Capped in between a rock and a hard place. 
We are towards the bottom of the list, but we certainly aren't last. Brooklyn is like a worse version of us from 2012-13. They've made a little out of nothing, but they still aren't a playoff team. 

We've got young talent in Monk and Bacon, and a bonafide star in Kemba. That alone puts us ahead of a couple teams. Miami is a similar place to us (capped out with mediocre players). The Grizzlies are in a very similar place, and the Clippers have some tough choices to make too (although their roster is better, just injury ridden). Teams like Phoenix and Orlando have been tanking for years with little to show for it.

The future is definitely bleak, but we are not alone and we are not the worst situation in the league.
It has been called the Crown Club for a few seasons now, at least as long as the Hornets name came back.  I’ve been there for about 5 different games in the past three seasons and have pics of the place. 

That said, it has always been annoying to me how confusing the Hornets make their premium seating tiers and name these places.  I think they are intentionally confusing. 

The Kings laugh hysterically then block your number.
Or Miles Plumlee, previous untradable worst contract in the league
Supposedly Hill is unhappy and was mislead about the direction of the team. Not sure his effort or motivation would change in Charlotte 
I guarantee you no one takes that contract without some serious sweetner. 
Noah might have the worst in the league because Batum might still be playable once he gets healthy but at $17M for 3 years Noah is worthless. 
I disagree, but even if you don't think it's the absolute worst, its clearly in the "worst contracts in the league" group. 

Batum definitely has potential to bounce back, but looking at his production while on this contract it's clearly horrible value.
It's always amusing to see your posts and read how amorphous your arguments are.

Make a silly assertion, get called on it, fall back to slightly less silly assertion. No, Nic wasn't bad last year. He was overmatched as a #2 option. But not to the extent of being bad.

No, his contract isn't the worst in the league. That was retarded when you said it. No, it doesn't even make the list of one of the worst contracts in the league.

Yes, he is overpaid. Third try's the charm, I guess.

e: Oh, my bad. You think it's "easily the worst", not "the worst". There are opinions that are... well, wrong.

This is to those as Super Saiyan is to Raditz.

Never said you were trying to be confrontational, only that the opinions you're posting are *hilariously* stupid. And that you're making an unfortunate habit of it.

As for that: Parsons, Deng, Mozgov, Crabbe, Bismack.

Try again? Nic's got the worst contract on the roster. He's a low rumble at best when it comes to bad contracts around the league.
Is Kaminsky really THAT bad at defending that 6’5 Traveon has to guard 7ft Olynyk?????
this has to be false hope
We’re 100% losing this but holy fuck Kemba Walker you GOD.
Our bench is bad. Only people I like is Frank and Lamb
I mean the alternative was 6'5" Treveon on 6'10" Bam Adebayo.
I wanted black jerseys but not like this... at least make the lettering and numbers teal or something.     
    
Also Orlando's jerseys holy shit
oh c'mon it's not that bad haha
I wished we ditched the "Buzz City" moniker. Feels so forced and unoriginal. Would rather it just be "Charlotte" or "Hornets."
I think there is teal down the side it’s just hard to see from that angle
This is his third year and believe all the recruits are under him and not the former group. I went to the Davidson game and it was the worst team I have ever seen at the school.
I think it's both. I'm not a shot expert or anything so take this with a grain of salt but his release is still so inconsistent and his shot base looks pretty fucked some of the time.
Your user name makes me sad
Totally agree. Trading him would be dumb. We have such bad luck as a franchise. I could see us trading him to a team like Miami that I hate and him becoming a multiple-time All Star.
This was a hard one to watch boys. Need to revamp our bench i think.
life is cold af. Rox fan. good game. but ya, life is cold. 

Is Charlotte the worst 3PT team in the league? Sure feels like it...
Maybe one is the rank for offense and the other for defense
I mean its hard to do it worse than MJ
They actually proposed that trade on the Dunc'd On podcast today. I don't hate it. Frankie Nicotine and Monk could play well together.
Yup. Poor wording and understanding by myself.
Bacon literally has DeRozan game with his mid-range though, or at least he did in preseason
I know we've said this a thousand times, but I'm constantly amazed by how bad MCW is
Wait what this is being  brodcasted on espn? I want Eric though :(
MCW FUCKING SUCKS I HATE HIM SO FUCKING MUCH
MCW needs to go. Maybe play overseas a little bit. This dramatic fall from grace has taken a toll on him. 
Remember our last game against the Rockets? Remember how bad our 3 point defense is? This one won't be pretty, fellas.
My prediction: Dwight takes 8 baby hooks this game. 
So we're down by 3 and I watch a video for 10 minutes and all the sudden we're down by 23 wtf just happened...
Getting fucking smacked in the 4th quarter and yet Monk has only played 3 minutes 
Fucking Batum standing around doing a whole lotta nothing w/ 120 million in the bank..... :(
Our second unit is um just bad
Second unit just gave up..what..5 3s? In the span of 3 minutes? And didn't score a basket? PAINFUL
JOB and Frank?!? This lineup is gonna get cooked even worse.
Our bench is just terrible... can't make fucking layups, can't defend
fuck this earth 
Can Kemba Just shoot 50 a game
TANK IS IN FULL EFFECT.

I dare a team to run out a worst lineup than MCW, JOB, and Frank. It's not possible.
We are so sick my dudes
You know you’re playing bad when the announcers are showing sympathy for you 
God we look stupid. And shooting 1-13 from 3 will do that to you. 
Well, this will probably be ugly. 
Mother of god we look old and slow and crap
Me too man, he gets me irrationally angry
Batum has been so horrible this year. Even when he's wide open I know he's clanking the 3. Kemba gets a pass, he's made a ton of plays tonight and had to take a rough shot or two at the end of the shot clock.
I think they had one basket, and it was Treveon who scored. Almost every other possession ended with an MCW drive, which is certifiably insane. Let Monk or Lamb play off the PnR. 
No midrange shots don't kill teams, bad shots kill teams.
It's 6:30 for me and I'll still be at work =(
We've needed shooting for our entire fucking Bobnets history and we fail to address it, year in and year out. 

Utter incompetence.
wtf those utah and new orleans trades are awful, as welll as the minnesota won
Don't exactly hate Knicks offer w Belgian Frank and 1st to stay young and to benefit Monk 
It feels weird to wear them on the road. 
Oh, I’m an idiot. I missed the edit. I’ll see myself out. Haha
No worries swarm bro! 

Btw I hate these jerseys that leaked. Need teal. 
I’m hyped but also WTF OKC how can your offense be that awful and pass in the NBA
I forced myself to not watch.

What happened? OKC isn’t a powerhouse but how did we run away with it?
Make no mistake... this team still sucks dick.  Don't let them fool you
Bro, why do you hate Dwight so much? He played solid today and every time you say something about him it is negative.
I get what you’re saying, but if overreacting to a few games is bad, so is overreacting to one.
duh
Because the 3 or 4 baby hooks were awful shots.  They went in, but that's results oriented thinking and results oriented thinking is bad.

And it's not just his pick and roll defense.  His rim protection is awful too because he's not moving his feet and getting in position.  He's within 2% of Frank Kaminsky at the rim on the season.  That's awful. 

So then what does that leave him, rebounding?  Too bad he got destroyed there tonight by an average to bad rebounder in Steven Adams.

And no, Dwight has absolutely been an overall negative for this team.  Even beyond his individual play, the manner in which we overhauled our schemes to make him work has been horrible for us.
That's where you lose me. I'll take a 1 on 1 Dwight baby hook all day. He was composed, took his time and put up high percentage shots. If you think those were awful shots, then I'm not sure you're objectively analyzing the game.
Dwight postups average .77 points per possession.  And that's counting the dunks.  Even if you omit the turnovers (Which is insane, but if you assume he gets the shot off) he's still below 1 point per possession, and again, counting the dunks.  Meaning that it's bad offense.  Objectively.
I hope no one actually buys that this crap isn't sockpuppeted as heck.
I'm a Dwight fan but I have to agree with you, his defense looks lazy and he keeps wanting to dribble to ball up halfcourt??
I am a Dwight fan and I know he has faults like tunovers and stupid fouls, but you are always negative about him.
I mean it isn't like there's so nothing he does well, it's just that they often get outweighed by things he does poorly.
I quit the game at that level. Damn that mission. 
Kemba had a trim as well, it's impossible to repair a menscisus and be back in 6 weeks. Minor tears are often treated by trimming it so they don't mis extended time.
I don't think it would be the sole reason, but it could contribute. We don't  know what his procedures were for either, they've been very vague in their press releases. 

Kemba isn't alone though. Trims are very common in athletes. 
Breakdown into tears and never watch a game of basketball again
Got a bad feeling about Batum’s elbow 
I'm annoyed, but if annoyance translated into lack of fandom I'd probably actively hate the Panthers. They've been driving me insane for twenty years.
Complaining and shit posting on Reddit is fandom. If we weren't here crying, that'd mean we didn't care.
I agree, I'm not going to start rooting for another team or anything, but it's hard to watch this team and you end up not paying attention. 
What is Dead may never die!
Trade. Fucking. Batum.
*Melo tries to pass but throws it out of bounds*

Dell: “that’s not in his repertoire”

I’m weak
MCW is the worst backup pg ive ever seen
Wow OKC offense is really bad
Hey, what if we won, wouldn't that be weird?
Hard pass. I’ll just pretend to study for exams instead.
The hornet are like the porn stars of the NBA, payed to get fucked by all the superstars. Its gonna be a gang bang scene tonight. Starring... 
Russell Westbrook (Most Vicious Penis), 
Paul George (PG-13 inches), 
Carmelo Anthony (Melo in yo mouth) and 
Steven Adams (Thunder from down under)  
This may be a rare game where our bench doesn’t blow a lead because their bench is equally as bad
Please foul Dwight out of the game
I can’t tell if we’re playing well or if they’re just that bad
Dwight makes an off-the-dribble 18 footer off the glass

The fuck
Serious question why does Dwight get the ball in the post on 1/3rd of your possessions when he's on the court? 
These sets for Monk are awful
Dwight Howard is the definition of one step forward two steps backwards. For every good thing he does he will do at least two truly horrendous, positive-energy-killing, bullshit-ass-turnover, stupid-shot, pout-because-I-didn't-get-a-call, dribble-the-ball-up-the-floor-because-I'm-feeling-confident ass things.

Sorry but he is the fucking WORST.
His defense is back to normal but he was shooting a career worst as of a few days ago.
Hopeless fans looking for a scapegoat. The guy who just arrived this season & has a bad reputation is the easiest to blame. Pathetic honestly. The tunnel vision of these suckers are appalling. 
OKC is just bad at the moment.
I think the Thunder are terrible and are terrible in a way that we know how to beat them.
Eh, a few of them were bad shots that went in.  I dont think the 4th made up for how much damage he did at other times in the game.
At least it's not the Bulls.
As bad as it’s been being a Hornets fan this year I don’t think it comes close to what OKC fans must be feeling
I definitely wouldn't go as far as saying terrible. They're not playing as well as they should be, but their record isn't terrible. 

I mean they are making us look like offensive juggernauts
Exactly. He's averaging 15+ pts and that's without LOBS. I have always been mind blown every single game on why the players here never lob the ball to Dwight. Last year in ATL he was getting at least 3-4 lobs a game. It's the easiest fucking basket there is and they keep ignoring him.
In the /r/nba power rankers chat there was a solid bit of campaigning between the Thunder ranking and me for which of our teams should be lower.  We're terrible, and they're right around where we are, so that should definitely leave them as terrible too.
Okay so this may be crazy, but what about the Spurs? They don’t have any big name rookies, but they do have some younger guys who wouldn’t be awful. And I’ve just always wanted to see Kemba and Kawhi paired up. 
Monk is terrible when playing pointguard.  We need to move him to the 2 and deal with it.  He plays better as a spot up shooter than a shot creator play maker. 
Yeah but it's the Kings and their owner/gm are morons. I could see it
>says there is no narrative, proceeds to regurgitate the same tired, false narrative 
David Fizdale.

Offensively minded coach that would drastically change the style of play here and engage the casual fans.
What, you think Nic's well-worn issues dealing with guys who are stronger than he is would be exacerbated to a ridiculous extent at the 3, and that we might never get a stop on defense again with that lineup?

What are you, a Communist?

^^^^^^/s
Got to do this ASAP because the tanking rules change next season. And this is a dirty draft class. Let's get in on it. 
Maybe MJ wants Bagley so bad he went out and told our guys to throw the game. 


/s
dude wtf man

i'm a lakers fan and i recognize greatness when i see it
Agree.

Monk's shot selection wasn't bad tonight, he just couldn't hit anything, which is very bad for a guy that was drafted based on shooting potential alone.
He has not for the past couple of weeks and even this game was just at average efficiency 
He took a few somewhat contested inside shots, but almost every inside shot will be contested. Besides a dumb behind the back stepback over Clarkson, his shot selection wasn't as bad as normal
Nine points per game on 47.8% shooting. Hornets fans have such an unrealistic viewpoint of him for some reason.
wtf
With Cody and Frank out, I think you have to reconsider your definition of “unplayable”.
"fuck me so ...?"
"*sigh*...the fuck are we doin"
"Fuck my job." I think
Dwight throwing the ball out of bounce on a pass to Kemba after a series of bad plays in OT with little time.
Too bad the root of our problem will still exist, Batum.  You can't rebuild without destroying the root.
Of course. And let's not forget about the really bad luck we had with Sean May, DJ Augustine, and Emeka Okafor.
I'd rather have Bolden and TJ instead of Saric but it isn't bad considering we would get Fultz
What a miserable team. Blow the entire thing up. 

Monk at starting PG and go from there. 

Kemba doesn't deserve this. 
Is that a “Let’s go, Lakers” chant that I hear in the crowd?  I’m not there tonight but sounded that way on TV.  Please tell me I’m wrong.  That’s embarrassing. 
I fucking hate the Lakers... shit like that happened all the time when Kobe was around. Nothing like thousands of people in an opponent's stadium adoring a rapist. 
agree 100% he plays like he's trying to stay in the NBA every time he gets on the court like a summer league player trying to make a roster.

it's infuriating
Incompetent coaching. Everyone on that staff needs to be fired. 
We have an all-world potential tank squad with MCW and JOB.

Just imagine the glorious losses and horrible basketball!
Seriously give JOB 30 minutes a game and bagley here we come 
It really sucks to see a team like the bulls beat us who are literally in a rebuild knowing they at least have a core of Kris Dunn, Lavine, and Lauri....

I've never felt like we had shit to build around beyond Kemba and it's pretty depressing. 
Trade Kemba for what? A small chance of landing a player of his caliber? I'll pass
This franchise is soooo horrific at drafting that if they got the #1 pick in the next draft they wouldn't pick Bagley. They are that dumb. 
Agree, it will probably never happen. Doesn't mean it shouldn't happen though.
It will definitely suck short-term, but would benefit us long-term. Also, you know what already sucks in the short-term? Our team :(
why the fuck would cleveland do that
The flawed argument these "trade Kemba" posts are making is that we can get "something in the future" for trading him now. They conveniently ignore that wr are borderline inept at drafting. We already attempted to rebuild via the draft and it went very poorly. *cough* Emika Okafor *cough* Sean May *cough* Adam Morrison *cough* DJ Augustine *cough* MKG *cough* Cody Zeller
Fuck it, bring him in. Also please put MCW on the curb for trash pickup Monday morning
That's also his 50th career 20-20 game!

He's 8th all time (well, since '63-'64)!

1. Wilt Chamberlain (264!)

2. Jerry Lucas (105)

3. Nate Thurmand (93)

4. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (67)

5. Bill Russell (56)

6. Moses Malone (53)

7. Walt Bellamy (51)

8. Dwight Howard (50)

9. Dave Cowens (43)

10. Charles Barkley (42)

11. Hakeem Olajuwon (42)

12. Bob McAdoo (38)

13. Shaquille O'Neal (34)

14. Elvin Hayes (30)

15. Bob Lanier (30)

16. Willis Reed (30)

17. Garnett (27)

18. Kevin Willis (23)

19. Tim Duncan (22)

20. Patrick Ewing (19)
“We lost to the worst team in the NBA and exhausted our guys doing so, one night before what should be a winnable game” would have also been an acceptable answer.
I already hate him
Yeah. Im down for some reactionary shit. Fuck that post I made earlier, fucking januaury? MOTHERFUCKER THE BULLS GOT FOUR WINS.  GUESS HOW TIMES THEYVE EMBARRASED MY HORNETS? Twice. We are half of their fucking wins for the season. 

Its over. Its done, bury me in some fucking assets you greedy son of a bitch. Dont sell anymore of our godamn draft picks, send Cliff to the retirement home because this team had literally driven a man to the brink of death. I. Can. Not. Handle. This. We fucking suck, I have seen one non moist asshole basketball team in my city in the past 15 godamn years.  Teal?  Oh youve got some fresh fucking pinstripes? Oh thats nice, real swell, call me when my fucking owner has fewer playoff appearances than my entire fucking franchise. Roll Kemba out in used trashbags if you have to just get my team in the fucking playoffs. 

This is fucking ridiculous,  do you inderstand how fucking ridiculous it is that we root for a team that hasnt been out of the first round since Saddam fucking Hussein was in power? A team that's had 8 and 4 and 2 and another 2 years between playoff appearances? Only to get fucking swept twice, and beaten by Dwade TWICE?  Man what the fuck. Fuck this now I gotta go to bed for six cuz I stayed up late to watch my team get dicked raw by a team thats giving fifteen fucking shots to fucking Justin Fucking Holiday. Good night.
Fuck it I don't care anymore. I wanna see Monk and Treveon starting for us I don't give a damn anymore this team is sad
> bury me in some fucking assets you greedy son of a bitch

For real. Kemba doesn't need this shit and it's time. This is a pro sports franchise...a business....NOT A FAMILY despite what some corny fans wanna pretend

Trade Kemba and rebuild..Losing is losing, might as well do it while moving up instead of stagnating in this forgettable middle-ground for a decade.
you could point this to the harsh schedule but then there are the inexcusable loses to Cleveland, Chicago, Miami, and Boston which could’ve had us at 13-11. Could you believe?
>I THINK YOU MEAN *a lot...





^^I ^^AM ^^A ^^BOT^^^beep^boop!
Now ***this*** is something I can get behind
dis·ap·point·ment

ˌdisəˈpointmənt/

noun

1)the feeling of sadness or displeasure caused by the nonfulfillment of one's hopes or expectations.

2)The Charlotte Hornets NBA franchise 

synonyms:sadness, Insects, Bees regret, dismay, sorrow

plural noun: disappointments, Wasps

"the Hornets proved a disappointment"
I mean there's not much else to say at this point..
This is the worst team in the NBA and it isn't close.
Sorry to hear that, man. Keep your head up.
This was my takeaway. Gives me hope. Probably a dangerous thing...hope that is. 

Sucks we were short a few guys tonight. But still, this should have been a winnable game.
And it’s so weird because on paper, they look, at the very least, decent. I just don’t get it
Spot on about Dwight Howard. And the worst part is...

He's all smiles when he's got 20 and 20 and we lose. Like he could care less as long as he gets his.

Kemba on the other hand will score 47 and be fucking pissed off. 
I have no idea who you're talking to, but placing demolition charges under the entire roster and saying "we're going to suck for a few years" is tanking.

Yes, you're tanking to rebuild via high draft picks. It's still tanking. You're putting together a terrible team intentionally.
yeah but the raptors also sucked and were fucking supposed to suck. 
I think the biggest thing on Frank is that nobody contests that he is awful at the 4.  At the 5, however, he has had success, he just doesnt get minutes there because of current roster construction.
No that's almost completely wrong.

Steve Clifford has had all of the problems he's having this year in the past when he wasn't ill.
Assuming we get rid of Dwight (Which after tonight, I badly want to do), Frank can take the backup C with no issues, with minutes at the 4 in the games where thats actually doable.
I didn't see the game. how was Dwight bad tonight? 
Ground the offense to a halt by posting up, made the defense play 4 against 5 because he wouldn't leave a 10 square foot area under the basket.  You know, the usual.
He can see Dwight is awful.  But there are tiers of awful, and Dwight is on a better one than Shumpert and Frye.

And no, I wouldn't give up an asset to get rid of him, because we won't have to.
I'm so sad that I won't be there. To get one of these. Anyone?
What would your trades be then? Who really needs Kemba that bad?  I'm thinking of teams that need to make a push in the playoffs 
My bad I truly meant to say Monk and Bacon! 
7 wins would've gotten us Anthony Davis if the lottery gods didnt hate us. We tried the tanking thing
If you expect Simmons to be Duncan/LaReux, you're gonna have a bad time.
If Kemba goes down for an extended period of time, whether we want to or not we'll be losing a lot of games.

Otherwise, I think we need to reevaluate where we are in late December/early January. If we are below .500 still, I'd prefer we pack it in and tank. 
You can't tank unless you move Kemba. We will never be bad enough to tank with Kemba
We'd just fuck up the draft anyways.
FUCK THAT GOON PORTIS
Holy fuck if they didn't call something there I might have had a stroke, my blood pressure is through the roof rn lmfao. Why do I do this to myself?
We are very very fucking bad. Fuck this shit. 

Looks like no one cares beyond Marvin. 
I'm going to this one, cant wait. I wonder if the bad weather is gonna affect the turnout though....
Holy fuck Monk did you think he wasn't gonna shoot that?
I just started watching and they showed that the Bulls have turned the ball over 14 times in the 4th, how is this a game?
Obviously worst loss of the season so far. We’re in big trouble if our bench doesn’t improve. Batum had been so disappointing.
Obviously worst loss of the season so far. We’re in big trouble if our bench doesn’t improve. Batum had been so disappointing.
Boy just when you think it can’t get any worse... you lose at home to the worst team in the league
At least Al had post moves. Feeding Dwight is woefully inefficient
I predict a 6th sense type ending to this..  you will find out you've already been dead!
I mean it's complicated.  The offensive crap is definitely on them -- they're running a stone age offense.

But the defensive crap?  Tonight I would say it was mostly on Dwight.
Fuck no, he sucks ass
...

I mean seriously how.
FUCK
We're running out of depressed songs to lyric chain in these bad news threats for fucks sake man
Mother fucker. Really hope Cody is alright, dude has the worst injury luck. We have to make a trade now or the season is lost. The only "silver lining" is we no longer have three centers taking up two spots every game
I hate life dude.
Ya but the guy he's drafted isn't even allowed to play by the terrible coaching staff.
"Jordan's been pretty hands-off in terms of personnel for like half a decade now...This narrative badly needs a bullet to the head."

You are living in a fantasy land.

http://grantland.com/the-triangle/good-charlotte-the-hornets-and-the-sliding-scale-of-nba-mediocrity/ 




Your complain isn't bullshit but using reports from years ago to justify the talent of Clifford is ridiculous. Things change. Two years ago Phil Jackson was thought to be a genius and a savior of Knicks basketball, Hoiberg was the guy to put the Bulls over the edge and Thibs was gonna make the Wolves a defensive powerhouse
That and the ones hes signed have mostly been terrible.
Yeah, this is pointless...
Comparing an actual NBA coach (which Cliff, for all his issues, is) to Mark Jackson is actually suuuuper insulting.

Cliff has major issues with his approach in games. Jackson is just a bad coach all year-round.
I don't hate it, who would you like us to get for Frank and Marvin.  Clarkson, Hood?
Jordan owns at least 89.5% as of 2014.  [Source](https://www.si.com/si-wire/2014/06/12/hornets-michael-jordan-billionaire-after-increasing-stake)
Agreed. Even when we cut it to a 7 point deficit, it felt like 30. We didn't have that problem in 15-16. I think the common denominator in being "unlucky" the past 2 seasons is how shitty the bench units have been. Thinking about having Lin/Big Al/Good Jeremy Lamb/Hawes/Troy makes me sad.
I know MCW blew like 2 layups

MCW had the towel over his head. Felt bad for him.

Chin up man.
Why is Monk not playing? MCW sucks 
"Michael Carter-Williams is bad" rates a solid 0/10 on the surprise scale for me.
MCW is the worst. He is a G-League player. Just being 6'6" is not a reason to play him when we are down by 15 points. He cant shoot deep, he cant shoot close, he cant pass, his D is suspect. He is the Lance Stephenson of this years team. I guarantee not playing right now is hurting Monk's confidence too.
We are not good and we keep trotting out the same lineup and rotations that have given us terrible results.
WE HAVE THE SAME RECORD AS THE FUCKING BROOKLYN NETS
And they don't have fucking Lin or Dangelo Russell either.
I just want to see the same principles that were applied to Monk, also applied to an equally unproven MCW. I'm sick of the hypocrisy of this coaching staff.
I see your point, but Marco could at least put the ball in the hoop on occasion. MCW has the offensive ability of a rookie Biz out there.
Absolutely killed our momentum. We wouldve brought it within 5. Fuck him.
he had heart procedures done in 2013, hope he's not stressed out from the fan base wanting his head 20 games into the season.
Too bad Ewing left to Georgetown
that's bad imo. if it's not heart it could be something worse.

i don't want to speculate but..it COULD be something like cancer.
I'd save that for a GM that didn't pick Kaminsky when they could have gone with Booker or 1sts from fucking Boston
MCW needs to quit fucking shooting. Fucking damn it can't even make a wide open layup.

How the FUCK are we playing his sorry ass over Monk?????
Hopefully Cho and the rest of the front office are seeing how bad some of these guys are and not chalking this performance up to Cliff being out.  Marvin, Batum, and MCW specifically have been really bad not just tonight but all season.  We have guys like Monk and Treveon who deserve some of their minutes.  Changes need to be made
MCW doesn't do a single thing well in the game of basketball. It's a classic case of scouts/coaches being enamored with size.

How he is still in the league, let alone our fucking backup PG is beyond me. 
how we gettin fucked when the warriors dont have curry or draymond. jeez we blow cock.
We are a bad 2 weeks away from the season being over by Christmas. I really never imagined it going this poorly.
Tank for Bagley. Fuck this.
I’m gonna live the rest of my life with the Hornets always being bad aren’t I?
Monk can't be much worse than MCW...
And MCW misses a completely wide open layup that would cut it to 5. Awful. 
I came to your sub specifically to join in being annoyed at how bad Michael Carter-Williams is. I don't get how he's a rotation player for anyone in 2017. Play the damn rookie
I dont know what's worse, our play or the watch ESPN app on PS4.
Seriously put Monk in for 1 minute? Why fucking bother man this coaching staff makes me fucking sick.
We are getting destroyed by Quinn Fucking Cook
FINALLY ANOTHER FUCKING CALL
Is it just me or does ESPN commentary get worse by the month?

"Hornets seem to be struggling to score"

"Put MJ in the game!"-Jalen

smfh
I already have the whiskey on hand to prepare for this game...
This offense is fucking embarrassing. Brick after brick of open shots. Put Malik fucking Monk in the game. I'm so sick of seeing his talent wasting away on the bench.
These commentators are awful. 
Apparently Draymond Green is sitting out of tonight's game too....now if the Hornets lose to The Warriors without Curry & Draymond then I would be highly disappointed. 
It's annoying watching the vets suck it up while the rookies ride pine.
Glimpses of hope this quarter at least. 
why in god's name is MCW in the game?? what the actual fuck.
It is bad times in Carolina sports.
Unless Durant gets ejected and Klay has an off shooting night, this will probably be ugly.
Fucking pack it up guys, this one is done.  

I wish teams could forfeit to the Warriors rather than get embarrassed on national television.  We all know they will be in the finals, why risk injury and getting doused on your home court while having to listen to the ESPN announcers find things to talk about?
So bad
That was also ridiculous. 
Our offense is painful to watch. Bottom five in assists and the majority of our attempts are midrange shots and contested iso shots. Zero movement.
That was ridiculous. 
It's gonna be ugly.
Pretty fucking terrible lmfao but that's always been our issue 
Don't know why you got downvoted. The Panthers' play does not reflect their record. And the hurricanes are sucking per usual.
And yet I'll still sit up until 2 am to watch it because I am a sucker for punishment. 
Zaza and McCaw are both out and Draymond Green is doubtful.  Very shorthanded squad as it is.
Holy shit, I didn't realize how awful our road record was
Our offense is almost as boring as the fans in the arena. Absolutely zero hype and way too many miserable fucking bandwagoners in the crowd. Guess they're not gonna cheer because their precious Curry isn't playing.
True but hard for me to be really disappointed if they lose, it's still a dangerous team and a tough out
That's what i'm saying don't assume victory before the game (but it doesn't mean "expect to lose" either).
And I'm speaking from the position of having just bought tickets for a February game. :(
No not any team. I was very disappointed we didn't beat the bulls. They're not a dangerous team.
Monk should be playing. Dude scored 25 points in his 8th game ever. Had 21 against the Knicks and two games later started riding pine. It's absurd what the coaches have done with him in favor of MCW on a one year deal.
You play him over MCW and Bacon. It isn't a hard question to answer
Fire Cause he's awful and brings down the team 
Poor Dell. Last year when Dallas came to Charlotte Seth was hurt so Dell didn't see him play, this year Steph is hurt.

I mean he still goes to their games sometimes, but it's harder since he's employed with us. Still sucks for him as a Father.
I mean, that cant hurt our chances. 
Dude I've been looking as well to no avail. :(
Black and tan coonhound! I mean he's a mutt, but that's what he is closest too.



Fuck that shit
It's not very good of you to be so judgemental, dude. It's poisonous.
bad bot
Didn't watch the game, how did Silas do? 
I really want to see what Silas can do with this team without the Clifford bullshit. Mad about 0 minutes for Monk 
DEVIN BOOKER with 46 tonight. WHYYYYYYY... Fuck we suck at drafting.
His defense is worse than everyone on our teams, including Monk.
He's like a bad version of Lamb, he still needs a lot of time to develop, this isn't a rebuilding team so he won't get many chances to learn from bad mistakes, he's on a short leash since this team was built for the playoffs. But I'd rather give all of MCW's minutes to him.
He seriously needs to be banned from shooting jumpers. 
We actually do have a solid team.  Our schedule has been brutal and players have been out.  I don't like to make excuses, but this team is at least a playoff caliber team based on our talent.  I'd like to see Clifford fired, but I don't have my hopes up for that.
We're so bad with Clifford, God had fucking to intervene to get change to happen
FUCK YEAH SILAS 
> [Steve Clifford \(illness\) will miss tonight’s Hornets game vs. Orlando. Associate head coach Stephen Silas will assume head coaching responsibilities.](https://twitter.com/HornetsPR/status/937801115558645761)
Probably not. If it's a close game at the end Silas will have the opportunity to call it by ear (even then I doubt he deviates much) but for the rest of the game he'll probably just stick to Cliff's set rotations. 
Well, at least we know Silas as HC doesn't fix the problem with rotations
Why are we advertising the Warriors game showing them kill us
Tons of upper-level tickets under $10 for tonight’s game. 
Tuned in late, whats up with Clifford? 
Thank God we're cutting Bacon's minutes down. #freetreveon 
sometimes moms get drunk too.
I still need to make it to a game sometime 
Real low energy refs out there. Sad!
Eh, I'd be shocked if we even make the playoffs. 7th seed is our ceiling at this point.
#FREEMATTCARROLL

It's the equivalent other than that he hasn't been in the booth. What's everyone's reasoning why they don't like Steph's replacement? Etc. we need to just have a discussion and not sticky/mega thread something opinionated. 

Edit: didn't mean for that to triple post so I deleted them within a minute. My phone is awful.
The upside is Clarkson could try to come in Eric's lap every night.  Not sure who that's an upside for yet
Both of those deals are awful 
Considering the Lakers have no intention of paying Randle this summer, and Clarkson is a good-not-great combo guard who plays questionable defense, I would say Zeller's value alone exceeds the value of Randle + Clarkson + Bryant. Adding in Kaminsky and Bacon to the trade, too? Seems like a massive overpay to me. 
I don't understand why it's being down voted or why you'd think it's awful? I didn't mean they get both Marvin and MKG, I meant they take there pick. Maybe that's the issue? Idk. Whatever. My brain isn't working from lack of sleep.
Nah that is a terrible trade for the Lakers.  As a Hornets fan I would take it though 
That was poorly coached 

Anyone want a Mercedesbenzofsharlotte
Steve Clifford is the worst coach in the league
yeah we suck no more positive posts for the next week sorry guys :(
Went to the game, god that was painful. If we wanna look at the positives I saw more hornets fans than I ever had a game in Miami.
this game made me legitimately depressed
Dwight Howard cost us that game with those turnovers and stupid fouls.
fuck no we dont. I want a HOF caliber coach, not a product of Bobcats nepotism
You know I've hated the negativity normally but I finally agree with you #WEWANTSILAS
Does Clifford hate us 
I want Fizzdale, at least we can be a memeteam if not a dream team
The bad*

The ugly*

The uglier*
This is just ridiculous at some point.
Monk is in our worst 5 man & 3 man lineups and people around here want to crucify Cliff for not playing him more.
As much as I’d hate to see him go, when the time comes if he chooses to part ways I wouldn’t be mad at him. 
Game listed as “L”
Is there any doubt?  MCW is the starter, I'd be shocked if Cliff started Monk

But hopefully Monk gets closer to 20 minutes and plays along side MCW some or something
SMMRY tl;dr

>Dwight Howard - yes, that Dwight Howard - crossed up Jakob Poeltl before rising for a nasty two-handed stuff all over vaunted shot-blocker Serge Ibaka.

>After four straight inglorious endings in Orlando, Los Angeles, Houston and Atlanta, Howard has been reinvigorated in Charlotte.

>According to ESPN's Zach Lowe, some Hawks players cheered when they learned Atlanta traded Howard to Charlotte.

This isnt an overreaction. We are helplessly terrible. We were up 16-1 and I still knew we would be losing by halftime
Christ this has been ugly.
Lmfao who keeps drawing these circles and shit  on the screen at random times
Why does Dwight have to be such a punk-ass sometimes.  He does stupid shit and then acts innocent when they call it.  Just play the game bro.  And it negatively affects the rest of our team because then the refs start calling it tighter on all of our players and they get mad and then we get T’d up and next thing you know our lead is gone.  Fuck.
I fucking despise everything associated with the Miami Heat organization, so thus I do not like it that we are going to lose. Fuck this team is playing like shit. Constant chokejobs
FIRE CLIFFORD. TRADE MKG AND/OR BATUM/KAMINSKY.

STOP GIVING HOWARD POST TOUCHES. 9 FUCKING TURNOVERS.
I believe Clifford said Kemba is more like doubtful even though he's listed as questionable. So I wouldn't bet on him playing tbh. I have a feeling Lamb will play though.
I'm drunk. It should feel like less pain, but this team is hurting me. They scored 1 point in 5 minutes and now it's almost tied
Frank sucks bro you're drunk and saying shit you don't mean because he made one 3. I promise you're going to wake up hungover, and still hating Frank.
Your just mad he is such a long range threat
Yeah but turnovers for both team are hard to watch. And refs are going through phases of calling everything or calling nothing.
chriss or bender + the miami picks is fucking lowballing for kemba
SMMRY tl;dr

>After a 5-9 start to the season for the Charlotte Hornets, head coach Steve Clifford decided to bench 2017 first-round pick Malik Monk in favor of the returning Michael Carter-Williams citing defense as the reasoning.

>With Monk on the court, Charlotte had an abysmal 111 defensive rating which is tied for worst on the team with Kemba Walker.

>Another option would be to bench fellow rookie, Dwayne Bacon, move Jeremy Lamb to the backup small forward spot and play Monk alongside MCW in the second unit's backcourt.

Kemba is doubtful, what this shit saying he's questionable 
Julyan Stone 22 minute game incoming.
Cause I'm from the area and I like rooting for my local team. This is my escape and I'm not gonna take it that seriously the point I write fucking manifestos about how bad the team is. If it really makes you mad then go watch a top team. Nothing is stopping you 
Weird, I don't see any mention of tanking.
You are a fucking masochist if this is your escape 
I mean he starts at point guard though...
Minute distribution tonight was absolutely atrocious.
Great game from Dwight and solid offensive contributions off the bench from Lamb, Frank and Monk but our defense was awful for all of the game besides the start of the third and Clifford's insistence on playing MCW (who was horrible) really killed us. Like I don't understand how he watched 3 quarters of MCW and thought playing him to close the game was a good idea. Seriously mind boggling how insistent this man is on sticking to his stupid rotations even when they're not working.
Our defense is terrible. Why does someone on the other team always go 7/10 from 3pt range against us? Because we play the softest perimeter D and let them get in rhythm. The offense has no movement but today they didn't have Kemba to bail them out. We hit some shots but the looks we get are always terrible compared to other teams.
We don’t have a PG outside of Kemba, same with last season. MCW and Sessions aren’t fucking PGs, they’re terrible basketball players.
Ur right on everything about Monks defense. He’s dying on screens and overhelping causing open corner 3s. He looked real bad tonight, but still should be playing more than MCW, who 3 separate fanbases all came 2 the same conclusion on (hint he’s awful and shouldn’t be getting minutes on an nba team)
Yeah its highly unlikely, but crazier things have happened
In the one with Clifford, Felix talks the entire promo and then at the end hands a basketball to coach Clifford. Clifford is just standing there beside Felix the whole time smiling like an idiot.
Fuck. 

Colin. 

Cowherd. 
Same sort of thing happens on mine, too. That, and the commercials come on at twice the volume of the game. Highly annoying. 
Not available in Australia :(
Fuck it. Give monk 40 minutes
MKG is rocking some serious production with Kemba off the floor this season. Wonder if he will step it up tonight? https://fantasy5x5.com/nba/player/?team=CHA&player=Kemba%20Walker
Howard 40-20 game incoming? probably not, but a man can dream.
Monk proceeds to get negative minutes
Smh second bit of Hendo hate ive seen this season. We were blessed to witness Kmart Kobe.
MCW 50 point game in bound
MCW had an awful quarter 
we just need to moisten this game up. This is about to get ugly and we just need to see if Monk can go off
Why is Fox Sports Go always so crappy? The stream jumps around at random and buffers like crazy.
this is an ugly start
Gosh, Monk's defense is really poor. He's got a lot of work to do on that end.
Man this is frustrating
Calling it now [Frank with the game winner tonight](https://imgur.com/gallery/VAfLNHd)
Things could get ugly tonight without Kemba. 
I thought they decided that velociraptors were basically feisty chickens?  Looking forward to some Monk minutes. Hopefully won't get too ugly
awful half. Holy cow he looks terrible at every facet

8-12 dear god this is getting bad. 
Yeah, I don’t usually complain about officiating, but this is just terrible.
Yeah but at the time it didn’t seem like that bad of a deal even if he didn’t put up all star numbers.  What he’s done this season hasn’t been close to his 2015-2016 season
Without him we are way worse than mediocre
Admittedly Kemba going home to NYC is probably the coolest of these terrible options 
Need to trade Batum.  He's awful.  Him coming back hasn't helped one bit.
> [Injury Report: Hornets Kemba Walker \(L shoulder AC contusion\) is doubtful & Frank Kaminsky \(R foot sprain\) is probable at TOR.](https://twitter.com/HornetsPR/status/935556271519993856)
can we swap tht around pls and make frank doubtful and kemba probable
Frank Walker is doubtful Kemba Kaminsky is probable.  Thank me later
Malik is always set-up to fail with Cliff I’m afraid 
we need to blow up the team, ASAP. We're the worst free throw shooting team in the league and somewhere between 20-25th worst shooting team in the league. WE WILL NEVER WIN WITH THIS OFFENSE. We need to trade away all of these "potential" players that are trash, like MKG and Kaminsky, and just give minutes to rookies.
The worst part of any Hornets' season are the fake fans with no clue what they're talking about who only show up when we're losing.
Regardless of what your position is on Net Neutrality is, if you think there is a serious threat your ability to access random streams (which are already illegal) will be impacted then you are ill-informed.

Rest assured, your ISP will not charge you extra for illegal content.
What exactly has the FCC done that you object to? The "all government is bad and regulations are evil" argument is straight-up bullshit. We all benefit from government regulation every single day. To just assume that the FCC will do something evil despite their stated intentions being the opposite based on some blanket notion about bureaucracy is seriously ignorant. The FCC's motive here is to protect consumers. The telecom companies' motives are to squeeze more money out of us.
Oh no lets all be ashamed of him, how terrible /s
I hope Kemba plays this one angry.  The loss last night is on him, he needs to break some ankles tonight.
This schedule is insane.  I feel like we just have a rotation of Spurs, Cavs, GS, OKC and Boston.
the game is over, everyone looks exausted (except Dwight) and now Kemba is out.
The Spurs moves the ball so well also which demands a lot of effort on Defense.
I hate this fucking team. Less than 30 in a half. That would be an above average quarter....
wooo that was painful to watch! We look really tired.

Batum is out of shape and out of rythm, the problem is that he has to play to get back in "game shape" and find his rythm.
fuck
I’m no doctor but when he left for the tunnel they were holding his arm in place and his wrist was limp :(
The first half was too bad to recover from I think 
29 points in a half? we go hard in tha mathafuckin paint
I hate back to backs
Terrible call.
this is awful offense. we seriously need to trade most of our team
Yeah dude I got banned (temporarily) for some fuck shit
Last night? Damn those mods are lame. Did they say you were being a dick or something like jaynay?
No this was a while ago. it's a bit complicated, but I made an acronym that spelled out "fuck kd" while acting as if I was a big kd homer. If I have the chance I'll just copy/paste the comment. It got me banned though.
did you watch last night's game? we looked like shit on offense there too
All of those blown calls were bad but the most egregious was the last one. That was really, really bad. I swear the officials are upset about upsetting Lebron. 
LeBron is clearly the worst player of all time man.  Look at the stats
TLDW; Fuck
our offence is always terrible in the 4th quarter
What an awful 4th quarter
Kemba: 2/11 from 3 and 6/21 overall.

He threw away the game with that horrible long 3 at the end. 
#CLIFFORD NEEDS TO GO!!! 

Lack of a gameplan down the stretch lost us this game
Sigh. Well at least it is almost Sunday. 
Cliff coached one hell of a game!
How much longer is MJ going to watch Clifford be the worst late game coach in the NBA before he makes a change? Those last 3 shots to close the game were absolutely pathetic.
If that's what happened then that's just bad luck.  No way you anticipate that foul there.
Dwight was the only one that could hit FTs in the 4th. So disappointing. 
IMO it was that stupid long 3 that Kemba missed at the end (along with his terrible shooting overall) that cost us this game. 
Yeah awfully convenient that call gets changed to an offensive foul
A fucking trash can for all I care. Let Nic coach while his elbow is healing? Or Julyan Stone? Maybe bring in Mike Shula even. 

We always lose close games and it's not a coincidence. Clifford is not a good coach. We have too much talent.
I guess I'm wrong, but I feel like he just attempts them sometimes when the defense is too tight and he has no real chance of making them. Sometimes I think he can dish it out instead.
Yeah obviously it wouldn't, but the dude couldn't hit anything tonight which would be fine but he was cold and took stupid shots. 
I mean he did play poorly tonight though.  IDK why he'd be exempt from criticism.
I mean, it's fair to call a bad performance a bad performance. That doesn't mean the loss was on him though.
fuck you guys. I'm expecting the w. 
Wow. I hate to say it but Kemba lost us that game. Couldn’t get to the basket at all in the 4th
Kemba please :(
Dear god we can’t make anything late in 4th quarters
This game is beyond over
Even with Batum injured, STILL NO MONK. Fuck you Clifford.

Edit: I stand corrected. THANK YOU CLIFF.

Edit 2: I stand corrected again. 2 minutes? Fuck you Clifford.
Our defense has been atrocious.  Nobody is locked in
these announcers on NBATV are amateurs, so bad
the fact that d whistle can screach at a ref to 'call a fucking foul' right after dwight is T'd up after getting mauled is the reason I hate refs inconsistancy in games.

Is it bad that I really, really don't want to watch this 4th quarter? 
Kemba just made up for being a little cold with the steal
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT SHOT JEREMY?
KEMBA WTF WAS THAT
i hate life. 
Drive to the basket and get a fucking foul
MCW is making up for how bad Kemba is playing 
Why does Kemba always play bad when we need him in close games lately
I want Dwight to have another nice game, but the Cavs are an awful matchup for him, just stretch "bigs".

It's gonna be difficult tonight, i just want us to play well and still be in the game late. Then happen what will happen in the 4th QT
Kemba breaking my heart :(
ya'll got some mad tunnel vision
Kemba brick, game over
Frank inbounding fuck. Also jesus we're going to post up dwight aren't we
Drive the fucking basket!!!!!
Enrins defense when he turns it up is suffocating 
Selfish LBJ playing for himself like always
not watching another game this year until this fat bald fuck is gone. worst loss of the season. cavs played like shit and we choked.
We're going to fucking lose.
mkg worthless
4th or all game?
Also, yes Frank got screwed on a bad offensive foul call, but that's 0 excuse for being 1 step better than useless for the rest of the game.
Same. Fucking terrible.
https://imgur.com/a/olBwd

Well that's how they ruled it, but it's flatly wrong.
not OP but they're brutal
Unfortunately I don't have a computer over break
Oh thank God its not something worse
Maybe, but I thought fans chanting “We want Monk” while MCW was at the line was distasteful. MCW has been a stud and it’s not his fault. 
I'm a big believer that when the time comes when we can't deny Monk 25+ minutes, we're gonna have a lot of serious decisions to make with this roster. That wing/gaurd depth just isn't sustainable if both Monk and Bacon are forcing their way into the rotation, but we're hung for serious money with almost all of these guys
I’m not feeling moist lately
Not sure why we're upvoting or posting Percy when he's been demonstrably wrong about injuries twice before and doesn't seem to have any reliable connection to any legit sources. He's literally just a dude.
My bad. I did at least put a disclaimer in my title. I have the same hang ups with him as everyone else, just desperate for any information haha
Low key hated the Heat during the Lebron years, but that playoff series against us confirmed all my hate 
Why do you want to know? Sounds to me like you're a lazy journalist looking to crowd source research. 

Is your name Rick Bonnell by chance?
It already past time to drive home drunk
God this is horrible but I love it
Hats off to your terrible but clever punnery
I Kembalieve these puns are so bad. 
I’ve been meaning to play that game for years
Holy shit Jeremy lamb is cold blooded. That block was nuts.
Jeremy Lamb is a bad man.
WE WON A CLOSE GAME!!!
Man, my feelings for Dwight change every single game.
I don't wanna jinx it but I started my fanship of the Hornets after the Bulls game and haven't missed a game since... now I'm scared to... 
Psychic-type Pokemon are weak to Bug-types.
Oh, hell.

Is this a serious injury?
Batum wasn't caught up to game shape to start with. This ain't gonna help.
Are you drunk?
I'd have to say no. I think it's a little late for that unfortunately.
Just a heads up: Hornets are 2-0 when /u/net_403 watch the game together 
i'm in DC metro area so I get no Stephanie/Dell/Eric today :(. I get the lame wizard homers
Get that weak ish outta here
awful start from batum.
Man kemba is getting some tough rolls off the rim
Is there a prize for least rebounds tonight?
Both our and their backcourt shooting pretty bad!
It's that secret sauce mang
I like the Wizards commentators :(
:(
I’m starting to come around a bit on all the Clifford hate.  Rooks need minutes.  And the defense tonight was a bag of ass due to positioning.  That’s poor coaching.
"Fuck /r/CharlotteHornets" - Frank, probably
Does anyone have a video of the Cody three?, I exited the stream too early :(
I thought that Frank crossover was gonna be my highlight of the game, but Cody with the three takes the cake.
This joke was way too subtle for me. Fuck. Downvoted and then upvoted. 
just watched the highlights expecting to see at least a couple Zeller threes.... nope
Nah, we have a brutal 3 game stretch and we need to steal at least one of those. We can beat Washington and San Antonio and we need to beat at least one. I fully expect us to get annihilated by the Cavs though
Negative comments in what regard?
I’m an NC State fan. Can I make negative comments?
This week is brutal man. Minny's going to be tough, probably going to lose the Wiz and Cavs, and then San Antonio is always a challenge. 

Please don't end up 6-13 Hornets. 8-11 would be dandy. 
Ooooooh we've got an angry Kemba. 15-20 point quarter incoming. 
Playing Williams and Crawford in two games in a row is awful, i don't like these type of player.
im so tired of seeing our dumb fuck players getting raped at mid court
Wiz are bad without wall and he's banged up. Missed last night with a knee injury that's been bothering him for weeks. That's not an automatic L
That would require Monk to get minutes, and unfortunately it looks like MCW will get his minutes for some insane reason
You spelled Frank wrong.



But seriously, Monk was benched last game, MCW took his place.
Anytime you want to watch a game, hmu if you're in the Nati! 
Oh shit I thought you lived in Cincy ya!

Yeah 100% crazy. I'm hoping we lose here on out so some transformations happen 
"That jitterbug step-back... is *violent*"
Commands attention? He's shooting less than 35%.  

Monk's Defensive RPM is -1.87, which ranks him 419 out of 429.
Bacon's Defensive RPM is -0.38, which ranks him 275 out of 429.

Monk has been absolutely horrible on both ends of the floor except for like 3 quarters.
This man is our Dirk and we haven't done him justice. Every time I see videos like this I'm disgusted with our performance.
Someone get this man a gofundme, we need him at every game
Why are you doing a game recap if you didn't even watch the game haha
Neat stat. I wonder how their openent fg% stats compare. Dwight may be averaging less blocks but just his presence can force opponents to avoid shots or take bad ones.
Damn. Not good for Dwight. 
I've been asking this since Friday

All the scores on the sub were suddenly hidden for an hour or so at the end of the week

I asked about it in a game thread and got no response

/u/civrock /u/theinspiration7 ?
weird. Now I see them.
You know what makes this worse? The injury is from when he slammed the ground after missing the potential game winner. You can see him grabbing it a little after the play. #JustHornetsThings
Well fuck my mouth.
I'm planning on wearing a paper bag over my head to the game tonight that says:

Charlotte ~~Hornets~~ Bobcats
I would imagine it would be hard for Kemba to be motivated for this after the effort put in yesterday and still getting the L. God I hope we can beat the Clippers.
By god we won a game
Here it goes boys.  Get ready to be disappointed 
Team we should beat that's slumping hard... we all know how this one goes.
This lineup is significantly worse with MKG instead of Lamb. 
I mean if they're not going to let us rebound what are we supposed to do?
Malice at the Spectrum. Game gets canceled and both teams are appointed a lost. 
Hard to be disappointed if you have [no expectations of success](https://pixel.nymag.com/imgs/daily/selectall/2017/02/09/09-roll-safe.w710.h473.jpg)
I mean he's still had 7 plays by my count where he did something stupid and gave the Clippers a possession size advantage.  He's getting the things that go well for him to go though.

Also, Batum's been a big chunk of that.
Outside of Lamb (and Cody playing an auxiliary support role), the bench is flat out terrible offensively. 
I mean it's nothing to do with the personnel and everything to do with individuals making bad decisions.  Batum and Howard both made bad decisions in the MKG version and held off on that in the Lamb version.
Nah, we needed a career game from Kemba to come within two of the Bulls
Never won at a game Ive been at.
We just failed against slumping Chicago... the Clipper fans don't know shit about commitment to failure
:(
At least MKG is closing games again.  Now the issue is that Zeller isnt.
u/ReidM15 calling you an idiot is gold.
Hornets meme culture is slowly growing
I really hate these types of posts, but I think it's time. 
We're fucking terrible.

Kemba Walker scored **47**.  Against the Bulls.  And we lost.
Fuck it all. Kemba deserves better. If we can't beat the league's worst team what are we even doing with this roster?
This is some Bobcats shit. Feel real bad for Kemba putting up almost 50 and coming out with a L. 
Kemba needs to explode on somebody after this game... Are you shitting me...
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT

Kemba drops 47 and we get outscored in the 4th by 12 to lose by 3.  

GOD.   
FUCKING.   
DAMMIT.   
I am shocked that Kemba missed that layup at the end, I would have bet my life on that
HOW THE FUCK DID THAT LAYUP NOT GO IN???
Playing the Bulls ☑️
Kemba has a 40 point game ☑️
Still lose ☑️
Fucking Hell we can't even beat the worst team in the country 
Fucking fire MJ i dont give a shit
That's a tough one to swallow

This shit is so fucking painful. 
Fuck it. Trade Kemba while his value is insanely high, and fucking tank. This isn't working. This has to end, even if it hurts for a while.
This is wild. :(
I was screaming when that lane opened up. FUCK
Back to being the worst team of all time
> I act like I know a lot about basketball but I dont

Get off reddit, Clifford, and go study a game plan
An inconvenient truth
But they also hit some absolutely insane contested shots tonight along with it, which is why it's hard for me to completely lose it over this game.
Like I said, only game I've seen but it wasn't just the shots not falling (his statline wasn't even terrible) Lamb was just racking up dumb fouls and didn't seem to know where he should be.  Feels like he's been in the league too long to play that way.

Does Charlotte see themselves as a playoff team? If so then I guess the Monk minutes make sense but you'd think you'd want to see if you could develop chemistry between him and Kemba and decide if that's your core moving forward.
Our defense is awful it’s about time someone said something. We have ZERO chemistry on defense.
Err, have you ever actually seen a Hornets game?  Or at least one involving Cody Zeller
The thing is that deal was supposed to get worse over time, but wasting last year because of Clifford mishandling the bench, which was already terrible to start with, made it to where the section where that deal was supposed to be really good irrelevant while the section where it was supposed to be bad started to loom even harder.
We have a really bad allergic reaction to 4th quarters
I mean, when marv is literally hunched over and can't breathe maybe consider taking him out.
Clifford gonna be sweatin' if we lose this game
I want to like Dwight. But man when he plays like this is it hard.
Really stupid timeout, let Kemba take it against scrambling defense.
This is absurd. Clifford has to be fired. There is no point in doing this anymore. Rip the band aid off and move on.
DH12 consistently turning it over and being a terrible post player.

MKG consistently shooting the worst shot in basketball. The long 2. 

Fuck this starting 5. 
If we lose this game I seriously doubt we have the fortitude to get an 8 seed.

With how pathetic the East is Coach Clifford and the team should be ashamed.
Bulls are one of the worst teams in the league right now...how are we tied at halftime?!
THAT WAS A FUCKING FOUL
>The most "winable game" of the month we can't afford to lose.

Dammit Ricky Bobby, why'd you have to go and say that..

Don't you put that evil on us
if we lose tonight we dont need to shake it up, we need to have a fucking team meeting and everyone will go around the circle shitting on frank
Al had legitimate post moves and decent vision, even if he didn't pass often. I made a compilation of every jump shot Dwight has taken this season and it is truly horrifying. I am seriously considering making another one of every turnover.
This is what people mean when they complain about this sub being prone to knee-jerk overreactions, by the by.
Guys are dying on every screen. All season so far. It's pathetic.
Just look at our schedule for Feb March and April. Why say tank now when we've got ages and we have the worst schedule in the league at the current time 
It would be one thing if he was wrong, but he isn't in this case. Dwight giving up on the defensive end is making MKG look worse though.
I'm not seriously advocating for tanking if we lose, I was joking about how frustrated I'll be
Regardless I'm sick of everyone saying how terrible we're doing and many are saying if we lose this game we won't make playoffs. There's 82 games. This is our 14th. We have time to improve and our schedule only gets easier as the season continues. 
I haven't listened yet but I guarantee he mentions "physicality" and "toughness" at least 10 times.
When what you're doing isn't working, doubling down on what you're doing is a questionable play.

Beyond that, I've got nothing constructive to add.
He said Monk is the backup PG and MCW isn't even in our rotation, with no concrete plan to put him into the rotation. How does that equal him cutting our rookies minutes? Y'all are a trip.
As awful as the Bobcats were, Okafor, Wallace, and Walker were some serious positives for that organization.
Fuck George Shinn.
he had 1 with no dribbles this game! Still sort of stepped into though. I agree though--if you're not comfortable to pull it off the catch your man will always sag off you. 
Damn our crowd was dead the cavs fans in the building were louder for the majority of the game
Is someone going to make a gif of MKG doing that shimmy on the bench after Kemba's and-one?  Then at least this game won't be a total disaster. 
Fuck de 4th quarter.
Well crap, I had planned to do game notes but I apparently crashed asleep like 30 minutes before game start.
Lost a game we were supposed to lose. Can't really be that mad. 
Clifford can fucking go away already. Go on a 10-0 scoring run with LeBron on the bench. How the fuck do you do that?
MKG looking like Gerald Wallace this game 
Complete reversal from how I felt about the two teams five games ago. I mean I saw these losses coming, but the way we lost just makes it so much worse
Yep.  Had the opportunity to take charge in the 3rd, but we played sloppy, settled for jump shots, and let the Cavs hang around.  
You can be mad because the reason we lost is because their bench fucking cooked us while LeBron sat. They got the lead in the fourth and LeBron came in to seal it
Side note: Fuck the "cavs fans" in the building, and fuck our fans in the arena for barely making any noise 
Expect 50/20/10 triple double with blocks from The Evil One. He has spoken and will strike down the King.
What’s up with our home crowd? Where is the enthusiasm? The team needs some noise and support when they’re down 6 points in the 4th to LeBron & Co.  

It’s too bad, as The Hive can get really loud when people stop sitting on their hands. 
This halftime show is kinda making me sad
I mean what the fuck is Howard expecting to happen when he plows into his defender?? Jesus
I hate to say it but this is as close to must-win as it gets this early in the season. Can't drop home games like this against an inconsistent cavs team.
Completely irrelevant but Frank's shoes looks like my hairy asshole. Wtf is he wearing 
We're making LBJ mad, not good..he will delete us.
 
Hornets can never win against LeBron until he retires.
At least the Panthers are 7-3???
Team is broken. 
Well this sucks. Im now stuck in an ER room watching on mute because my girlfriend got a laceration on her face being drunk
Damn Lebron that was dirty...
MKG the new "The Evil One" after that evil ass dunk 
MKG, just nasty
What a horrible execution of a play
Cody looks so old, slow, and tired :(
Fucking 5 in a row. If this team makes the playoffs considering Detroit surging this year, the Knicks getting it together, and the 76ers being decent, I will be fucking shocked. 
Dwight is averaging 0.6 pts per possesion in the post. Yet he gets ~5 post possessions per game. Why? 
Jesus fucking Christ Howard 
LeBron has a +/- of 0 for the game, can't say I saw that coming
this is fucking depressing
Who's the jack black looking guy behind the Cavs bench?  I've seen him a few games 
Our lack of rebounding cost us the game tonight. And looks like the people who are complaining about the fans didn’t even bother to show up. 
It’s soooo hard to watch. Everyone’s snoozing. Where’s the energy to fuel a comeback?
I hate the way LBJ gets away with murder.  That was such an obvious fowl but for LBJ it is a rebound and two points.  I hate watching him play because of it.  
I've been blaming Clifford for years but I get down voted if I mention his terrible coaching.
Except for that stupid ad patch...
Bruh Cavs got outplayed in the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd quarters. Then we choked away the lead going into the 4th an couldn't hit a shot, dumb turnovers, missed rebounds, just a collapse.

Doesn't matter if it's again the Cavs or the Nets, it's still frustrating to watch and adding to the losing streak just makes it worse.
Charlotte sports fans in a nutshell. Lose a few games and all of a sudden the sky is falling. The Panthers fans are sooooooooo much worse but it seems to be seeping into the Hornets fanbase. 
Everyone says how awful watching harden and the rockets is tho
They're the worst or close to the worst in about every defensive category right now. But, they also have Bron, so...
Yeah sorry I have this thing called college so I can’t exactly drive 3 hours to every game
I hate his lineups and failures to adjust, but our players are allergic to scoring when it matters and it's just infuriating.
Yeah, I guess I should've said "I'm so sick of the Hornets falling apart...."
It's crazy how often he's asking for postups when he's awful at it. 
He's not even bad at post shooting. He just gets it stolen wayyyyy to much
We absolutely need to take Chicago and LAC (lot of injuries for them).
Otherwise we could have a real horrible record by the end of the month.
Alcohol never messes up spellings. You leave poor alcohol out of this! 
I really hate how it is overlapping the stripe, just move it a bit to the side damn it
Can someone tell me why all the jersey ads have to be in stupid boxes? It looks so stupid when there is a random box on the jersey surrounding the logo, maybe most egregiously in the [Warriors Jersey's](https://cdn-s3.si.com/s3fs-public/styles/marquee_large_2x/public/2017/09/12/warriors-jersey-sponsorship.jpg).  
Still not enthusiastic about them being there, but it doesn’t looks all that bad. 
At least it won't be on the Jerseys you purchase!! 😭 😂 😭 
Uggh, I despise jersey ads. Such a lame, unabashed money grab
Could be worse
Of all the companies, it had to be fucking Lending Tree. This looks atrocious, and Lending Tree is kind of a shady company by nature.

This leaves a very bad taste in my mouth.
Are the jerseys sold in the nba shop going to have the patch? Because that would 100% be a deal breaker for me. I’m not paying $100+ bucks for a Jersey with a stupid fucking lending tree patch on it. 
Pathetic money grab. Even worse that we've waited 15 years to see the stripes back, and they will have that ugly patch on it.
It looks awful on the throwbacks

It’s not bad on the rest 
I’m a season ticket holder and just called my rep to vent about this debacle. If you hate ads on uniforms, the only way that they will change it in the future is for fans and especially season ticket holders to give them negative feedback about this. It sucks that it is a three year deal :(. 
Isn’t Lending Tree one of those shady pay day lenders that just preys upon poor people? 
You mean JR Smith jr.
He's 1-18 on shots that are inside the paint but not inside the [restricted area](https://www.sportingcharts.com/media/240276/restricted_area.jpg). Crazy.
I don't think cliff is a terrible coach, hes not on alvin gentry levels of bad, but he hasn't improved on things he should have. The man simply cannot draw an inbounds play and that showed last night when WE FUCKED UP AGAIN. Also he fucking needs to learn to adjust his lineups, when dwight is getting fucked you don't keep him in, jesus fuck I hate cliffs man boner for dwight, WHO THE FUCK GAVE HIM THE GREEN LIGHT TO SHOOT MIDRANGE JUMPERS.
like i'm fucking ripping my hair out when he takes those midrange shots thinking hes fucking dirk. If you can't even make freethrows what makes you think you can make those. He needs to fucking learn his role and set screens, defend, rebound, catch lobs, and get putbacks like Deandre. 
We have TERRIBLE inbounders, with Frank being one of the worst offenders. If I know that though, Cliff should too and there's no excuse for him being responsible for making a good pass.
He was bad tonight, no doubt.

Not his fault precisely that Cliff kept running him out there with the starters instead of playing Cody in that spot. That's just a lack of adaptation. But he was very bad nonetheless.
11 points in the fourth quarter. Enough said.

Two really bad losses in a row. 
Fuck this road trip. May we never speak of it again.
How did we keep that same lineup in FOR SO FUCKING LONG IN THE 4TH QUARTER.

I HATE BASKETBALL. WHERES THE BLEACH??
Fuck this shit. Cliff doesn't adapt at all.
How can you blame Clifford when all the players play like garbage? Kemba bricks every jumpshot, Dwight can't even manage 40% from the line, bench goes ice cold against backups.
Fuck this shit. Not two games in row. How??????
Fuck this shit we need Batum back badly
idec anymore I hate dwight
I'm not mad just disappointed 
Fucking terrible play

Terrible coaching

Fucking fuckety fuck
Pathetic.
11 fourth quarter points.  Holy. Fucking. Dogshit.
That 4th quarter was just pathetic 
I want to give the Angels in the outfield speech to this team sooo bad.
God is punishing me for something I did in a past life
Hell yeah that shit was lit. That was hilariously bad.
Tough loss.... hope Batum helps things. 
I fucking despise Clifford
Howard is really not a good player guy cant even finish a 3 ft hookshot. feel bad for you guys
Are you serious? Steve Clifford is an awful coach.
The biggest problem with coach Clifford tonight was that he overplayed Dwight and knocked Frank out of rhythm.  Past that, you're right that it was primarily bad execution.
Dude we have been unable to close games for the second year in a row now! We were historically awful last year. That was without Dwight, that was with Kemba being above average in the Clutch, that was with a wildly different roster. What's the common denominator here?
You should be mad. That was abysmal 
I know what you mean with Batum but he has also perfected the art of the "off night". His passing will help the offense a lot though.
as a Celtics fan, fuck off bro. 
The worst part of losing to the Celtics is the children that claim to be their fans.
We in pain already. Pleeeeeease kindly fuck off
No dog in the fight, but refs were all around bad. Def not great for the C's in any way at all either TBH
Dude Batum was awful in the clutch last year, his turnovers and defensive mistakes cost us MULTIPLE games. 
told myself I was going to do this tonight but couldn't help myself. Bad move.
no i wish we did :( probably would've made it if we weren't fucked over in the 2012 draft
I've had occasion to say this about ACC refs on the college side: Even if they *were* trying to favor one team or the other, when they're **that** bad it's nigh-impossible to tell.
That's weird, I only remember the Celtics and then the heat doing it a lot during the playoff series a couple years back.

I don't always check every game thread though so I'll take your word for it 
Thank you :(
We've struggled with inbounding late in games for like 3 years now 
If he's so bad tho it should be Kemba-monk-lamb-Marvin-Dwight 
I mean you couldve drafted Lillard, Drummond, Barnes, Beal etc. but you chose MKG. Nobody to blame but your GM.

Also if I recall correctly everyone was shocked that MKG went second.
what did i say that was insulting? especially relatively...to each his own☘️☘️☘️☘️
http://nbacoaches.com/steve-clifford-and-ron-rivera-supportive-relationship/

They don’t want the other to look too bad, so they have to coach equally as terrible... to make fans want to support the other sport when one loses worse /s
Steve Clifford is the worst coach in the league
I like boogie but he wouldn't resign so it woudl be a bad deal.
Don't be a dick.

Especially when you're wrong again.
Lol watch him tonight. He isnt a crazy scorer like the guys you listed but his moves are insane
This is ridiculous. How do they just turn into the talentless Monstars in the 4th quarter?
This is the worst quarter of basketball I have ever watched in my entire life hands down. I was at the game where the hornets scored 7 points in the first quarter against the spurs and this is five times worse. I cant believe three fucking points have been scored this quarter. No timeouts to stop the momentum, dumb fouls, and my god the worst shots ive ever seen. This game is over and I honestly am glad we dont have a game until batum is back because this is unacceptable and embarrassing to the whole organization.
On the train to the game now.  The train's like solid green though.
This team is the least clutch team in the league
What a Hornets way to end the game.
Hornets are playing one of the worst halves of basketball I've seen from any team this season.
Celtics are down Horford, Irving, not to mention Hayward. WTF.
I actually want to rip every single one of my hairs out. FUCK THIS TEAM. Fucking emabarssing 
Fucking relegate us to the G-League
Bad night for Kemba
No matter the outcome of this game, the headline will be the kyrie injury
oh god we're gonna have a single digit quarter. R/NBA is gonna be merciless.
Is it me or does this team seem unable to hit water from a boat in the final minutes
There's something bad wrong with this team. Looks just like the last half of last year.
Holy shit this is the worst lost of the year. To the celtics backups. Blow this thing up.
Fuck this team honestly, we're actually about to lose to a d-league team. So shit
hornets are so garbage wtf is this..... raptors fan
Our 4th quarter offense has to be the worst in the league 
fuck cliff

It seems like Kemba has lost his aggressiveness on this roadtrip...rare to see him drive hard anymore :(

Edit: eating my words
fucking hell
This so unbelievably bad
I hate 4th quarter Hornets
We suck fucking dick. What the fuck, seriously.
...

Well. Could have been worse.
I want to start yelling, but Kemba is the only reason this is still close even with his jumper off and everything. We've been **that** bad.
This feels like a nightmare, everything is going wrong 
holy fuck Marcus Morris just gave us a chance with that idiotic shot
Bad off balance shot by the celtics? Want even disapointed bc I knew that bs was going in fron the start
what the fuck was that pass, and it also looked like Lamb tried to dodge that pass... welp... we suck
Boston fans are the fucking worst. I'm straight about to get banned on /r/nba if this keeps up
Idgaf if any Boston fans are in here, fuck all of ya'll, most delusional and annoying fanbase I've ever encountered 
FUCK THIS SHIT TEAM FUCK EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU. FUCKING CHOKERS HOW ARE YOU GONNA LOSE TO THIS CELTICS TEAM. I'M DONE

pleaseeeeee just find a way to get back into it I beg
Kyrie  just had his nose broken.
This is bad basketball on both ends. Hornets need to be up at least 10 right now with the way boston is shooting
Wow. This is ugly.
what the fuck happened 
Rule number 1 of free-throw shooting - FULLY EXTEND YOUR FUCKING ARM, DWIGHT!
At least Bacon can shoot tonight. This game has been rough to watch
Incoming god awful 3 attempt after a bunch of iso
holy fuck
You may have meant r/NBA instead of R/NBA.
 
 ---------------------------------------
 
^^^Remember, *^^OP ^^^may ^^^have ^^ninja-edited.* ^^I ^^correct ^^subreddit ^^^and ^^user ^^links ^^with ^^^a ^^capital ^^R ^^^or ^^U, ^^^which ^^are ^^^usually ^^unusable. 
 
 ^^**-Srikar**
Seriously Marcus Morris is slow.  You can beat him.
of course haha you homer moron
Worst part is how they're acting when I'm completely polite in theirs.
Where the fuck you see that
Random church t-shirt.  It's too cold for all of my Hornets stuff and it's all in need of washing anyway.
No, I think he meant GoFuckYourself.JPG you stupid bot.
bad bot
How do you even have time to comment in both game threads and actually watch the game?
Haven't watched you guys at all which is why I assumed you went for Dwight/Kemba pick and rolls similar to our Kyrie/Horford.  

Just to give you guys an idea of Jaylen at home vs on the road this season:  

Away: 12.6ppg on 38/29/46 shooting splits and 45% TS with +8.4  

Home: 18ppg on 54/52/77, and 67% TS with +16.5 on 4 minutes less per game.  

That's absolutely insane and I hope he keeps it up
>  T shirt

> Too cold

wut

This dude keeps messaging me too just saying dumb shit.
Long sleeve shirt.  It's too cold for short sleeves
I watch a lot of bulls game

Let me tell you guys

Mirotic is not good
And a bad teammate. 
was hoping that’s what frank would turn in to and maybe that could still be his ceiling, but we just need a 3 and D guy to backup Marv.  Getting rid of lamb would be a tough pill to swallow just for Mirotic.
>We need a defensive anchor next to Cody on the bench

Then why would we trade for Randle??? Lakers fans have been complaining about his defense for years. There's a reason the Lakers don't want this guy - he's really not very good.
You're insane if you'd trade Zeller for Randle on a contract year... Lakers would run away like bandits with that trade.
I mean are we getting Brandon Ingram too in this package?  Because that's about what it would take to balance that.
That was a tough loss. The frank hate gets old. We all should know he isn't consistent by now
when we lose I say all of those things. I don't mean them, but it helps me. 
Yeah it gets annoying, and it's been way worse this season. I guess it comes with the territory of a growing sub - we're still small, but /r/charlottehornets has added 1000 subscribers just since May of this year. Hopefully the emotional overreactions settle down as the season progresses.
Nobody hates Frank for Frank, it's Frank's game that has got to go.
Hard to say the team doesn't need him. Because we do.
Brown about to have a career game
He looked awful offensively last night.  His handles failed him multiple times.
His flopping was terrible though. Howard would touch him in the hip and he would flop like he got hit in the upper body.
This makes us no better at all. We need a 3 and D PF, emphasis on the D

“That’s what she said”
Well, that's perhaps the funniest suggestion for a stupid trade I've heard yet.  
Monk lit it up but I never want to see anything from this game ever again. 
We need to go after a Kenneth faried 

Frank is a liability, Cliff at least has to reduce his minutes. Also salty at the coaching decisions 
Frank had a 6 game stretch this season where he averaged 14.5/4.7/2.3 shooting 51.5% from the field and 43% from 3. 
i need to release my emotions, so fuck frank kaminsky
What a panthers way to lose the game
Bad loss. We ran zero offense in the 4th quarter, just a bunch of dribbling and jacking up contested shots. Can't believe Clifford didn't run a play to get the ball inside.
Ugh. Awful loss. Hornets dominated for three quarters and then decided that guarding Doug F’n McDermott was optional. 

You can’t let the scrubs get within 5 points and allow Porzingis to come back in fresh with just a few points to overcome. 

Awful. 
this road trip is ruining my fucking life. 
Man Dwight played so well too. Tough loss.
We are BAD at defense. No way around it. Through the last 5 games. With no MKG or Batum we can't expect to win with our defense. Late rotations, bad closeouts and bad fouls by rookies. Our bench is better with MCW back, thank god. 

But holy fuck does this team not know how to drive the ball? Literally one ball handler who can drive. They held Kemba back and we took jump shots and got cold in the 4th. Finish 2017 with .500 and were still in it. But dam were bad at playing 48 minutes. We got beat by Kanter and McDermott. Who needs defense. 
Fucking bottlejobs
I still want to know why we took Dwight out on the possession when KP put them up by three. He could've prevented that layup. Why wasn't he in?

Also fucking Knicks fans get out of our thread and also you don't deserve KP for booing the shit out of him during the draft. I know you aren't all bad but your trolls suuuuuuuck.
We cannot settle for being average, Clifford deserves some blame for the lineup decisions. Kemba did not move the ball in the 4th and settled for jumpers. Frank and Cody look lost together at times. 

But at least we have Monk 


Fuck Doug McDermott and Kyle O'Quinn. It's always these scrubs off the bench that fucking murder us.
That hurts. Also reminds me of State. Fuck my fandom man.
They didn't commit a could until like the 5 minute mark. That's how little we went inside on Lance fucking Thomas and KOQ
Zeller looks fucking lost this season.
All trolls suck. Sorry about ours. They’re the same ones that booed. Gg
You can’t be serious

Edit: still a stupid opinion 
That's just the Hornets normal defense allowing some random asshole to look like an all star every game.
Yeah on Kemba's blocked layup by KP he took an arm to the face before the shot, no whistle. That was infuriating. 
Our defense was so atrocious and the threes we were giving up was terrible. It’s hard not to get some fans being jerks when an exciting come back happens 
The hate train is real, I'm with Frank I hope he can even out with expectations
I mean y’all just lost to the Knicks
We'd lose to the fucking Kings if the game was within 30  in the 4th
he mad
Coming from the worst team in league history, wow.
The Batum injury and not having MKG is killing us. We desperately need another facilitator on offense besides Kemba.

The only thing we can do is try to stay competitive until Batum returns.
Jesus Christ shut the fuck up. Get out with these over reactionary opinions. 
Frank haters after 3 straight very solid performances: *silence*

Frank haters after 3 bad performances: OMFG FRANK IS THE WORST PLAYER IN THE NBA TRADE HIS BUM ASS HE'S TRASH

How am I wrong though?! Batum isn't going to solve this team's problems and I have always said Clifford is overrated and a mediocre coach
Preach. He needs work on his consistency for sure but I don't think he's the worst thing about this team.
sucks
I get a little angry every time I see Bonnell’s name
TPA sucks. it's a worse version of VORP
I just find it hard to see any legitimacy in TPA at all. They're trying to tell me Klay Thompson and Malcolm Brogdon are two of the worst defenders in the league AND that Kyrie has saved nearly as many points as Dwight on defense??? Those two things among a slew of other impossible to believe conclusions that can be drawn from this chart.
It's terrible. Should be names instead of pictures. 
What a fucking heartbreaker 
Should i go to this game? decisions decisions...
This team is garbage on the road. Gets flustered by any crowd noise, chokes the game away.
Gave it away. Bad defense down the stretch, quick forced shots, poor personnel management by Clifford. Weak calls in the final minutes no excuse to get hammered by Doug fucking McDermott. 
The fucking hustle

fuck
Fuck this
I hate this shit
Malik has made several comments about how he thought he was getting drafted by the Knicks and that he was displeased that they passed on him. I predict that he'll go off and put up another 20+ point game, shooting 40+% from beyond the arc.

Kemba usually shows out in the Garden too. I like our chances if those two guys are putting on a show.
Frank has been awful on defense 
why is Monk taking the shot when Kemba is on the floor?!
Bad play!
Go to this game!
That was a crazy sequence
Poor Mcghee
I've been to like 60 games and have never seen noisemakers in the arena, even during our last playoff series, which I was really disappointed about

It seems like I saw a game on tv once where they had noisemakers at the arena...

But I'd say they don't do noisemakers here unless it is a specifically setup night or something
Thank you, the little dude is gonna be sad :-( 
The ring behind the lower level. I'm looking for club seats with a bar.
I know this will get mad down votes, but you're a pro athlete... get on the court 
Wow, this take makes a lot of sense. I could really see that being close to what’s actually going on. Playing this situation so close to the vest speaks to how serious/personal of an isssue it must be for him. I’m serious starting to be concerned about his long term mental health. Something’s really taking a toll on him. Either it’s just solely losing his grandmother (which is still awful) or it’s some fighting within his family. Unfortunately as some of us know death brings out the worst in some family members. 


This is fucking retarded bruh. 

I worked for the Hornets. I saw first hand how hard these dudes work. 

Just because they’re pro athletes does not excuse them from having to deal with life. Going to play after a death in the family is no easier for them than it would be for any of us. 

Get the fuck off of it and give the dude the time he needs. 

FWIW; MKG is one of the nicest guys you’ll ever meet. And yes, he and his grandmother were *extremely* close. 
That was atrocious. On to the next one I guess.
Kemba :(
I mean the refereeing was bad enough that I turned the game off.  Not much you can do on defense when you're undermanned to start with and the other team gets every call.
It wasn't just that call though.  It was that, and the Treveon "blocking foul", and the Frank travel, and the Dwight offensive foul into a tech.  That whole stretch where the Timberwolves busted the game open was just disgustingly slanted refereeing.
miles bridges if we are bad enough
The refs literally just caved to crowd pressure...are you serious? What a joke
I was just about to say. I'm usually a fan of his, but dang man...that flop.... and he got it too. Horrendous end to that quarter.
No matter what the game I will always have Hornets taking it
Oh yes, it was nearly Manu-levels of flop. Bad stuff.
I know right? I never would've thought but man he was so bad that quarter.
I think I have some legitimate concerns, but that doesn't mean I don't appreciate what he brings to the table.
If they start cody over Dwight ill be so mad
You linked the Lamb interview but I found the Monk one

He's like "I don't know fuck that last game it's gone I'm focused on Spurs now"
Between this and Frank playing Typhoid Mary for the Bucks game, been a weird start to the season for MKG.
Tweet says it's for personal reasons so I'm assuming it's related to his grandmother, but yeah he did leave halfway through the Bucks game because he was sick so keep your damn germs to yourself Frank!
>After losing to the Warriors on Thursday, the Spurs have now lost four games in a row and have a tough matchup against a feisty Hornets team on Friday that could drop them below .500. 


Anyone else worried this is going to be like fighting your dad after your dad got fired from his job? considering pop got tossed from the game yesterday
I still don't have internet.  This is stupid.
I hate so much how we always have some random ass dude always going off against us 
For real I cant even be mad. Mills is feelin it.
I read a comment the other night saying Mills was playing bad what the hell happened to that 
This game has been such bad ref ball.  Both times when Forbes got fouled on a 3 it wasn't a foul at all.
Frank is a piece of shit. Stupid premature shots cost us the game
He has been awful. Why anyone thought Kaminsky on Gay would be anything other than a disaster is beyond me.
Giannis hadn't scored less than 28 in a game before he played us, we're all about busting streaks, boss!
remember that Kings game where he made like six in a row fuck how’d i forget 
He's already a bad defender and then we put him on stretch 4's and he just gets killed. I don't understand why we keep doing it.
This game and the rockets game were annoying as fuck to watch because at the end of this game it was all dumb shots for the spurs but they went in
I mean once I have internet I'm going to post them on the /r/Charlottehornets PGTs, I just don't yet.
I mean, you could say that... but you'd be wrong.  
Some of these are awful this has me concerned lol.  That Cavs one should be illegal.
Hey there fellow Hornets fan living in Europe! I’m in Amsterdam but grew up around Charlotte. Also had season tickets for a few years before moving here. If you’re ever in town lemme know!
As an aside.... How sad were you to see Bellinelli traded to ATL?
The highlights on Sportscenter from the game were all Giannis, who had a mediocre game due to foul troubles!  Meanwhile, Monk owned the fourth quarter. Based on the coverage, you would think that we lost. Straight disrespectful
In Chapel Hill and haven't missed a game yet, just a heads up. We get Southeast here, that being said it's like channel 325
It seems I do not, lol.
not sure about monk or bacon, but Jeremy's nickname should be Lamb Sauce
You’re wrong 
The hornets are much more dangerous team than last year.  The Spurs are hobbled and the T-Wolves are a terrible defensive team.  We have an opportunity to be at least 3-1 after this road trip at worst we should come out 2-2 after these 4 games.  We will find out how good this team actually is this month because our schedule is brutal.  

I don't know, I think we come out of this 2-2 at worst. We could steal one from San Antonio or Boston. I doubt we finish below .500 on this 4 game stretch. 
I flipped over to the Nicks rockets game after ours was over and saw Ramon Sessions still bricking layups and refusing to pass. Malik even as a rookie is an improvement at backup PG to him. 
And on the 7th day, Father Kemba did not rest, but accumulated mad fuckin' buckets
Wait why were you banned??? I have been looking for your post game write ups and I thought you were taking a break or on vacation 
What does that mean?
He was sick 
Our training staff has yet to give me any confidence but here's to them proving me wrong
Edit: misread. Saw booth and Stephanie and thought she got moved back. :(
Why would they do that. I mean even the starters went in to bat for her
He'll do it in March. He always ramps up then.  2.1 a game should increase.
Woke up and decided to buy tickets to the game on a whim! Let's swarm!
What a fucking pass by Dwight!
BUZZ BUZZ GOING TO THIS GAME 
Unable to watch the game but keep checking the box score feels like 2 min ago monk had 6 points and now he's got 20+. God damn.
DWIGHT HOLY FUCK
MKG "under the weather" questionable to return. Guess there's a bug going around the team? thank the man upstairs it wasn't another injury
Who else gets bacon and Marvin confused when they can’t see they number.
Everyone is so efficient tonight wtf
Wtf Middleton 
lets do this fellas. i think Lamb is due for big game of like 25 points, maybe not this game but sometime soon
Can't get the radio feed on NBA.com :(
he went out in the first quarter cause he's sick

Well i wasn't saying this as a bad thing.
Lou Will has a legitimate role in this league, Monk is pretty obsessed with scoring i can see him become a Lou Will or Crawford being a 6th man of the year candidate every season.

That 4th quarter adds to what i'm saying.
Bad bot
Jesus fuck... I read your title and immediately thought it was referring to MKG, the other 3 letter player
Recalled already? So weird.

https://twitter.com/hornets/status/925724406860697601
Sorry :(
Batum is starting at SG. He's not getting paid 25 million a year to come off the bench as the backup SF. Anyone who thinks that's gonna happen is insane. Monk hasn't even earned the minutes he's getting and the idea that he might take a starting spot from MKG or Batum is ludicrous. 
This is fake because it shows at least a minimal understanding of a subject
If monk finds his shot we are scary as fuck. 
Let's hope we can carry this momentum into November--a brutal schedule. Probably our hardest of the year.  Things don't really lighten up for us until January-February so we are going to have to gut out some close ones like this to keep spirits up and stay in position for a late charge once we get our boys back. 
It's cool, I'll get the game notes:

Game Notes:

We won, bitches!!!
/u/jaynay1 died for this.

:'(
Fuck the NBA mods
Kinda shocked Westbrook isn't on here, but I guess his scoring goes down and efficiency goes up when he isn't chucking 24 shots a night.
.5 assists shy 
I rarely say this but these are the worst refs I've ever had the displeasure of watching.
Gasol just updated to questionable  with left ankle injury
Grizzlies + ref's = tough to overcome, especially with tired legs.
Seriously, whenever he gets the chance Monk needs to shadow Kemba. No matter what he does, just follow him. Hopefully some of Kemba's craftiness will rub off cause Monk's athletic ability with some of Kemba's moves would be disgusting
Monk, Cody, and Frank kept us in this game, can't let that be forgotten
This is the worst fouling I've ever seen. Grizzlies have fouled themselves out of the game
Dwights looking really tired already.
Yikes, this is really starting to get ugly.

Edit: Nevermind, Monk is heating up! 
Fuck I'll settle for seeing us just tie it once at this point.  Killing me.
This schedule is crazy.
Shit yeh!
Might just be the way we are recording the crowd noise. Memphis has a serious homecourt advantage because of their fans
On paper before the season started it didn't look too bad.
Not sure.  He was on at the time, but I don't have any way to know which of like 5 mods it was based on modmail.
What does that mean
Kemba fucking Walker
Jeremy Lamb with the casual 20/7/6 on 9-15 shooting. I can't believe this guy will be coming off the bench for us soon.
Goddddd when Lamb will give us his game off the bench with Batum back... we are going to be scary
They gave me a 3 day ban for mentioning him. It's fucking annoying how much power those assholes pretend they have
Pro sports subs tend to have mediocre to poor moderation for some reason. /r/NFL can be just as nonsensical as /r/NBA regarding mod conduct.
I'm outraged immediately.

Please do game notes in our sub!

But that is insane, I want to bitch at the mods but I don't know.

That sucks
What the fuck

Hope you can get it sorted out
TIL Reddit is serious business. 
So basically their mods are a bunch of bullies and keyboard warriors.

Sorry that happened. Fucking Pussies.
I mean you can write all the aggression into my words that you want; He didn't seem to have a problem with it.

>"You're wrong and this is why:"

Yes, that's what you're supposed to do.  And then he's supposed to tell me where I'm wrong and give reasons why.

Like your entire argument revolves around the idea that for some reason I'm supposed to take soft stances when responding to a hard stance.  KOC made a hard stance that the Hornets should make a Kemba/Monk for Kyrie trade.  So it's just as acceptable to give a hard stance in response, and to give hard reasons for that hard stance.
I never got reinstated :(
That's very possible. Like you said, it is very difficult to gauge intent solely through text, so it could definitely be misconstrued on my end. 
Fournier sounds like a little bitch screaming every time he drives the lane. Go Hornets!
MKG to the free throw line, new shot form...nope. Looks like "Lethal Shooter" failed to change that horrific form.
This doesn't show up anywhere on FoxSportsGo for me. :(
...and now Frank is sick.  So much for that
FUCK!
I may have to resort to that then, sadly.
Questionable with illness.  
Yeah. Unless Nike decides they hate money.
We don’t want or need Bledsoe. It would be stupid to sacrifice our depth for someone who plays the same position as Kemba.
No way. Another 6’1” guard isn’t what the team needs, especially one with questionable teamwork. 
For a team that had 22 3s put in against them, I thought we actually did a fairly decent job at defending the arc.

Houston made some tough shots. I suppose that's what they're paying Harden and Gordon to *do*, but it's still tilting to watch.

The most annoying bit is probably having Ryan Anderson and His Awful Contract go 6-15 from the line.
The Schedule is awful in November (2X Spurs, 2x Cavs, 2x Wolves, Clippers, Bucks, Wizzards, Raptors, Celtics).

We could have a 4-16 record when Batum comes back in December if we're unlucky. We need to get as close as possible from 50% after November and that would be enough to me.
It’s annoying, but Jesus is it hard to stop. It’s like a middle schooler’s 2k dream.
I can’t deal if we start 4-16 wtf
Yeah I feel the same way.  If this is the way the NBA is going they are going to lose me.  Very boring brand of basketball to watch in person.
I tried to find the clip where you can clearly read his lips saying "That's fucking bullshit!", but instead I found this which deserves to be here

#[BEHOLD](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/d2/0f/7d/d20f7d1bae405087314d97232e221522.png)
Try watching a Wolves game and listen to Coach Thibs. He also is part of the group of coaches that you can hear yelling from the commentator mics. 
How is he so freakin' boring when he's doing radio interviews then? 
It’s weird for dudes with actual six packs to wear foam ones
Kemba needs to take over this game.
Man the rockets are hitting all of these well defended late clock shots its so demoralizing 
Fuck Hack-a-Dwight. Not good to watch, does not involve real basketball skill or talent, and it slows the pace to a miserable crawl. Hated it well before he came here, too. Shouldn't be a part of the game. It's an insult to the spirit of the game, and there needs to be regulation against it.
i hate watching nba games where both teams just shoot a million 3s
I have some bad news for you
It was the effing Rockets man, what do you want?
It's odd because the NBA is trying to address Harden style offense by ignoring fake shots meant only to draw the foul. However, even though Harden was basically the target of the new rules, he's the only player still getting calls in his favor on fake shots.  The rest of the Rockets roster plays in an exciting manner, but they're dragged down by Harden's boring approach.
Did Orlando Fans hated Dwight when he Was Dominating the Cavaliers in the Eastern Conference Finals against Lebron James!?  

Did they Hate Dwight when They were in The NBA Finals, when everyone was predicting Kobe VS. Lebron? 

Was Houston Fans hating Dwight when he helped Houston beat the Clippers down 3-1 to advance to the WCF? 

🤔🤔🤔

LA fans can hate all they want.....they still suck since Dwight left. It's been 4 YEARS going on a 5th.

It's been SIX YEARS since Dwight Howard left Orlando and guess what!? They Still 🚮 🚮 🚮  
 
Atlanta Hawks dont even count because their entire organization was screwed whether they signed Dwight or not. 

I understand Dwight rubs people the wrong way from a personality standpoint. But the Guy is a 1st Ballot HOF for a reason. He's averaged a Double-Double his entire career and For some strange reason people get surprise when Averages.......a Double-Double? 😂😭😂 

People Funny man.

Never understood why he gets so much hate. He’s not super mature and says/does some dumb stuff sometimes. But I’ve heard people criticize his dancing/celebrations while also loving players like Antonio Brown. People hate on him for leaving interviews but thought Marshawn’s antics surrounding the interviews were fine. People act like he’s the worst guy in the world for making a stupid comment to a female reporter but cheer for Zeke or Mixon or Hill. I can’t figure out why of all the players in the NFL and all the ridiculous shit they do, he seems to get the most hate. 
It was a joke. I was being intentionally wrong, Jay. 
Unfortunately Dwight will never be in his Orlando form between his back injuries and aging. He can still be a beast though.
WHO SAID FRANK KAMINSKY WAS WASHED!!? 
Frank the Tank, proving haters wrong one bucket at a time!! #GoHornets 
Cliff just said in post game that Monk cannot be a 2 guard at his size.  We're are in for Monk at the 1
I was looking at the nba game log and it shows his last 5 games. I’m guessing one is from the pre season, my bad 
your capitalization scheme is confusing
It still seems a little awkward not having her there. There’s so many stops in conversation that shouldnt be there. Why can’t we have her back :-(
Damn now we won’t get to hear about the conversion rate every game
Eric Collins is the GOAT. Dell is boring. Stephanie, and Eric should be the pair in the booth, but it won't happen because Dell is a Charlotte legend
Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the Jumpman logo is there instead of the Nike swoosh rather than it being our corporate sponsor. Still looks sick though.
Thrillsap vs D12!


I hope Monk breaks his cold stretch and drops a moist 20 point game.
Nuggets fan here, since we're playing eachother tonight, I thought I'd share this trade idea, 

Wilson Chandler + Lottery Protected 1st for Michael Kidd-Gilchrist. 

Reasoning: We need defense and you need offense (at least in my opinion). MKG's defense > Chandler's defense, Chandler's offense > MKG's offense. Adding the 1st because of the age difference between the two. 
Probably too late now, but I never want to eat in the arena. If I'm going to pay $60 for my girlfriend and I to eat, its not going to be arena bojangles.
Are you going tonight? Want to ride together / meet up before the game?
Idk I feel like his offense would, but I get what u mean tho
League fucked
My brother is a Nuggets fan, so we were seriously considering driving down for this one. Sucks we don't pull the trigger now :/
If I remember correctly Jokic is having a poor offensive start to the year.  Hopefully that continues.  
Frank is not good in my book but did average 26 mins a game last year and 11.7 points. 

With that in mind, small improvement would make 28-30 mins reasonable. Still don’t think he’ll get to 15, maybe ever, unless he plays on a real crap team.

Even with Frank’s “blazing” start he’s averaging 14.3 over 30 mins, shooting career high % from the floor, from 3 and from the stripe. Color me pessimistic about his ability to keep that up over 75+ games. 

Sorry if this sounds harsh but I simply don’t see frank as a 15+ point guy, which is not all that bad of an insult considering only like 55 guys averaged 15+ last year. 
ORTG is just an estimate of points scored per 100 possessions. So for reference, we had a 109.57 ORTG as a team last season which was 14th in the NBA and the worst team (76ers) had a 103.96 ORTG. 
The ushers are usually hawk-like in spotting and checking tickets in the lower level. 
I wanted that W badly. :(
I think I'm officially over Marvin, at least with the starters.
He shouldn't finish games either. He missed 2 wide open threes down the stretch + that block under the paint was brutal.
I'm ashamed to rock the Jeremy Lamb flair on this disappointing night :(
Shoot underhanded. It looks ridiculous, but less ridiculous than 0/9.
Unfortunately a lot of NBA bigs probably consider that too stupid looking even though it's more efficient.
The answer is no but we say fuck it we're gonna do it anyway
Brogdon is out at the **very** least
MKG for TJ Warren and Payne? fuck no
This is probably the funniest thing I’ve seen in this sub in awhile.  Village idiot comes onto Hornets sub to talk shit about them while proclaiming the suns will be contenders in a few years. Laughable
> You're fucking stupid if you can't see that

STOP IT IM LAUGHING SO HARD RN
All those trades are terrible. Especially 1,2 and 3
Delete this. Terrible trades.
No those trades are awful
I wouldn't even trade Cody for him. We really don't need him that badly.
May also mean a little bit of Marcus Paige.
The Heels fan in me wants this so bad
It means Kemba gets his usual 36 minutes, Monk probably gets 24 between PG and SG, Lamb eats up 30+ minutes at one wing position while Graham and Bacon get all the other wing minutes till MKG gets back.  And unfortunately that means Marvin gets minutes at SF if anyone else goes down. 
FUCKING FRANK WITH THE DRIVE AND JAMMMMMM
0-9 from the line is a fucking travesty. 
I have no idea what to expect from this game.
We’ve missed at least 4 layups.  Also they suck offensively without Giannis in the game 
Fuck sakes feels like we lose every game when it's close in the last few minutes.
Fucking hell. :(
Fuck close games. Fuck.
:(
Fuck!
Helps us but not my fantasy team :/
> Also they suck ~~offensively~~ without Giannis in the game

ftfy
I mean John Henson(affectionately known as a flatass on the bucks sub) is another lanky shot blocker, could cause Dwight some probs.
Hate the Marv, Frank, Dwight lineup.  Won't be surprised if every team starts doubling Kemba hard on the PnR if we can't figure out how to attack it.  Annoyed with Cliff for not going with Bacon or Treveon to close instead of Marv--we were *desperate* for an extra man willing to put it on the deck. 
I mean, I mean, I mean 

*** 

 ^^^I ^^^am ^^^a ^^^bot. ^^^This ^^^is ^^^the ^^^1569th ^^^comment ^^^I ^^^have ^^^detected ^^^that ^^^starts ^^^with ^^^the ^^^phrase ^^^"I ^^^mean"
bad bot
Did any of the players you listed miss summer league and training camp because of a bad ankle injury? 
I say we put Frank on the Greek freak and make the game weird. Nah?
We're fucked unless Kemba has one of those types of games
gonna be an ugly one...

Bro its been like two games Cody I know you arent injured get back on that court and fucking play dude
Fuck the Heat
LeBron James in the finals. I hate that guy. 
That I-85 rivalry in all sports! I have come to hate Atlanta, or try at least. It’s hard though when I have hem to thank for Chic-fil-a, Coca-Cola, and Cam Newton.
Why do they hate Kemba?
me too. I just replied to the wrong person
We have a logjam at the 5 and a deficit at the 4. I do find myself wondering what we could get for Cody and our 2018 1st lately...
Dude everyone is finding ways to hate on him for this in r/nba. Fuck the haters I love Dwight
Remember this is a game without MKG, Batum and Cody. 
Nah he's still terrible. One game doesn't change that.
We can space the floor with the back court. Besides, Cody/Dwight is absolutely insane defensively 
Too bad he doesnt have a 3 Point Shot
Woosh, thought  you were being serious 🤣
No, just compare like 6 different websites and find peoole really trying to dump them off. I bought them only 2 days ago. People get desperate, afraid they can't sell their tickets a day or two before the game and will drop prices 
Under. I'm a pessimist. Take my money if I'm proven wrong.
that’s why i made that pistons post this is stupid 
What a weird plea for attention by the fan. 
I remember him on Twitter he was one of the really annoying ones 
Twitter is terrible.
Sad to hear.
I hope MKG is alright. Whatever this personal concern is must be very serious.
Wtf, already...?
Shit we're about to be 0-2. Our roster without Batum and MKG was struggling pretty bad, and without Zeller things are going to be fucking ugly. 
HOLY SHIT HOW DOES THIS GUY ALWAYS GET HURT? EVEN WHEN HE'S COMING OFF THE BENCH HE GETS BRUISED!
i'm sorry what
Wow. Y'all we look real bad without MKG and Batum.
Kemba "I fucked your bitch" Walker. killing fools out here
Kemba and Dwight both with +/- over 30 points!! Holy crap
We must be the worst team in the league at open 3 point shots. It's embarrassing. 
GAME DAY HOMMMMMIEEESSS YEAHHHHHH I'M WASTED ON ICED COFFFFEEE BUZZZZZZ BUZZZZZZZZZZZZ
wow everyone shitting on Frank and its been ugly but he's out there getting it done still
Commentary seems so… awkward 
Guys do we suck? We're getting bodied by the hawks. Like are we just all delusional and we are actually pretty bad?
what a rollercoaster game
They sold me sick bees!
I was just thinking that. Guys are missing wide open shots (and missing them badly).
his defense is just really...really bad 
The description of the “yet-to-be-revealed” uniform makes it seem like it’ll have a honeycomb pattern on it. There’s a lot of ways that could turn out poorly.
I completely understood the decision to Move on both Financially & Professionally. it just sucks to see all these gruesome injuries. 
This also functions as his highlights for the game :/
Man that was ugly. So many careless turnovers. Monk and Frank looked awful. Combined 2-18 shooting and too many stupid possessions to count.
Woefully inefficient on offense tonight. Hard to watch.
Will agree, i'm tired of Frank playing like a poor mans Cody Zeller.
Is it bad that I don't really like this video??
oof giving us zach's a bad rep.
Still have zero interest. He is a terrible defender and that is all I need to say no. We have the makings of a top end defensive team but not if we play bad defenders serious minutes who may only contribute a couple 3's a game
6 feet tall and a terrible defender. Hell no. 
GAME DAY! BUZZ BUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!!!
I’m streaming the game on the Fox Sports Go app and I’ve seen the Colin Cowherd commercial 4 times already. 

Fuck. Off. Cowherd. 
Do I hate America for taking a dump during the anthem?  /s
Damn this is some bad basketball. Well, there's a lot of room for growth at least?
FUCK YEAH LET'S GO 
Adjustments:

1. Gotta cut down on the turnovers

2. Cut out the lazy defense + and 1's 
It’s hella dry in Detroit :(
Tobias just told Andre to "shut the fuck up."
I just woke up hungover in Vegas, but I still can't wait for this game!
These damn turnovers are gonna be the end of me this game
I see nothing wrong with this assessment
I know. He usually isn't a proficient scorer, but always has a career game against us, and only us.
Geez that sounds brutal.
Yeeeeahh that was ugly 
Or Graham.  Marvin frank and Dwight is god awful for spacing.
I mean missing two starters showed.
A LOT of late calls. 
Devin Booker :(
If you haven’t seen it, it’s about the 5 things he cares about. 

1) The economy
2) Education
3) Something
4) Something
5) Respect for Tom Brady

Go fuck yourself, Colon Cancer. 
Nope.  Missed all his shots, some of them badly, bad turnover because of an out of control drive, and he fouled Galloway on a 3 after Galloway had already release the ball.
Idk that second one on Drummond was terrible he picked Dwight clean
I haven't seen it, but it sounds even worse when you describe it.
Absolutely brutal to see live.
Worst injury I've seen since Kevin Ware's. Jesus christ.
Saw it happen live and I just oh man... I was afraid to even stand up. Then felt like I needed to walk with a limp afterwards. Got some terrible flashbacks to the PG injury.
Imagine being Gordon Hayward.  Not only was he probably in extreme pain, but it must be terrifying seeing your ankle broken the way his was
I legitimately gasped when they showed THAT angle. Probably the first time I've been gruesomely shook watching sports.
I was in a meeting watching the game on silent on my tablet during a presentation. I said 'oh FUCK' when I saw it, my boss came over and looked at what I was watching. I expected him to be angry but he was too overcome with nausea I suppose.
An ankle injury on Paul George level of gruesome. Out for the season it seems like.
If Felicio's making Steph Curry threes, we're not winning this game
you want to know why i'd be the worst NBA coach of all time?

because they'd do that thing where they show the coach mic'd up talking to his players during a time out, except it'd just be me grabbing cristiano felicio by the shoulders, shaking him back and forth and screaming in his face "JUST FUCKING **LOSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!**"
I think I'm having a panic attack. Jokes aside, they're just too bad. So fucking bad... We can't do this. I want to cry in a hot shower.
Get archie out of there he's trying too hard
No matter how hard we try, we cannot out tank these god awful teams.
We won’t be shooting this well all game. The loss is coming
You stupid stupid fucks
I know Asik has Chron's and running is often excruciatingly painful for him, but, you know, couldn't he just check in and stand under a basket?  That would be a fifth player right?
Cheering for the opposition is such a weird feeling
Where's that fucking I wanna die dolphin 
I walk a lonely road :(‘
Fuck your beep beep, im salty af
Sorry I was late, guys. Just tuned in, they were up by 14. Now only up by 5. 
Vuc and Gordon are tanking this game to the max
Man fuck Shrek!
This is so annoying. 
Fuck this shit. Just end up with a lose dammit. Trade fucking Grant. He's useless.
Can't this season just end already. I Fucking hate this shit. 
they're literally chucking up random ass threes that never go in maybe i can make the nba some day
I hate everything about this team
What Orlando did is blatant cheating, we can't even be mad theres no way we can out tank that
Yeah there is no way were losing this :(
Let Felicio run the point, before it's too late!!!!
If grant wasn't playing like roasted ass cheeks this game would already be over, so that's something I guess
They have to bench Lauri... You know, I *really* don't like to hope him miss and this makes me sick, but I hope it for any Bull at the moment...
That shit didn't count fuck yes
When did Grant become Kyrie fucking Irving
CAN YOU FUCKING MAKE A SHOT ORLANDO??? 
And that is the reason we need go get rid of "Blind man bouncing basketball" for next season.
I’ve never been one for actively rooting to lose during a game but fuck it PLEASE lose
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK all these motherfucking bums
fuck Sean kilpatrick and fuck this team. God damnit.
But seriously, you can't beat a team that's shooting 6-37 from deep... :(
Stacey: "Bulls need to slow it down a bit"

*Zel chucks a catch and shoot 3*
This is the worst deal in history of deals, maybe ever.
Fuck
Fuck. 
Yo wtf bulls
Yes. 2 possession game baby!!
FUCKING WHYYYYYYYY
this team is so fucking dumb 
Fuck sake
oh fuck off 
1 possession game! 
Holy shit this game 😂
How can someone pulling from the same gene pool as Horace Grant be so... bad?
Bulls could not score for the rest of this game and still not lose. This is an intense tank battle, truely pathetic.
F:ing Grant hate watching that dribble show...
bismack bishito is awful worse I seen 
Fuck Adam silver 
Team is so trash but they always are lights out at the wrong time and wrong game so annoying 
Kilpatrick.  Fuck You!
I never would have thought I would be so invested in wanting to lose a game in my life.  
Yeah we're not going to lose this. It's one of those nights when each of our mediocre players is a fucking 3pt machine. 
Does anybody know what channel to listen to the game on the radio? I'm about to drive home from work and I can't seem to find it
What Gordon's doing should be illegal
Fred is putting his secret tank weapon out there now! Lead us to the promised land Archie!
Shit... The fuck with the lead.
Can we play with 4? =/
Orlando decided to lose, not a surprise there. They're not even trying to create anything, they're just chucking shots.

And fucking Kilpatrick kills the tank
At least we have a tank-friendly stretch coming up
Hezonja actually legit so bad
Damn that would have been a sick dime. 
FUCK YOU Orlando for being legitimately garbage but congrats for knowing how to tank. FUCK YOU Bulls for not advancing beyond the 8th pick while still being pretty damn mediocre (to be generous). 
I stop watching and Bulls are choking guess ill not watch since im bad luck 
It's painfully obvious, we'll have to try harder to not win this game, unfortunately.
WHAT GOES UP MUST COME DOWN AND BY THAT I MEAN OUR SHOOTING PERCENTAGES
Cries hardly ftfy
There's no we can keep that up and Orlando will keep shooting that terribly. Thank god
Fournier, Ross, Simmons, Iwundu, Mo all are out. We have Purvis, Arthis, Birch playing 20+ minutes we might not win the rest of the 7 games
Think you don't have to worry about that, it's Grant...he always plays as tanking is the meaning of the game.
Haha yeah, that's the worst scenario. Lauri not playing especially well (in that situation) but we still score and we see Felicio making a once in a lifetime 3 pointer. It's over guys, it's over! 
This ugly 9-0 run by Orlando is everything we need
Not this game please, not this game.
the problem is actually that this team isn't that bad
Nud Sirk is a mean man.
I have the worst autocorrect ever on my phone. I don't know how to turn it off either.  Pisses me off so much.  
That's not too bad, hopefully our tank generals Payne and Holiday can lead us
Agreed, man this is frustrating
Would y’all be mad if Cameron Payne dropped 50 and won us the game?
Don't push your luck yet :/
And Isaac. He has 7 fucking inches on Nwaba we are going to get torched.
All the green numbers for the Magic's matchup boosts makes me kinda sad- we don't know what defense is :( 
Mad? No. Devastated? You bet.
Not sure, kanye grew up in the suburbs so i guess it wouldnt surprise me
Who knew tanking would be this hard
But we didn't cause we're dumb fucks
Fuck Adam Silver
From a very amateur lip reader I think he got ejected at 

"That's Bullshit"
"I'm standing here"
"How is that not a foul"
"Oh I'm sorry It's been happening all game"
My God, that was dirty. Over some nasty shot blockers too.
I hope we get him :/
Basically a playoff game for us at this point..
A must lose game.
Agree. Give relatively equal odds to teams in the lottery, with only a slight bump for being the worst of the worst. If the worst team has a 10% shot at getting the #1 pick vs 5% for the #14 team, tanking pretty much ends tomorrow. 
That read little bit disgusting clinch...
> His FT% is a little concerning, but on such a small sample size I don't think it's anything too disastrous.

expect him to end up in the 65-70 range. He was bad at them at IU too.
Eh, he scores 10 ppg on 9 shots a game. I like his rebounding and hustle. Plays hard, but he's destined to be a bench guy for life. 
He's our poor man's Antonio Davis
https://www.thestepien.com/ rank him at 14.
yes please.

Robez is the fucking man. I want this to be the team he actually stays with for a while. It's like he was meant to be here.
I hate the Kings and the Pacers equally right now 
Tomorrow is the biggest tank game of the year. 
There’s no tiebreaker between two teams tied though like who has the worse record?
We need a 3 desperately. 
*Cough fuck D Wade cough*. Sorry there was something in my throat, Fuck You D Wade. 
Must lose game tomorrow night. Big game. 
:(
"fuck you" - F. Hoiberg
Fred "Fuck You" Hoiberg
Robin when mad is a potential serial killer
Feel bad for the fans that went to see Lauri but instead he is out
typical olinyk foul - 'accidentally' coming down hard - just like delly does ..
[Fred "Fuck you" dance](https://streamable.com/1jiyc)
Miami commentators lull you to sleep...I could never watch Bulls games this late if we had these commentators...off to sleep.
fuck kelly
Yeah he is playing decently, dunno why hes being hated
It was like he heard Stacey and Neil and just went fuck that shit
Bulls should give away at least few hundred tickets randomly for every game left to fans, who have bought one after the all-star break.
My reaction could be coupled with some frustration. Watching shitty b-ball for 90% a season tends to amplify questionable comments
Could somebody seriously voting Portis state your argument, please? I just don’t understand.   
Lauri out again. I guess they can't keep RoLo out so they take turns. Fuck you, Adam Silver! I'd rather see the rook play as much as possible.
I don’t think I’ve ever been happier to be wrong 
Maybe because he only had 2 options... this poll stinks 
Mikal 99% over Wendell for me. Also the fact that Wendell is butt ugly might just push that to a 100.
how about my life. I didnt endure this season to end up with fucking Carter or Bridges. With all due respect.. 
Don't forget Tony Snell who was drafted by Gar Forman who is also ugly as sin.
If we still had Snell, we would have both Crazy Eyes and Droopy Eyes on the same team.
I wouldn't say Nwaba is that bad looking, but just my small opinion.
He doesn't have those awful looking 'wings'
Wadeception all up in that game
3rd game in 4 days. Bullieve!
I was told he is resting tonight which seems incredibly stupid considering who we are playing tomorrow.
I know the Ketel One Club has a separate ticket per game, but dunno about the Lexus Club. Try it, worst case they'll say "no" and not let you in.
It's actually insane how much more personable Paxson is as opposed to Gar
Lauri has a big summer ahead of him...


Scary.
he's at every home game I believe
He never said they were bad drafters he just pointed out the hyperbole of the comment above him
I responded to a comment saying Garpax only missed twice. Explain why I’m wrong.
The highlight of this season was the stretch of brilliance from him in the knicks game. The threes, the dunk, it was a masterpiece. 
Have a feeling Mavs are going to do some serious tanking in the 4th down the stretch.
#FUCK THE GRIZZLIES


I hope they loss by 60 again.
That Mavs 4th quarter was painful to watch 
Video linked by /u/BullsBlackhawks:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[Oh, its beautiful](https://youtube.com/watch?v=Te7goyAnzAQ)|reactionvids|2017-04-06|0:00:04|290+ (99%)|22,093

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/BullsBlackhawks ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dwfp7dd\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
When Dunn and Markkanen share the court, they give up 111.4 points (per 100 possessions).  That's the 3rd worst among Bulls pairings that have played at least 45 games.

They score 101.2 points (per 100 possessions) for a -10.2 differential.  That is the 3rd worst pairing on the team behind Markkanen/Nwaba (-17.6) and Grant/Zipser (-10.2).
Today's the anniversary of the double Nickle, too!

I went to that game, and the energy in the air was fucking electric!

People we're offering to buy tickets off us at $1500/a pop
Jordans gonna Jordan. "Craig Ehlo is a tough defender..." ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
23/37 FGA, 21/23 FTA, along with 18 rebounds (7 offensive rebounds btw), 6 assists, and 4 steals! 1 steal short of an insane 5x5 game. Only two turnovers as well.
Poor Craig Ehlo. I literally just remember him as the guy Jordan torched over and over and then almost kicked in the face. 
The one teams owner who openly admitted to tanking? No I don't, they'll do anything to lose the kings just played bad tonight
Have you been watching the suns for the past month?
Nope theyre a lost cause their team is shit the Mavs blatantly try to lose games in the 4th 
Seems like a rude thing to post in another sub.

If you were a techno musician, you'd be DaRUDE.
The meltdown of u/The_Izzo_In_Rizzo its getting bad
Bulls game are something Bulls can control. 


Contrary to the games other team would be playing.
> Thankfully Brooklyn isn't trying to lose.


Which puzzles me with all their loses.
I honestly only think that the Lakers and Suns are ahead of us but the Phoenix organization is absolutely atrocious. Only Booker, Elf, and Jackson are worth anything on that roster IMO but if they add Ayton that'd be an insane core.
Jokic keeps seeming worse. Can't play any defense. Stopped playing him late in 4th quarters

Rockets fan here. Sorry for the homer commentators! We know!
Fucking Lauri!!!
# **POST. GAME. THREAD.**
Rockets announcers are atrocious, I wish I could change the broadcast on my TV 
Keep an eye on the Blazers/Pelicans game if you can, it's close in the 4th! Blazers up 5.
If we end up with fucking Mikal Bridges as our reward for this awful season I'm gonna be so pissed. 
watching the game with one of my client's whos a rocket fan. He's already said sorry 3 times 
They should implement a mercy limit for this game 
fucking nene
At least the Rockets announcers like Daddy Lauri 
FUCK NENE
OH SHIT. Did we get Lauri now injured too!!!
That team has an absurd amount of talent.
FUCK NENE
So uh...how about that post game thread?
Guys there's a mad Rockets lad downvoting everyone here.
Holy shit FUCK NENE 
Need a link to game with bulls announcers someone please help
Can’t watch the game rn, what happened to Lauri?
God I hate Grant.
Marv a- I mean Neil called Grant Nwaba.
Aminu Pelicans of the GAME!
Lauri WET AS FUCK
These Rockets commentators are horrible

Lauri is so rusty from all that sitting out. Weak drive and weak pass. Well, keep the threes coming at least, rook!
Is Lauri just tired? What happened to his 3pt shot?
Of course, he’s James Harden. What I’m saying is if Lavine doesn’t reach that level it won’t be the end of the world. Hardly anyone can.
Fuck... Dame got blocked T_T
AD is just a beast man... Please just this game AD, give it a rest.
#FUCK NENE
I hate holiday and grant so much
Just forfeit the rest of the games this season and draft MPJ this is pointless 
Kilpatrick is awful. 
this team is just............

trash!

like damn this is getting so unwatchable bout to turn the game off.
I don't think I'd be too upset if I never saw any of these guys in a Bulls uniform next year outside of Lauri and Portis. Holy shit they're all so terrible. Oh and maybe Vonleh too, he's alright. 
Well, that's because Payne *really* can do it. Grant can't. :(
If they're not healthy. 
FUCK NENE
His effort is what lets him down. 

He also seems to be a few steps behind everybody else on the floor. Awful rebounder.
Same. "bank counts cause I'm a homer! Ahahahahah" Jesus I hate this shit 
No it’s me. Sorry guys. 
How pathetic do you have to be to go into the opposing team's thread just to downvote and make yourself mad? lol, Some ppl amaze me.
They play either Holiday or Lopez, on a game to game basis.
Oh, it works now. Never had to reload it before... Maybe I watch too much bad sites.
# **FUCK NENE**
He's only 22 man common now he's not that bad. 
Your opinion is bad and you should feel bad. 
Kawhi-bot 3000 bout to fuck em up
What did Nene’s dirty ass do this time...
You're wrong. Harden is an elite playmaker. It's irrefutable. Stop holding up "Hoiball" like it's the fucking "Hoily Grail" of hoop. Fred would beg Harden to come here to run his offense and we'd kill it. 
Both those players will be back though so you're wrong. 
He is a man id hope to see we sign to a 3-4 year 18 mil a year deal, not much cap space out there but knowing the nets theyll fuck us and we either match or let him go
I'm afraid some team is going to make us max him.  
Boy it's too bad the Bulls never had a chance to draft Harris
Kings Mavs and Hawks all do. Crap teams with lots of cap space and all are going to be desperate to make a splash this offseason. Don't be surprised if LaVine is offered a max or near max 
Too bad Bulls never had a chance to draft either. And needed to trade Jimmy Butler to get one.
Nah, Kings only have 2 winnable games after this, @Suns and @Grizz. And I'd expect them to lose 1 of those games. Maybe they could beat the Lakers too but that's doubtful 
Where's the Post Game Thread? This is already an L in my book.
Take this nazi shit outta here, you bum!
#Fuck the Grizzlies
The 'shitty ass' Grizzlies have beaten the Warriors this season and twice the Rockets and TWolves. For some weird reason they turn up for these games.
uh.. is he supposed to not play them tons of minutes and not make the playoffs?  they're a game and half from being out
Boozer at least gave effort on almost every play. I watch some of these Timberwolves games and I dare say their defense is soft/lazy. Teams just drive past the guys on the wing and get some weak ass contest from bigs that are obviously pacing themselves because they know they are playing 40+ minutes
And Jimmys fucking off to LA after his current deal expires
I reallt like the idea.


This draft is crazy. Im hoping we land Ayton though.
Can't draft the wrong brother this time if you get both.
What are people’s infatuation with Noel on this sub?  Noel makes Joakim Noah’s offensive game look like Hakeem.  Boogie, yes!  Capela, yes!  Randle, meh.  I’d rather roll the cap space over or take a chance on Jabari than sign a guy of his caliber or below.
Jordan was never getting traded... Didnt even click on clickbait stupid video. 
Wrong! It's [-17.5!](http://m.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=-17.5%21)
We tanking so hard we even have to rest zipser???? The kid dosnt Belong in the league
Harden and capela are out, so unlikely
wtf why
Wtf pete
He's bad
The team is bad
Bobby’s rebounds per game when he’s playing with Vonleh, Felicio, Lopez and Lauri. He seems to have increased dramatically with Vonleh and improving throughout the season. 
    Metagross is confused

    It hurt itself in its confusion!


Late 90s babies have made this discussion insufferable.
Yeah thats stupid, we shouldn't have judged the trade like that considering Gibson was expiring and Doug is average. At least we got a medium floor backup PG in Payne.
This is it. 6 teams battling for those 4th-9th spots. Go hard or go home. Hopefully the Bulls can get #5 at least
It's going to be hard to pass Orlando, but Sacramento hopefully can take the Suns and Grizz.

I’m hoping they can at least beat the Bulls, Hawks & Knicks.
Watch us get six and pick Young or Bagley... :(
If you want to hate the team no matter what happens, go to Blog-A-Bull
Thank God. I'm so tired of the number 8.
Got it at the UC not sure if any places carry. I’d assume so!!
Nah you’re right, the link I posted is the 9Fifty model, which are snap backs. His is the 9Twenty, my bad.

https://www.neweracap.com/SPORTS/NBA/TEAMS/Chicago-Bulls/CHICAGO-BULLS-CITY-SERIES-9TWENTY-ADJUSTABLE/p/11543344
i want doncic so bad 
Mikal/Miles/Knox with the Pels pick? That IS unrealistic! 
Bamba lower body work is a concern for me in the limited game highlights i have seen. Reckon he might struggle against stronger players till 3-4 years in his career 
I don't think LaVine is taking bad shots being physically unable to pass the ball on purpose. I don't think Lauri has lost his 3 and can't drive to the rim on purpose. I don't think Shrek is a useless lump of meat on purpose.
Seriously he's Thabeet 2.0 zero offense ability that's going to get shut down in the NBA. He's a terrible passer and ball handler too. 
That was a brutal match to watch... but it was another loss which secures our future
Holy shit we're picking 7th! According to tankathon the breakers
I wish he'd shoot less from there. He's not very good. 
second that. also nba site is utter trash, worst of all sports. rather just have a link to yahoo or cbssports
Dirk hit 22% of his twos and 0% of his threes :(
I hate the Mavs and the Nets so much
Built. Tank. Tough. 
Sorry for bad formatting, working at the moment :(
Nwaba is so fucking tough. Not many players just lower their shoulder and bully their way to the hoop. Especially not guys who are 6’4 
Vonleh is so bad. 
Him and sam smith are atrocious
He was trying to make a case to Stacey that the Bulls only won their 6 rings because the Pistons beat the crap out of them leading up to that point. 


I’m not sure but this is from his IG.
Bates-Diop combined with Bamba is a scenario I’m fucking with 
He doesn’t have a part with this team going forward. Sorry Horace!
Is this shitpost necessary? Wtf were you trying to accomplish?
his game is like okafor's. i dont think it will translate well
That was like his one bad game in the past few weeks though 
He's the second worst player in the NBA behind Andre Roberson. I'm not sure why he's still in the league, honestly. In regards to the Bulls specifically, we already have two point guards and he's taking a roster spot up.
Where does one get such a bad opinion? Is there like a Dollar Store of opinions you shop at? 
Have you been watching him these last couple weeks? Cause he’s definitely not looking like the 2nd worst player.
I thought it was about that Balls to the Fucks possibility... Maybe I just have a dirty mind.
Fuck the Nets
Missed it. Can someone summarize how every one did? Any takeaways from the game?
Worthless
That pick is fucked my friend.
Signing a high level tank commander, makes them the favorites for worst record of the season.

Fuck Memphis, trash ass franchise
Video linked by /u/goldgibbon:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[You must be truly desperate to come to me](https://youtube.com/watch?v=73-PQ7Jfipo)|KD35USA|2014-02-17|0:00:09|82+ (97%)|25,183

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/goldgibbon ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dw79l4j\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
It always pisses me off how unfair it is for biggie bagel. They all start at the same place but his laps are way longer. Its bullshit
Nets with a chance to tie the game off an inbounds play with 30 secs left. 5 second violation. Disgusting.
Felicolololololol what an awful fucking basketball player. 
Lauri already just feels like a vet watching him, he never does anything stupid out there
Those Valentine random solo hero tries is really annoying sometimes to see, but it's tanking so who cares.
Fuck. The. Nets.
Fuck you brooklyn
That was some weird ass scottish in the Ogre language video
its Toronto theyll choke game 7
Yeah, fuck it.
Eh if you factor in Snells awful contract they’re close to even. 
its actually a bad thing
What could college girls possibly give me that Bulls can't?! Some kids are just crazy people, smh... Ooh, *Crazy Train* started to play at UC
fucking tragedy
Who's cutting onions 'round here?
Crazy that in a 2 year span we lost Jimmy, Derrick, Taj and Jo. I miss that team.
Sorry man.
Come on Nets! Get your shit together!
Thought we were only 1 game behind the kings now
We are only 1.0 games behind the Kings, and 1.5 games behind the Nets 
fuck all that. if he can still play, I'll take him.
Fuck all that.
I don’t get why you are being downvoted. I mean it’s not like it’s a terrible idea. I would rather keep the picks but it could be a pretty decent team. 
Oh I thought he was expiring this year for some reason, my bad
The tanking in these games (including the one with us) is going to be so fucking egregious they might as well trot out each team's G-League affiliate and let them fight it out
We’d fuck people up. Payne, Felicio, Blakeney, Zipser. 
Knicks fan checking in, we may be enemies this year in the tank-off but I promise you that it gets better. After we trotted out our worst lineup in team history in 2014 we got our Unicorn. You just gotta believe.
when the Bulls were like 3-18 or so someone asked me if I wanted to go to a Bulls game with them and he was shocked by how excited I was about it. 
Valentine looks like an alien from Men in Black 
Snell revenge game, book it.
JJJ please...


But we're heading to MPJ I suppose.


I don't see Gar drafting Bamba. He's slow for Hoiball.
You got it all wrong. We *lost* twice to them, it is not like they just *beat* us. 
No joke. I'd hate to be on the end of big losses time and time again. Even yesterday's loss had me really sad, and we rarely lose by that much. Feel kinda bad for Memphis fans actually
I still don't get why they fired Fiz. Sucks for the fans, but this might be karma for the FO. 
5th worse in history, largest L since 98...
Lame
Jesus that's bad. 
Fuck O’Quinn
I'm hoping he's not really hurt. It's just the Bulls want to tank so bad and after he made those game-winning freethrows against Grizzlies, management saw value in him and said "we can't have him play like this if we want to tank."  
Just play Zel 40 minutes a game and let him average a triple-double the rest of the season. 
Damn he was playing bad really helping the tank 
Seriously. People dumb enough to say he “made a play on the ball” can fuck off. Just because you reach towards the ball doesnt make up for slamming your body into someone that is in a defenseless position. I don’t care where he was reaching. He launched himself at Blakeney and knew exactly what he was doing. 
Do you think Lavine can be beastmode like vs tiberwolves every game?
Jesus that Kings/Hawks game might be the worst game this season
Fuckkkkk youuuuu Pelicans. Can't wait till you get fucking swept.
Seems like we play worse when he is in the lineup sometimes.
These are projected standings, not lottery odds. So when it says 8th pick: 28.9%, it means that's the chance we finish with the 8th worst record, not the odds we get the 8th pick if the current standings hold
The kid has a kid himself? (Serious question)
You must be a drunk
I was just pointing out that Bridges is already legit.

And you're wrong. Please explain why Bamba is the guy? Having a hard time seeing anything but a shot blocker in his game.

You're set on him like he's fucking Rudy Gobert, and he's not that at all. At all.
And Portis would be a top-10 pick in a redraft. Granted, it was a fairly weak draft.
Nets are the worst team in the NBA by far. Everyone else is legitimately tanking. 

I don’t think it’s trying to tank as much as they are either giving up on this season or actually terrible
They aren't trying to lose, they're just pretty awful. Same as Phoenix and Orlando
No offense, but I don't understand why you and a lot of other people fail to realize that some teams aren't trying to actively lose, some teams are just fucking trash.

The Nets are one of those teams, and injuries have been fucking them over all season.

Just because a team has an abysmal record doesn't mean they want it
I think they are just bad
Agreed, I actually had high hopes for them this year and they were playing well until DLo got hurt for awhile. I think the Suns, hawks, and kings are the only teams that can compete with them for worst team. 
They’re actually terrible then
Suns, hawks, and kings have players that can play. Nets are just a bunch of busters. There's no excuse for losing after being up 20 on a team. 

They are so bad at one point the media thought  Dinwiddie was a steal of a contract.

Thats like saying  Felicio is a steal with the contract we gave him. 
Tanking is tough. Could you imagine doing this for four or five years ala Philly.
Fucking fuck the Nets
Dwight picked a horrible time to go 2009 on us.
Well that was depressing.
My ass feels weird
Feel sorry for their fan base, just by remembering it.


Add trading their fucked up lottery picks for nothing...


Philly are the epitome of tank years lost.
Fuck Niko.
Not good. He's just getting a lot of minutes. He played well the other night.
Did you see his stat line tonight? Lebron owns all franchises. Except us in Game 1s.
Well don't I look like an idiot
3%? We’re not that far ahead of the worst team. Feel like we should be around 8%
Can't think of sweeter justice with us landing a higher pick than the pathetic Grizzlies 
Nah theyre not in the lottery unfortunately. Also, even if the pels are in the lottery, we dont want them to move up in the lottery  because then wed lose the pick
What the fuck
Jokic is a fucking monster
# **FUCK THE NETS**
We should probably make this game a bit closer otherwise Silver's gonna complain again. 
Lord the nets are fucking garbage
**Don't you dare Nets!** 

EDIT: 
Well, fuck you too, Brooklyn. :(
lmfao nets are losing with 16 secs, fuck the NBA wake me up when its lottery day 
Can someone tell the garbage Nets they dont have a pick this year? And also can someone tell the Hornets that fighting for the 9th seed every year is fucking pointless and to get with the program?
They blew a 23pt lead!!!!!  Wtf
Nets are the fucking worst 4th quarter team in the nba, kill me.
Surprised Blakeney is playing, but maybe he wanted badly to show his skills now that he has the chance so no wrist injury will stop him.
Has this been the worst game of the season?
Get is less than 30. We are not the Grizz!
wtf i cant stomach this shit!!!

This switch everything defense is terrible. Need to fight over screens. Terrible coaching. Its one thing to tank its another to get the confidence curb stomped outta you
I mean I guess the upside of that Miami game is that it puts them closer to Pelicans?  But I guess if we lose and the Knicks lose nobody really goes anywhere so that's alright.  Still have a two game cushion on them.
Demare Carroll was a fucking idiot...
Only the nets could blow a 10 point lead with 4 minutes to go. Some of the worst basketball i've ever seen.

Hornets coming back against the nets. Shit...


Demare Carroll the fucking idiot is going to cost us that game...


Fuck you Demare Carroll! Pull him out please...
Neil posterized a poor soul with a bowling ball perhaps?
Filthy toaster sympathizers they are!
I can’t :(
Had a pretty terrible game in Miami early in the season, looked like a Sunday YMCA game. At least we've seen some high level stuff from Jokic this game
I'm having trouble to keep  my interest to watch this through. but I want to see can we keep them under 150 points. GO BULLS!
Yeah, fuck cavities. 
I wouldn’t be mad 



Every coach watched the scoreboard down the stretch.


It doesn't necessarily mean Hoiberg is deliberately losing games.


Can you imagine Popovich, who's Spurs are trying to get in the playoffs, to disregard the scoreboard in a tight game?


This is BS Cody.
He got a 5 year contract for a reason. They/he knew there would be some serious rebuilding.
this is why we won some of the closer games before /u/Pepsuber188 started doing them. Now Fred reads them before the game and is like "oh shit, we're supposed to lose this one, noted"
Seriously though, I am very displeased with the league targeting the Bulls. We do it one season and they warn us... Lame
Very disappointed if Nwaba is a starter next year
I have a feeling the Nets are going to slip behind  us eventually 
#GO NETS!!! 


#GIVE LEBRON THE WORST POSSIBLE PICK HE CAN GET!
Seriously can’t believe the Nets ended up losing... I really thought they had that game secured, they really wasted a bad night from Kemba
Don't look now, they've blown a 10 point lead with 4 minute left :(

Kemba's bad night > Demare Carroll's any given night
Oh my bad, but does anyone still expect the Pelicans to miss the playoffs at this point?
Cmon Blakeny give us a 30 pt game with some trash defense down the stretch!  
We aren't tanking... our guys are seriously hurt!  We don't want to risk injuring our valuable young guys even worse than they already are 
At least we get to watch Jokic & Felicio battle it out xD
Didn't his wrist got hit by falling down hard on it or something from last game? Depends a lot how badly it got hit, I would guess he isn't playing today.
Fuck that shit
Like I said yesterday, Bleacher Report is fucking trash.
I mean it is Orlando
Zach is not going anywhere. I believe they will give AT LEAST another season of Kris Dunn & LaVine backcourt duo before even considering letting him go or trading. I support this experiment. 
Is the Lauri one fake?
I knew it was fake the second I saw it. That kinda makes the jersey unwearable, no?
Thibs + 5 Nwabas is basically inverted twilight zone small ball.
Jokic tends to play worse against bad teams
Seriously, give us this story man 
I wouldn’t be mad with him sitting out the rest of our games, sign him in the offseason to a reasonable contract with incentives. 
I would go for him, although his defense is terrible.
It feels like every time I watch an opposing tank game, they lose. So frustrating and I can’t wait until we are out of this phase 
Fav = Spurs(automatic after the Bulls)


Hated = Fuck the Grizzlies!
Fuck the Celtics 
Faves: Mavs, OKC, Twolves, Blaze

I hate: Cavs, Celtics, Heat, Rockets
Faves: Timberbulls, Pelicans, Spurs and Philly. 

Least fave: Warriors, Lakers and any team LeBum is on. 
Faves: 76ers, Bucks, Warriors, Wolves

Least Faves: Cavs, Celtics, Pistons, Rockets
I like the Blazers, Warriors, Rockets, Wizards, and Nuggets. I hate the Cavs, Heat, Knicks, and Celtics
What about the Nets? They literally screwed themselves giving all their picks for something that never happened, and now they have been useless for a while.
He's not in our range sadly. 
I continue to be astounded with how many idiot writers they have working for them, pathetic. They seem to know nothing
Agreed and I didn't bring up his offensive game.
Yeah, that was fairly common knowledge around the trade. They had seriously bad blood after Rodman's shove. 
Video linked by /u/RoccLobster:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[NBA Dennis Bad Boy Rodman flagrant foul on Scottie Pippen](https://youtu.be/IhQyaKWsQy8?t=47s)|TheBarracudaaa|2011-03-04|0:01:29|0+ (0%)|1,077,299

> it´s a mans game

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/RoccLobster ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dw0gb8k\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
I kinda prefer that era. But I think I am tired of sports that give calls to superstars in general (and tired of flopping in sports too)
You're an idiot if you think Lebron wouldn't have also dominated back then
Some team in need of a pg might pick him up, hopefully orlando is stupid enough 
Even if he was BPA when our pick came up, I don't think we'd take him. We don't need a high-risk high-reward PG as badly as we need a center or SF. Hello, Mikal!
Can't tell if this is a tank commander joke but he has seriously improved over a small time
Zippy and Grant got worse I think but I ain’t mad, we need multiple commanders for this operation.
lebron isnt moving past anyone of the greats.  Hes 3-5 in the finals thats dogshit.
Got bailed by Allen against Spurs. Also Kyrie shouldering a lot of scoring in that Cavs championship.


When the game is on the line, look for Lebron teammates to bail him out. That's why I put Kobe ahead of Lebron, since he was the man when they won.



I’m not worried about Mikal continuing to put on weight. He’s put on 30 lbs of muscle since coming to college, and with no more classes to worry about and our team’s resources for weight training and nutrition experts, he’s gonna keep putting on muscle. He reportedly deadlifts 540 lbs from an article I read so he’s probably stronger than he looks already too.
Oh fuck I've totally been reading it as Mikal. I'm sorry. 
I hate this tank shit.  But it's necessary at this point.  We just need to lose the next 12 games.  Comon Bulls 0-12!
Scouts would be crazy to base anything on those few games. 
Scouts have 53 minutes of post high school basketball to judge MPJ. Trying to base anything off that would be insane. He's definitely a candidate to slip in the draft.
And let the bottom of the league teams stay horrible with no hope at a franchise player to turn it around.
L all the way to 6th worst record!
No one told me THOMAS THE TANK was on during the bulls game...
There’s a salty cavs fan on the Nets subreddit telling them to go fuck themselves jeeze
Don't want to be disappointed so I'm setting the bar low
They mad.
OMG, you're right.


If you're a rookie on that team, it would be depressing playing your rookie years on broken vets.
Fuck Lebron
Yo wtf was that scream Kanter?

Grizz now up 7. Is their existence just to fuck us? Cavs are a championship contender with a better pick in the draft than us. I hate everything about this.
Felicio probably  has the worst hands and court awareness in the NBA
How is mudiay so fucking bad
it's so weird to watch line-up of Payne-Blakeney-Zipser-Vonleh-Felicio on 4th.

It's so fucking weird. Isn't it?! TAKE THAT, KNICKS! 
Yo, I may be a Bulls fans, but that was one weak ass reach-in foul. 
No matter how this game goes I'm gonna be depressed by the end of it.
LETS GO clutch cold streak, i wanna see us down by at least 15 by the 4th
OI KYLE, THE FUCK. THAT'S DANGEROUS.
What the fuck O'Quinn 
Hurray, the Nets are pulling away.


With Knicks and Nets winning, 7th worst is not a pipe dream anymore!
THANK YOU GUYS FOR INJURING MUDIAY, JESUS FUCK
Pretty horrible  1st half stint from Blakeney.....
Ogres hate kebabs
FUCK HIM UP BOBBY!!!
Blakeney is one tough damn cookie. Taken a few hard hits and falls tonight and the dude gets back up like nothing happened
HE KILLED HIM!!!!!!
one of my clients is a knicks fans so we are using our 2 hour board meeting watching this game. both of us are depressed as well seeing these bricks 
Blakeney's hang time is insane
People are mad that we're losing. But we're actually just bad right now....lol
I had some major problems with my computer. I'm too afraid to watch now as it can be a bad sign, when Bulls were 17 down and now I watch numbers changing, only 12 down.
TBH i was disappointed that no one got into O'Quinn face about that, don't care if we give away a tech, no one punks a teammate like that 
blakeney's a hard motherfucker
Dirty play from a dirty player, I’m shocked
Why does 1 person always turn into a superstar on this team it's every game 
"My uncle will fuck you up"
#FUCK THE GRIZZLIES
I'll fucking lose it if Grizz wins again.


#FUCK THE GRIZZLIES!
You mean Denzel Valentine can't score 34 points every game to keep games close?!
Dude looks like poor man Ryan Anderson
I ain't mad when were losing this season. I'm mad when were bad though
the knicks have been bad for so fucking long idk how you can even say this
> Edit: just stating facts. Haven’t been good since Jordan. Shit, Thib and butler even left, literally now the worst team in the NBA. Nobody is worse. It’s bad. 

Sad when the Bulls are actively tanking yet they have a better core/brighter future than the pathetic Knicks.
Plenty of people were mad at Bobby. You can be mad at both players. Why is that so hard to understand? 
Could be could be!


And just checked Kings schedule. They still have to face the Hawks, Grizzlies and Suns. That's like 2 guaranteed wins. So 6th worst is still very very possible!


I'm hyped Neil Funk!


We just need to lose against Orlando.
Chance for 6th. If we lose all the way(need to lose against orlando) and the Kings still have games against Hawks, Suns and Grizz. Kings winning 2/3 of those games will give us 6th worst record.
Disagree. I feel like he’s always doing questionable shit. 
Kyle played the ball though, it was a dangerous play no doubt, but he did make a play for the ball
Potential Porzingis, Lavine, Dunn, Valentine, Portis, Vonleh, Payne, Shrek, Nwaba, tons of contract space > Torn ACL Porzingis, Frank, bad contracts
You and i are both biased but from my point of view he went through the ball by trying to go through blakney which i would say is dirty. Plus he talked trash after almost injuring blakney. Kyle = Punk
Anyone know why Jahlil is not getting minutes from the Nets?



Is he that bad?
But the Clips and Nuggets makes it really hard to root against Pels missing the playoffs.
Fuck Knicks. Z3l will throw 50 on you and we take the L. Eat that! Don't @ me.
MUST LOSE GAME BOYS
Where the game thread!?!
God i hope we Lose, the Knicks fan base is the fucking worst
Where's the game thread, turner?!
Where be the game thread?
[Sorry, I'm late.](https://www.reddit.com/r/chicagobulls/comments/85o9ue/game_thread_chicago_bulls_2445_vs_new_york_knicks/)
I'd say Celtics is the worst. Knicks are 2nd.
Don’t you mean literally hitler
Tried explaining the situation on their sub and they got mad salty saying I was full of shit. "Chicago has been caught this year" like oh fuck you, it was unfair and they know it 😒
Likewise. I skipped this game
Bunch a fucking meatballs I tell ya. 

*inhales slowly on a turn of the century cigar* 
Insanely athletic, Mr. basketball in the state of Florida. Averaged 17 points as a sophomore at LSU. Highly underrated talent, sky is the limit for this kid. 
That commentator is sooooo annoying
Where's my boy Dunn? :'(
Tanks do not fly 
i hope he does!

i also hope we fucking lose!
You mean -44 to -46
Fred knew we would torch those sorry ass cavs if everyone was playing
Dunn, Markkanen, and LaVine are all listed as OUT for tomorrow against the Knicks. Vonleh is questionable.
League: fucked.
Wrong order
Didn’t even think of that, yeah wtf
Anyone else remember the year we played a home game against the Celtics and we wore green and they wore white, fucking confusing switch over on that one.
With the Adidas contract players or organizations were allowed to pick the unis they wanted to use each game. With Nike now, the choice lies in Nike alone. There was a reddit thread on r/nba about this a while ago.
I, for one, am outraged at the lack of green jerseys! If I had Benny the Bull's phone number, I would text him right now!

The only time I didn't like the green jerseys was when we played the Celtics in them, because that was just weird.
We play the Knicks on Monday, that game will probably establish who gets the 8th or 9th spot. 
Fucking Knicks 
Has a game ever had negative points before?
2/3 will continue to whine because we picked the wrong player...
I’ve grown accustomed to it. It’s like that crazy uncle at thanksgiving that keeps going on about how the government is out to get him. 
Sick to hear. Seems like a lot of fans like Zel. 
People have been way to hard on him since he’s been here.  Our local media routinely rags on him cause he’s not Jimmy Butler and it’s unfair.
His elevation is insane. 
#FUCK YOU MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES!!!
dont you put that evil on me...
Random question but why did they move the Jordan statue inside? Anyone know?
Bull of the Game? Z3L deserves it
Why didn't we wear the green jerseys? wtf?
Didn't see the game did Lori get the tank memo tonight
They were missing half their squad as well man. No Love, no Nance, no Korver, no Thompson, no Hood and no Osman. I think they'll lose to Toronto, but it's a bit unfair to judge them off this game
I like how Payne’s been playing but that’s just a terrible take.
Fuck Nike
IS THIS TRAINING DAY BECAUSE DENZEL IS A BAD MAN
Is this the worst bulls starting lineup of all time?

DENZEL JUST GOT PAST LEBRON OMG LOLOLOLOLOL
Payne is so fucking legit. 
Fucking lose!
Z3l is fucking GOAT  tonight.
Fuck yes! And Knicks and Nets won!
Felicio with his swamp mud hands drive me crazy
Blakeney is such a chucking moron. 
FUCK THIS I WANT THE W
Felicio is the worst player in the nba and no one can convince me otherwise
Lebron going 50 or sitting half the game
Lebron's line this game is going to be absurd
Lineup is so bad Rodman left before tip off. 
My question to everyone watching this game, why are you watching this game? 
Felicio why can't you tank this hard against tank teams ffs
Zel is so money from 3 but so bad from 15 feet. I don't get it. Fully expected him to find his feel from there this season but he hasn't. Maybe next season? 
Why do the Bulls hate Portis? All the dude does is ball his ass off
Which record is Denzel almost on? Franchise number of threes in a game?
Fuck the tank, I want the W now.
This game is hyped as fuck
Payne is a nasty rat 
I want this game. Just to think I could rub it on my Cavs friends that we beat them with these line-ups out there...
KING JAMES, AIN’T GOT SHIT, ON ME!!!
At least we can appreciate him tonight for once considering we want the L
Cavs’ defense is terrible 
That is impossible - James will never try to contest a player coming down, he will only block from behind.
.
Getting dunked on is bad marketing, letting go 2 points aren't worth that ..
Let the hate flow through you. 
Like make a stupid arrogant dance and miss a three?
Seeing how bad the Cavs are
It's a Bulls game
You're just an awful fucking poster lol. 
You can be homo, it's not inherently bad. 
I mean he gotta worry about his hornets
At least we get to see mad lads invade the Cavs sub and laugh
Roll to the basket hard, hedge screens. Set screens. But that's about it. 
I knew he did that but some of the shots he chucks up sometimes are just crazy. 
Idc about that wtf
He's not top 3 in any reputavke mock draft...
I think MPJ is worth any risk six ten and can shoot. Think of this guy playing point forward like Pippen, he would be devastating. 
He's still not falling past the 6 or 7 range and we're gonna be sitting at 8 or 9. Go look at what Mikal Bridges is doing today. Guy looks like a complete mediocre bum. And that's who we are probably gonna end up with. 
He's not staying, prospects always say some crap about that then they leave anyways. You think he's gonna risk another back injury or something and lose out on potential millions? Hell no
If we get the 8 pick bamba isn’t falling to us :(
I think a team wanting a point guard might trade us 4-6 for our 9th and 22 worst case scenario. That way they can still guy a guy like Colin Sexton and pick up an extra pick. Then we still get 1 of MPJ, JJJ, Bamba,Bagley
Well this game will be something else that you didn't see before in this season...think we are going to be killed by 30-40pts.
Let's fuck them up
Fuck Niko.
Just give me a Bridges or a Wendell Carter so I can move on with my pathetic life. 
The east is so weak. A little continuity and growth, and we can be #6-8 for years!
Oops my bad thought he was up in the summer
What does spread mean?
#FUCK YOU MEMPHIS GRIZZLIES!
Also their star players are getting fucked up injuries. 
Headband Lauri would have a ridiculous rating in 2K 
All star is absolutely fucking not synonymous with superstar. You have to earn that. 
You call 23/6.6 and 2.4 blocks while shooting 39% from 3 (As a 7 footer) on 5 attempts per game all while being 22 overrated? 
falling out the 8 spot is not good in the slightest.  To me the lowest player I wanted to reach for there would be Mikal Bridges, and even that could be in jeopardy at this point.
I don't know if it's the nature of reddit or the nature of message boards.... or if it's the Chicago sports fan culture, but reddit and realgm have become awful to read for a long time now because everyone is taking extreme views on everything and it's always negative.  I think its Chicago fan culture tbh because its reflected all the time.  I fucking can't stand it.
Also you need to look at things not in a vacuum. It’s bad for the team to play well right now. The players now that we are tanking. We’re fucking with lineups and doing weird shit. That has to all be factored in. Come back to me half way through next season and reevaluate.
This isn’t a new thing where he as ranked as one of the worst players in rpm history. It has always ranked him as the worst. He hasn’t had a year where he has scratched replacement level yet.
Felicio’s contract is stupid and not a model for how to negotiate.  
Worst defensive *starting* SG.  There are bench players who are worse, and maybe even starters on other tanking teams. 
There's a propensity for RPM to be worse on a worse team. A few examples of franchise players spurning that isn't sufficient to negate my point. 
Well he's shooting 38% on 15 shots a game so there are a lot of empty possessions from him on offense 
There are also a lot of terrible team possessions where nobody can get anything going and Lavine is forced to take a bad shot. 
Smart move. I tapped out as soon as OP started speaking in absolutes, and acting like anyone with a shred of positivity was an idiot.

Sorry OP, but you aren't the gatekeeper of all basketball wisdom.
Seriously 
Bad for us, but hopefully Lebron gets a trip-dub cuz I need that shit for my Fantasy League Playoffs.
I hope KD is back for the Knicks on Monday! I'm going to the game!!
Uh irrelevant username
It doesn't really matter fam, this is going to be the most boring fucking Bulls game ever recorded. 
I agree I haven’t watched a game in a couple weeks now. 
hey at least we'll have plenty of March Madness to tide us over.
And how about our Loyola boys!!
I think the problem is his mentality. Also he sucks so bad at drawing contact and finishing at the rim
He only made 4 out of those 12 shots. 7 of those 12 shots were 3s, and he only made 2 of them. Overall, he had a horrible shooting night from the field. All I heard was clank all game long from him.  
He’s a month removed from coming back from an injury that kept him out for a year. I’d say being disappointed after that is a little unfair. He’s still got work to do to get everything back IMO. 
he got game 
Kuz bad a hotter start but lonzo deserves first team over him
I mean the specifically haphazard ones. Where he looks like it's going to be majestic and instead he's just taller than the guy. 
Trade up for fucking Mikal?

We have officially hit rock bottom. 
I feel sorry for the young fan base because we will be bad to mediocre for a long time.
> No ones rooting for the Bulls to fail


Hahahah, excluding 90% of the "fans" in this sub over the season.
I'd rather be a mediocre team than a bad team.
Oh, my bad. 
YAY!!! UPVOTE PARTY FOR BEATING THE WORST TEAM IN THE ENTIRE NBA!!!
by 1 pt to the worst team in the league?? Not sure why you're celebrating
At least we have a core now
Have you watched Duval at all this year? He’s honestly terrible.
Wrong place.
Can't understate how much I would hate having Grayson on this roster.
I don't know anything about him except he's hated on this sub. Why?
The guy yall want to throw games so bad for just got bounced by guys who will be selling insurance in a couple years. 
Not timing, everything about this bulls team is awful. One player, maybe 1.5 with a chance to be all Stars. But mark my words it will never happen with hoiberg shitting on the king chair
Yep unfortunately :( 
Congratulations, you just admitted to wanting to watch a mediocre, tread-of-the-mill, 2000s Atlanta Hawks esque team on a daily basis. 
You a stupid delusional fan
23 points a game almost 40% from 3 is struggling these days
I mean I wouldn’t plan on moving anywhere. Based on recent events it looks like the Knicks will keep losing and Bulls continue beating bad teams.
Yeah but Porzingis is probably one of the worst type of players who could get an acl tear 
Try watching the games. He was exhausted before the 4th even started and his shooting percentages at the rim were horrendous. 
Mock drafts usually follow what scouts are saying, so if Trae is dropping that means that NBA scouts aren't liking him, not that NBA scouts are listening to the mock drafts
Yeah that’s the number 1 selection. Take a look at picks 2-5 and that illustrates the point that drafting is often a crap shoot. We simply aren’t bad enough to get up to one no matter how hard we tank. 
If Trae Young is there at 9 it would be stupid not to take him. 
It's against the worst team in the league, who cares! Prepare for mediocrity guys, it's inevitable. Hopefully we can draft a 9th pick stud
FUCK THE PACKERS
Hey how about that?!  Thanks. Sorry to bring my negativity in here. I really want to keep the faith with this team. There’s just a solid handful of players coming out this year (a year where we are supposed to be awful) and I fear we are going to miss out on all of them. 

Fingers crossed. 
As a Bulls fan from Baltimore (and therefore a ravens fan) it always feels weird when people in this sub talk about the bears being their team, makes me feel like I’m somewhere I’m not supposed to be
letting a borderline g leaguer call iso 3 at the end of the game is literally the tankiest thing you could do.  😂
The 9th pick in the draft? Fuck me...
Man fuck the grizzlies
I feel sick to my stomach. We dropped to 9th after that abomination.  

Edit: Spurs won against Pelicans. I feel a little better seeing Niko hitting the side of backboard on a game tying three at the end. Their stretch over next week os so is fucking brutal. If that pick can drop to late teens. I wouldn't be too mad dropping from 7th to 9th pick.
Props to Hoiberg for the lineup he put in there the last 5 minutes. Memphis is soooo horrible they can't even beat a bunch of d-leaguers.
This team is so damn frustrating.
So fucking close, but so fucking far. RIP
3rd worst net rating in the NBA and we're gonna draft 9 or 10, what a fucking joke this franchise is 
Fuck 
Not going to lie this is frustrating but there is nothing we can do 
Worse than the loss would be to see the Knicks be all smug about this shit! Fuck Memphis!!
If we come away with Bridges and Mitchell I womt be too disappointed.
Might as well play our guys. This is a shit show!
Fuck me sideways.
AT LEAST SPURS WON!!! Salvaged this shitty night a little.
We fucked
I mean at least Blakeney won us the game and not someone like Rolo or Holiday.
It's a fucking nightmare. Nothing goes our way. 
Man it's depressing. At the beginning of the season everyone in this sub was arguing over whether we should draft ayton or mjp, now we're talking about Bridges, next week I wonder who we'll be hopeful for.
He's ours sorry bra. 
How the fuck has Memphis lost 18 in a row? What do they have that we don't have?
In all seriousness who tf saw Niko Mirotic single handedly fucking the tank
Can't believe you got through a whole, lengthy post without insulting Valentine. Props! 
What? Didn't Dunn hit a ton of clutch shots in the beginning of the year? Zach single handedly fucking the TWolves? Are we watching the same games?
Your team's on a 19 game losing streak  there is no way your team's bad enough to lose 19 games in a Row , last game against the bulls gasol didn't play in the fourth gtfoh...the bulls are just trying to keep up with you other shitty teams
You realize how bad it looks for your teams future to play against that lineup and still lose?
Pretty sad that you’re tanking this bad and your team still won’t sniff the playoffs next year 
Hypocrite, hmm that suspicious, Marc Gasol benched in the last few minutes of the game, I wonder why?
LaVines fgs past 4 games: 17-56
Yet you lost via G-LEAGUER ANTONIO BLAKENEY. Who's blatantly tanking now?

With this type of losing you will never win a championship...ever.
I know. I ain't mad
Knicks were up 104-98 with like 4 minutes to go. They were outscored 22-6 after that. Knicks won one game in their last 17 games. ONE game. ONE! They are on Memphis level of disaster.
pathetic is what you guys try to do at the end there. at least be a bit discrete with your tanking intentions. fucking sleazy 
> Except no number 1 pick

in perpetuity, FML

Niko fucked us
I was loving this season although we had some bad losses up to about 2 weeks ago, now I even forget to check the results. I understand why everything is happening but the crap involved in both ends of the table are making it much worse.

Our plan was to tank and get a high pick but now it looks like we're playing shit basketball with below par players for no reason. However I know that every loss is appreciated for our final pick but fuck me it's horrible experiencing it
But guard isnt our weak spot so why Sexton at 9
Portis is only 22 though. Can’t be mad at him playing well as he seems to be carving out a role on this team in the future. 
Conley is overrated, aging, and has one of the worst contracts in the league. Even if you got Ayton it wouldn’t put you over the 35 game hump. Enjoy being in NBA purgatory for the next 5 years. 
letting a borderline g leaguer call iso 3 at the end of the game is literally the tankiest thing you could do.  😂
It’s not relevant but I wonder what the rest of the tanking teams records have been since then. Probably something frustratingly awful.
Not salt just the truth, sorry bout your pathetic franchise 
> sorry about your pathetic franchise

Our pathetic franchise has made the playoffs every season the past 7 years. Besides what's going on with your front office? Giving Lopez + Wade a horrible contract, trading away Butler (since when did big franchises like the Bulls trade away star players for hopeful up and comers?) I think we will be fine, you guys have much bigger problems than we do. 
Might be the ball of his foot. Could've been a bad landing sometime during the game
Bruh he's raw as hell
fucking felicio hits 2 crunch time FTs after going 1/4 before
Knicks were up 10, spurs were up 15, grizz were up 10, but watch this day go to shit for us like usual.
These Memphis cheerleaders are thick as fuck. I’m both frightened and aroused 
Shrek is nimble as fuck. 
Payne hits the game winner. Mark my words.
Fuck this.
FUCKING KNICKS SUCK MY COCK GOD DAMNIT
I expect a 40 point game from Dillon tonight.
Cam what the fuck man
Zel what the fuck man
Fuck 
**FUCK THIS** 
FUCK YOU ADAM SILVER
Cam Payne needs to take at least 20 shots
This Grizzlies hype dude is FUCKING GARBAGE oh my god. 
Spurs vs Pelicans going small ball...
That non chalant lob by bobby behind his shoulder that went into the basket!
You fucking ogre nooooooooooo
Tyreke, WHAT THE FUCK BRO?
I hate everyone. I hate everything
Fuck this, I’m done
God fucking damn it 
My stream is behind and I can’t take it 
fucking bulls

I almost said that Felicio is a black hole in defence, but then I realised that a black hole sucks everything in its vicinity into itself... Unlike Felicio...
WHY ISNT THIS THE LINEUP AT THE END OF EVER GAME FREDS TANKING IS INCONSISTENT
Who does Blakeley think he is you OMG always 1 person to ruin the tank it's always one hero either Niko Portis or some random smh
It’s insane how it almost feels like the universe is conspiring against us
Even that doesn't help the tank. Sorry we won't be tanking as hard as *pedobear* teams.
I've soured on him tbh. I think he needs to improve his BBIQ.
Can’t focus if you’re not in the game 
Didn’t you just tell someone off for being negative?
Fuck off, players don’t tank
You’re team has the worst future out of any of the tanking teams
For rooting against the team. Vonleh's poor decision hurt the team. You can't see the difference? 
At this point you've pretty locked up the worst record.

Goodluck, and may those lottery balls be ever in your favor.
This tank rooting shit is so dumb. 
With your luck, I wouldn't fuck with injury gods.
I'm just sick of the tired of the predictable posts about it. Sick and tired. 
Probably... Fuck
I ain't afraid of no tankers 
Didn't we also stop the warriors home game streak
I accept the ban that's coming my way for jinxing us.  
  
My bad.
Just another game that we should lose, but we won’t. 
This game is a must lose
People about to be on Standby on reddit with the amount of shitposting content from tonight's game. 
I mean, it's a lottery, so they could finish 9th and still get the 1st pick.
When you consider how bad of a contract Wiggins has Kris is definitely the correct answer imo
I can't find it, but in an interview he mentions eating cornflakes with water as a child because they couldnt afford milk. :(
This is the day the Knicks out-tank us for the 8th spot. I just don't see them beating the sixers and us losing the awful Grizzlies.
That draft was just weird. You have all stars picked all across the board. Kyrie, klay, kemba, Kawhi, butler, Isaiah Thomas 
I was at that game Mateo got robbed 
5 in 6!?  Wtf.  Hope they survive!  Is it bc of that delayed Pacers game?
this is probably just until cam has bad game again, gotta let out the frustration somehow
I think it’s because we know how well he can play. He’s already had a 30+ point game and has had quite a few 20, so it can be frustrating to see him struggle. 
This. Tenfold. It comes down to the money, and we get closer to that after every game.

We can't just give the guy the keys, and we as fans can't honestly sit here and say he's made an improvement.

Injuries are one thing. But one-dimensional offense and bad defense doesn't equate to matching an outrageous number just because he's like-able and "works hard".
Nope. Probably the one thing that will prevent Zach from not getting paid this summer is an injury. He could have terrible performances the rest of the year and will get paid max or near max money from someone 
Its been a issue since his return tbh, hopefully a healty off-season can change that.
[you can check zach‘s game log here](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/l/lavinza01/gamelog/2018) 
These posts have been sick. Thanks a ton. 

the 4-10 seeds in the West are fucking BRUTAL! They won't stop winning!
Still 8th and tied for losses with the Knicks after all that. This is depressing.
They aren't the worst team if they didn't sit out Evans and have Conley injured all season. And they still have Gasol.  76s had less than that
Whoever doesnt want doncic is fucking insane
I would take MPJ or JJJ. Not touching Doncic with a 10 foot pole
It would be insane to not take Doncic in this scenario. It would honestly be insane not to take him #1 as well. 

I would play him at point guard though if I got him. 
Don't you mean pick n euroll?
And I wouldn't sit Luka on 3, I'd sit him to Pg or Sg and Zach would lead our dangerous second unit with Bobby, Vonleh, Payne and Z3l/whoever we draft with NOP pick. I see Zach not as a starter, he probably diminishes Dunn's and LAuris's development at that role

Dunn

Doncic

Nwaba

Lauri

RoLo 

is what I wanna see IF RoLo is on board. If not, we'll sit there Bobby or whoever we draft/sign. Anyone not namedv Felicio.
>At this point I’m just keeping my expectations low to not get disappointed

Like Bulls draffting Grayson Allen with Pels pick?
Yea the 76ers are so fucked right? They have like no good players, who would wanna do that 
Shaq did not work hard 
Didn't watch tonight but how has Zach been so terrible lately? In a slump?
:\^)
Tonight he looked frustrated. Had a couple of blatant no calls at the rim and it led to him taking bad shots - a lot of off the dribble, pull up threes. And when he got upset he started phoning it in on defense - not even bothering to get back in transition a handful of times. Really Wade level bad defense.
Fuck i hate those running sideways 3 off the dribble. Literally the hardest shot in basketball and the dude chucks em up for no reason early in the shot clock.
he loves making hard shots
Fuck the Knicks
Letting them walk to FT line forty times at your home den... *bad*'
Seriously though. Felicio is dropping dimes! 
Hornets up late vs pelicans

Edit: nevermind
I missed Payne steal and layup due to league pass :( 
He’s a little hoarse..

A LITTLE?!?
Felicio right under the basket passes it out with .5 seconds remaining what a moron 
Felicio is so damn clumsy
Denzel cannot let his man cut from the weak side wide open across the lane. Fucking fundamentals with this team sometimes 
I'm late to the party cause my recording just caught up but GODDAMN I fucking HATE Felicio. Motherfucker plays like he isn't paying attention on the fucking court. So many times he's open at the basket and is caught just watching the handler drive to the hoop. When a pass comes at him he just flinches and lets it slip through his GODDAMN OGRE HANDS. FUCK! 
DeAndre has an ugly ass FT shot 
No matter how bad Felicio fucks up I can’t hate him. 
Pass was hard but each pass is twice as hard if Ogre needs to catch him with his swamp mud hands
Damn that was a sick 2nd chance layup from Vonleh
Do the bulls not get calls or are we just terrible at finishing?
Was curious to see how bad Payne was so I tuned in for a few seconds before the end of the half to see him air ball an open 3.

Also curious to see what Bulls fans think about him compared to /r/nba
We need Blakeney and Vonleh playing like this for the Grizz game.


Hoiberg is a genius!
He’s made them before he’s not that bad 
Very disappointing. 
I just saw a lot of offensive struggles. Made you wonder. He was dirty at Murray st. 
He's pretty bad for how unabashed he is about jacking them up there. 
I get so sad when he doesn't play. 
Not a surprise, he wasnt moving 100% in the Hawks game. 
FUCK NO BAAAAABY
It is indeed crazy.  My dream is they somehow end up with Porter though.  
Fade me into oblivion if we fucking draft Trae Young
This is a thread that'll be linked in a few years to show how dumb we are. So: he's coo
Awful pick 
Pelicans play the spurs in a few days. That’s gonna be must watch and it could be the game they fall from the playoffs depending on how today goes 

Edit: Avery Bradley is out for the season. This could be very bad for the NOLA pick. At least Spurs and Nuggets are tied with the nuggets in games behind the pelicans, but that could be one less threat to NOLA
Its hard to do so when half the teams ahead of us are getting away with playing garbage players every game. 
Push for that 7 spot!  Biggest game is going to be the Knicks one. I can’t see us losing to Memphis, so I’m predicting they’ll have the same record going into that game. 
He is our poor man's demarche cousins
He looks like he's built out of trees, it's ridiculous
there is very little chance we get Ayton
very poor 
You’d rather have Vonleh than Portis?? That’s erroneous 
Gasol was just tossing shots up when he played us you could tell he wasn't trying very hard to make them. 
You know this list is worthless when you see Jontay Porter at #10
Since this year to a few extremely dramatic Bulls bros 
Does this mean Robin and Benny aren't friends anymore?

IS THIS A SIGN?
Sorry this was trash 
I agree. But for us he played terrible basketball.
He was terrible so we did what fans do and trashed him, he is turning it around so we are doing what fans do and jumping on his band stool, do not think he ranks a wagon yet.
It does underscore how awful the McDermott pick was, especially considering they gave up assets to move up and take him. 
Left a lot to be desired, definitely inconsistent and often just vanished but I wouldnt say terrible.
He was awful for us. Not only was he a subpar 3pt shooter for a 3 and D player, he made awful decisions with the basketball and took more 2's than he did 3's even though he was flat out garbage from 2 point land. He was always a plus defender though.
Ahh my bad thought he was 21 too. He’s still then the 2nd youngest on the roster then. 
It's infuriating how bad Brooklyn is playing ffs
Sorry about that. Didn't mean to come off like an asshole.
its really not an opinion thing. look at the standings. the worst case scenario is definitely 9th.
So they’ve been so bad that one of their losses counted twice?
Wendell wont fall past 7
Bulls are going in the wrong direction, but what can you do when playing the Mavs, Grizzlies, and Hawks?
Fuck it. Me too
Small fits like a men's medium shirt 
It's below. I wear a medium men's shirt and bought a small 
By my count 11, not 4, of the names you listed were entirely irrelevant to the conversation, as they were outside the criteria of what they were talking about
Not my fault you are shit at sentence structure. Guess we are both in the wrong.
I admitted I was wrong but clarified it was due to his shitty sentence structure. 
I don't think the structure was that bad. There was a period. It was clearly there. He could have made a new paragraph, but it wasn't "shitty". It was at worst kinda lazy. 
the 32 MILLION DOLLAR MAN probably owns like 12 of those cars. Also the swamp has no more room for parking
They've also made some AWFUL decisions, lets not forget, they passed on Lavine, who they had to trade for later, and traded up for Doug, whose not even on the team anymore.
Lazy lazy take
Gasol and Wade were past it too
Bullshit. Dwyane Wade himself said that he and LeBron were about to sign with the Bulls before the Heat got serious with Chris Bosh. You're pushing a narrative that isn't grounded in reality.
Lebron brought them to the finals. I don't think you can compare Lebron to a normal draft pick. When Lebron went to Miami, Cleveland was awful.
Definitely agreed, my bad. Just arguing semantics I guess. 
Fuck mirotic. FUCK HIM 
mediocrity, here we come!
Won the game. Lost the draft. 
At least Silver is rigging it for us
Dallas is definitely worse.
Y'all are delusional. The score ended at 123-129. No defense. This game was a tank-a-thon
I'm just preparing myself for the worst case scenario: 

 "With the 9th pick in the 2018 draft, the Chicago bulls select...." 
Oakley would be disappointed. Is he allowed at knicks games or do you guys treat all your players like shit
Slipping to only 9th is not the worst case scenario at this point
That is exactly where is starts, you do not start a rebuild beating the Warriors.  Want to be sad remember the Skiles/Del Negro years. EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW. We had nothing, and when we did we coached so bad it did not matter.
if you understand it, why do you find it pathetic?
👀 Cant have picks when you have a terrible organization 
You guys? You mean the dumbass owner James Dolan.
that's a stupid one
Fuck
wtf happen to your white boy who plays lights out? He got injured?
This is the worst crowd I have ever seen at an NBA game.
My cat just stepped in front of my laptop, meaowed and slapped the screen, when Hawks had their offense. Fuck, she's against our tank. >.<
This is the 3rd fucking time this month where we've been down on a tank team and they opponent decided to play some hybrid lineup that makes no sense at all. I'm honestly so annoyed man, the league only picked on us cause we double the next tank teams fan base. The fact that these teams can lose 20 point leads on us purposely and get away with it is why I want Silver gone. 
BTW, does anyone else find Hawks habit to play music through the game play is on, extremely annoying?
Oh god that hawk screech is annoying
Dunn really reminds me of prime Rondo on defense. high energy, all over the court, annoying as fuck
Nasty turning of the ankle...but Stacy King had me rolling with him grilling the Hawks trainer for delaying.
So the guy we were forced to bench for Lopez is +20 and Lopez is -14.  
Payne could have shot there, I even expected him to, but he found the open man cross-court. Maybe that article about him prioritizing facilitating wasn't so bad after all?
Felicio unnecessary hip check count: 1
Have the Bulls lost a game against another tanking team since that game in Sacramento? 
Anyone watching the Wolves game
can we fucking sign blake please????
Fuck this team Jesus Christ
If we leave out Felicio, our bench top5 has done in combined 80 minutes (16 per head) now 52 points of our 99. Hard to lose when bench guys do well.
Sunday afternoon games are some of my favorites to go to too. Maybe not everyones though? I wish this was a home game. 
You guys played holiday and lopez 12 mins last game. Everyone is doing it. Cut the shit.
I mean, i might have to DNP her for the reminder of this season. I know it's gonna be tough, but it has to be done.
We are witnessing the Communist Bulls, everybody is equally terrible.
game being dogshit aside he is right

worst jerseys i can think of
hate hate hate hate
its not easy to lose to teams that are much worse 
When you’re trying to lose and you can’t lose that’s a failure
Obviously it's not taking enough of a toll stfu saying that stupid shit.
Is he a Warriors fan or a Bulls fan? I'm confused
Yeah, it's weird but on boards you always have to qualify statements otherwise people take your statement to extremes and think you're Cray Cray.  But I knew what you meant
Bad. 1/5 with 2 turnovers in 6 minutes. :(
Jesus dude why u so angry all the time, its just a game
They were never going to be 3-20 bad but I will concede that winning 11 out of 17 was bad. But, you cant blatantly tank in the beginning of the season and giving Niko the opportunity to play well got us a 1st round pick.
I give you credit. You are consistently angry at the world. 
It is just so frustrating that every other tanking team has figured it out except the Bulls. Teams like the Mavs play competitive games all the time but they know what the end goal is
Thats what has really fucked this team over. I hated that streak, they were never gonna continue that kind of production, all it did was hurt the draft pick.
Nah, he's just gonna rig the draft and give these fucktards the worst pick they can possibly get.


It's going to be really hard for him to do that by continuing to play
Cam got clowned on all off season and most of this season and he has looked like an NBA player in the time he's gotten.

Is he an All Star? Is he an untouchable? Of course not, but the kid has shown he can play at this level, that's not what the consensus was after last year.

Motherfuckers want to hate just to hate on something
Didn't Cam just put up a team leading 17 points on 6-10 shooting OFF THE BENCH???

He could literally average 50 ppg and assholes like you will still hate on him. 
He’s not THAT bad
Lauri connection for when we recruit him after the rookie contract, gotta play the long game 
Because you have so much past evidence to prove this... Dumbass
That’s sick. How’d you get a chance to shoot around in the practice facility if ya don’t mind me asking ?
Ugly asl
You're probably not much better sooo
This is a must-lose game
Jesus fucking Christ. Let this season end already 
>:(
I was always skeptical, but whatever the reason since 2011 the Bulls’ front office has lost its drafting mojo.  And since they have always been bad at trades and free agency, that means they’ve struck out.
Well you're wrong. Simple as that. 
That’s the theory behind tanking, yes.  Yet somehow the Rockets built a team around Harden without tanking, and the Raptors built a team around Lowry and DeRozan without tanking.
Ill be at the game rooting for the hawks 
Tank is Dead =(
Does that mean Lauri's gonna go off
Im not a Bulls fan but I like your guys core. Has Lauri at small ball 5 worked or are there issues with defence and his strength? 
We'll end up with Wendell Carter jr or Kevin knox. Maybe even both. Things could be worse.
21 and a half but yeah, he'll turn 22 when he gets to the league. In my opinion, he needed those years in college to get stronger and develop his game.

Edit: cut out the hype talk
sorry got too hyped
The picks are sorted by regular season records. Tiebreakers are determined through a random drawing at the end of the season.
Fuck em all DRose and go ball the fuck out in Minny. 
Youngest MVP, stud, needed to be said 7 years ago, fuck'em
So edgy. 
Only Bulls and Bears fans cling so hard to the past. God somebody help these poor franchises so this embarrassment can end.
You’re right. It’s just very painful for me to think about. To me it’s just what could have been. 
It wasn’t fucking rigged. I hate how people just lie with conspiracy theory nonsense like this and people act like it’s ok. 
The only game I saw IRL was in the UC vs Heat in 2012. Goosebumps. Rose just game back after an ankle  injury, unfortunately he was bad that game.
Do you mean Jay Williams? 
Ben Gordon went to UCon.
Zach was talking about the refs, he was getting hacked at the rim all game and got no calls.
He's probably talking about the refs. They were terrible towards him all game.
The combo of getting no calls while shooting 3-15 will def leave a bad taste in your mouth. Get 'em next time fam! 
Bulls fans on twitter are idiots. They were attacking Portis the other day for “ruining the tank”
"Frustrated..."
Stupid af for buying jerseys of current players.
Well he shot 3-15. If he’s finger pointing after a performance like that then he’s insane. I don’t think he is though.
People take things wrong all the time. 
I know he's frustrated but what did the tweet say?
Hes fruatrated by how he played, not the tank. He was bad all game and whining to refs after every play. 
Yeah seriously
i really like how at the end of the game, rolo tried to support lauri after a bad shooting night
Holy crap, that was a sick move from Zach, kinda nuts that Drummond was able to ~~foul~~ block him
our gdt have really fucking died
What the fuck Payne?
The return of the Bad Boys?
Whenever we lose it's less painful because it serves a purpose 
Tired of those running floater shots. 
Even this game thread deserves 99th and 100th comment. FFS this is Bulls game thread. 99th...
Early game for me on the west coast, still at work :(
We tried but alien sliver said to let them play
Payne is having a game.
Fuck no! 
The ugly offense is definitely Thibs fault
I mean he's like #6 or #7 in the West and he'd be #3 in the East so I don't see the point
I just want to say that a post on the timberwolves sub say that I might be off base with my assumptions about defense and our problem might be entirely Dieng and Crawford. Just figured I'd let you know I probably undervalued his defensive contribution. 
He hasn't changed our defense much. It's still very bad. That's with him and Taj. His defense hasn't been super beneficial to the team. But with his replacements being poor offensively and some of the worst defensive players in the league, the difference is exaggerated. 

The wolves have been winning by outscoring the other team, not by focusing on defense. 
Maybe. The lack of depth on the team is terrible though. If it was just starting five right now, I would say we have a chance
Out of those five you think fucking STEPH is the one that should be taken out?!
Oh my bad haha
That is absolutely laughable lmfao. 
Were you guys crushed when KG left to Boston? Or did you understand because you had been miserable. 
I clearly don't know shit? Lmfaooooooo you have such unbelievably bad opinions it's insane

It's like you get your fucking NBA intake from First Take and Instagram. Like holy fuck how are you so out of touch that you think Kyrie is top 5?
You'd get knocked the fuck out
I'd say there is a 100% chance they say no it's dumb as fuck for them to do it and just nonsense.
We get to use their pick to draft someone worse than niko 
Well improved Bulls late pick and Pelicans late pick. Bunch of nothing. 
When we made the trade they were on the cusp of the playoffs, so we had a shot at ~18th pick at the time, but they have played extremely well of late.
He is but he doesn’t play at all, I think his health has wiped out his ability to play, he’s just a bad contract at this point.
tbf with niko we'd have a worse pick
I remember feeling bad for a min, cause he did not play well the first couple and they lost. His 3P% has been pretty bad for them.
Its basically impossible for them to keep their pick at this point, lets put it that way.
Goddamn I want us to lose but the Pistons are probably gassed after the Raptors game. 
Wrong Teague
For me, I want a guy to carry the team — not just an all star. Very few guys on his list are like that. You get those guys 1-3.
Wrong league 
I watch every game and watch this man rise up above defenders and hit tough jumpers. I say this with all due respect but you have to be delusional to think he has a slow shot that he can’t get off in the face of a defense if you’ve ever watched him play even once. I’m sorry. 
Does not matter why. What matters is that this is terrible for team success.
FUCK 
Worst case scenario is we cut him and eat the $24 mil left on his contract. It's really not as bad as you make it out to be. We ate $16 mil this season alone for D.Wade. Small potato, bud,
Bigs that didn’t pan out since the 80s... too sad to list.
We would have to buyout his contract. We could waive him and hope that someone picks him up within the 2 day window, but past that, it counts against the salary cap. 

This isn't the garbage NFL where you can just waive people.
Its March meaning were all at Nikos mercy.  Its already started as hes putting 21 pts on 13 fgas.  Edit: on ts and efg of .75 and .73.  Outrageous.
You probably mean Mikal 
This is bad for firegarpax coin. 
Yeah NBA season ticket numbers are based on sales. Not sure how the other sports base theirs on. 
rebuilding teams don't need to clear cap space. In fact, they should be taking on bad contracts.
I was watching too, I do hope that this game lowers his draft rank. Can't say what the NBA owners are thinking since they lost to Georgia in the tournament, and the sample size they were given of him playing was small. 
Anyone who thinks this one game says anything about this kid and will affect his draft position is out of their mind. 
I want mikal or bamba so bad
bro we desperate out here.
dude, can you go jerk off or something? stop replying dumb shit to me over and over.
Getting AD makes us instant contenders in the east. But this is highly unlikely.
This is terrifying.
Yo delete this fam this is scary af
Prob cuz he merks the game
Yeah he removed all of his crazy posts from last year. From what i can tell, it looks like he is doing alright
Doncic is so underrated by the casual fan it's insane. When he comes in as this 6'8" point forward phenom next year and draws Bird and Simmons comparisons the whole NBA will be eating shit. 
I'm gonna throw my remote at my television when we end up with the 10th pick despite having the 3rd worst net rating in the league
I love these posts but let's remember this is a lottery. Even if we end 8, who knows how the lottery will end up? We jumped up an insane amount to get DRose. We shouldn't consider ending the season at 8 as an issue until, at least, the lottery. 
[AD doubtful against Wiz tomorrow](http://www.nola.com/pelicans/index.ssf/2018/03/anthony_davis_doubtful_for_fri.html)
God the hate on our sub is fucking unbearable. Go prove them wrong D-ROSE!!!!!
I can see it now. Derrick has a resurgence and becomes their main scoring option, then Jimmy returns from injury and the Minnesota media creates a narrative that they hate each other and both view the team as theirs.
Fuck .....
Hire Boozer as a coach too.  He’d just yell “Get dat shit Jo!” from the bench all game.
Because he’s an awful player now
At least our boys got paid 
Tyus Jones is so fucking overrated this year
If history is anything to go by, trades and FA are statistically unlikely to move our needle forward.
[Doubtful against wiz](http://www.nola.com/pelicans/index.ssf/2018/03/anthony_davis_doubtful_for_fri.html)
Yeah this sucks.. Fuck Adam Silver!
Stunted our future for years. Honestly devastating
Adam silver hated on our tank. Singles us out when there's 8 teams who are obviously tanking hard.
Shit's so depressing, fam.
Fuck Adam silverware 
holy fuck. Not like this. hope his alright. Jumping up a few spots in a draft is not worth seeing a generational talent going down. 
It's hysterical at this point how literally nothing is going for us. 
Ridiculous we of all the bad teams get called out for tanking while the Grizzlies get to sit Tyreke Evans and hold Marc Gasol out of the end of games, hopefully we’re rewarded for this somehow 
At least our core 3 played well

Imagine them with MPJr at the 3 😭
Unpopular Opinion: LaVine looked kinda bad. He seemed way too selfish, especially those last few minutes. He was given the rock as the PG for a couple minutes at the end, but ended up either (a) turning over the ball or (b) chucking up a bad shot. After a couple of plays like these, they basically only fed Dunn.
I know we all wanted a L but Memphis is on another level. If we lost I would have felt sick, they are absolute GARBAGE!
Fuck my shit up fam...
I have been Bulls fans for over 20 years and this is the worst I have ever felt about our future.
Well, fuck.
It’s hard to even be excited when it was against the worst team in the league 
It could be worse we could have the Grizzlies as our team
10% chance in the lottery. Higher if we we manage to sneak into the 6th or 7th worst record. Ending up 9th would blow though, short of a 2008 level luck.  
Fuck Silver.
I don't know why this is down voted.  There are 9 or 10 'race-to-the-bottom' teams each with 18-20 games remaining.   That's about a couple hundred stinker games.   It's bad for the NBA.  

The lottery is simply weighted too heavily for the worst teams.  The NBA needs to make the difference in odds between 30th place and 16th place to be much flatter.
So you are suggesting the top teams of the NBA that hold majority of stars in NBA should get same chance at number one picks as the worst teams with no stars?

Are you stupid?
not to be a buzz kill but 9 assists to 6 turnovers is not great 
Basically impossible
Drafting a franchise player > not drafting a franchise player. One bad season is not detrimental to our future and could have been so beneficial
"Am I fucking stupid"

FTFY
"Are you fucking stupid?"

Fixed that for us. I hate edits. And comment limits.
Don't mess with me bot.


It has nothing to do with mathematics...


We're talking draft here!
Youre a moron and talk around every question the guy brought up to you.

Sseiously how would you have lost more games this year? Roloyodo and holiday have been kept out the past week or so, we brought lavine back slowly, hell were even giving CAMERON FUCKING PAYNE 18mpg.

If youre just gonna spout nonsensicle bullshit without anything to back up what you say just shut the fuck up.
Y'all were setting yourselves up for disappointment if you really thought we were gonna lose this one at home, against the worst team in the league, after our last outing. 
Let's get this fucking L boys. 
Damn, did Stacey King call the defense retarded or am I trippin?
Pls lose this shit. Don't tease me!
I swear to god Holiday... fuck off. Oh and FUCK YOU ADAM SILVER
Adam Silver gonna fuck us over until we're forced to pick Grayson Allen
Fuck me
Whys Gasol on the bench wtf

That was trash. Fuck Memphis. Ain’t nobody wanna play for Memphis anyway
Fellas...this is a pretty bad game of basketball
Fuck yes we need this L
No way we lose this game
Dun is really a bad tank commander.
Why the fuck is gasol sitting on the bench in a close game like this
Memphis is so fucking terrible. Bet Fizdale is counting his blessings. 
Grizzlies 14 game losing streak, faking injuries and were the ones getting fucked. FUCK YOU ADAM SILVER
I seriously have heard of maybe 3 players on the grizzlies roster. When did this happen?
AAAAND IM STIFF
Bobby death stare at ref is keeping me focus in this game 
At least Lauri's playing well
Michigan States team deserves to sit in the 300 level the way they’ve under achieved this year. Pathetic. 
oh no :(
Miss the days when 90% of the comments weren't tired tank jokes. 
These bulls are frustrating. Cant even tank right the one year they need to. Of course we would be the worst tanking team. Lets get ready for mediocrity for years to come...
Fucking terrible call. Refs killing my FanDuel squad right now. 
Kinda feel bad for gasol. 
I realize Zel has been playing really badly but man, just checked my Fantasy team (streamed him for the week), and he's 0/8
Mediocre
smh Hoiberg Jr. texting while attending the game
Fucking kill me
No it's not lmao
Wrong. 
He's trying to turn it over.


Don't worry, he's a trying hard tank commander.
We're playing the worst team in the league...
Fuck my stream, doesn't show it. :(((
At least he killed it for you last game. 
Yeah I don't see us losing this game even if Holiday is on the bench, the Griz are the league's worst team by far.
He has 4 aggressive dunks in this game. Log out. 
It’s guranteed when the grizzlies have 14 L’s in a row and are playing with random g league players
Sub .500 teams used to be scary
Bad bot
Expected doesn't mean it needs to be tolerated. 
Everything he says is so basic and boring. Also I’m jealous I don’t have his job 
Yeah I can't see how a guy going 5-5 from 3 would change the scope of a basketball game either. 
Holy shit it was 5. Simmons and Fultz #1. Embiid and Okafor #3 and Nerlens #6

In a 5 year span. What the fuck
Welp blame cuban for that dumb statement he made. No reason to get mad about it. There are bigger problems in the world. It happened in the past, move on. They exploited a flawed system now teams are paying for it. It is what it is. Also, Adam Silver doesn't care what you think. 
Knicks are 2.0 games behind us and the 10 seed Hornets are 4.0 games behind the Knicks (6.0 games behind us) - don't see it happening barring a crazy run made by us.
Some aren't....and it's the worst team in the league....

Playing well once and then playing terribly once and then playing well once...and so on, doesn't do it for me.  
Was talking in the present, they don't have those guys therefore they're the league's worst team.
This will come down to history as the game of the Tank Commanders...


Move aside Cam Payne.


#TheRealTankCommander is about to be unleashed
If theres one player on this team i cant stand its justin holiday...he is probably one of the worst players beside jerian to watch
So sad
I'm sorry but it's fucking bullshit that the league is directly altering the lineup of a team on any specific night. Adam Silver should never have the unilateral power to make personnel decisions for teams. I know it sounds hyperbolic but it calls into question the integrity of the league because it would allow the league office to effect the outcome of whatever games they so choose in the future.
Dude what the fuck are you talking about 
afaik there's no reason for him to be doing so poorly this season and I've seen alot of Pacers fans frustrated with Turner, but hey maybe it's like Drummond last season except Drummond was an All Star at least once before.
How can someone be overrated and have a 70pt game in the NBA?
You're insane if you wouldn't trade Dunn for him. Probably not Lauri though
lots of people are getting outplayed by Sabonis, he's not half bad this year 
FYI: Game is at 2:25p on SEC Network
Doncic is so overrated. I feel bad for whoever decides to take him
In a heart beat but Spurs would be stupid to make that trade. 
I guess Garpax owed the Spartans a field trip? I'm just confused why they are here and not in Detroit.. 
I would not be unhappy with that draft outcome at all. Solid wing plus stretch 5 rim protector. 
I think he meant one or the other, but yeah getting both would be ridiculous 
I'm confused. When has MSU paid a player?
Terrible day for the tank and therefore the world 
I’d like to tank this opportunity to say FUCK YOU ADAM SILVER. 
Hmm. I think Bobby has gotta punch Robin for the tank. Bob has been playing well lately..... too well. 
#seered
If we play Lopez/Holiday were fucked. Boom! Anti tank missle coming in hot

no reason to watch the game between two terrible teams and get depressed and watch them win rather play NBA2k and get mad at the randoms i'm playing with instead. 
Lopez would fuck Bobby up
The NBA would never go for the Bulls, Knicks, Lakers, Celtics dropping out of the actual league.  Will never happen.    Would be dramatic though.
But the idea is to help worst teams to improve. If you have a competition between the bottom of the league, chances are that the worst teams will never land a good draft pick.
Memphis almost beat the Spurs, if it wasn't for bad reffing they shouldve won.
damn I was too late...
Fired up Rolo Vs Pissed Gasol = double ejections maybe?! (god i hate tanking)
Anybody's guess really. He's at least out through the weekend I think. He legitimately had cartilage damage around his ribs, but it's vague enough that we could get away with holding him for longer than we would otherwise.
> You want to outplay a team for 3 quarters and then slink back into the loss,

This might be one of the worst season in NBA history.
Fuck this dude. 
Adam silver is the worst commissioner in sports history and he needs to GO 
How can you even enforce this? The league can't decide what players the coach chooses to play. This is ridiculous. 
He’s gotta come down hard now so it doesn’t look suspicious when he gives us the 1st pick.
oh no! we are in trouble!
At least the Mavericks won.
No surprise, all of you are pathetic.
Fuck the Grizzlies.
They are shameless in tanking as well as the Mavericks who need their pick taken away.
This has been the worst commissioner in the history of commissioners, maybe ever.
what has he done that is bad besides this warning?
Too late
I guess i’ll take some too. Fuck it
Vonleh is a good player whose never gotten a chance. Drafted by a team who plays retard Frank and fuck face seller ahead of him is embarrassing in itself. Then goes to Portland with Meyers fucking Leonard playing ahead of him and the Slov. 
I can’t recall a worse commish in all of commishes.
Damn. You mad.
Maybe the worst leadership performance mankind has ever seen
Goodell ring a bell? I think that it’s literally impossible to be worse than him. He’s had at least one owner try to stall his extension and wanted to sue
No losing any pick in the draft for making comments about tanking is seriously some of the stupidest stuff I've heard. I guarantee if garpax mentioned tanking you would immediately change your mind on how that works.
And he fucking should be, how long are the Magic allowed to be awful for until the NBA threatens to punish them? How about the Lakers? Its absolutely ridiculous. 
It's not about being awful, it's about DNP-CDing arguably our current best player. The point is to not be obviously *trying* to be awful, which the Suns Magic etc. achieve by just being awful.
he is sad, sad, totally

This is the Reddit, unless you add /s it’s very hard to tell who’s sarcastic and who’s actually serious 
He said he likes to fuck pigs. 
Then reduce the lottery to 10 or 5. Having a lottery for the worst 5 teams and then slotting based on record from there doesn’t seem too bad. 
You need to fuck up 
That LMA trade was so fucking bad lamo
Effin Jay Williams and that stupid motorcycle. I also remember the Ron Mercer/Elton Brand team to be really fun to watch while they lost a lot. I never understood why they got rid of brand.
I think you can be any age and still put in effort and playing hard though? If you're 22/24 professional basketball player and you still need a vet to remind you to put in effort and play hard ...something is wrong 
I think that was the front offices decision not his. I could be wrong though. 
use stubhub or ticketsnow on the same day of the game, you'll find tons of decent options and people get desperate.

I don't want to say when in the day you should buy them, but don't shoot yourself in the foot waiting for someone to lower them
They still have an insane schedule coming up, wouldn't rule anything out just yet even after today
I didn't realize until I just checked now, but in their stretch of 5 games in 6 days they play the Rockets twice, and Celtics once. That's gotta hopefully be at least 3 losses over that 5 game stretch.
WHEN DENZEL AND PAYNE ARE LEADING YOUR TEAM IN SCORING FOR A COMBINED 30 POINTS YOU KNOW SOMETHINGS WRONG!

IN CONCLUSION WE SUCK! 
I chose the wrong game to go to 😞
Jesus that was ugly
Get those "missed shots" out of your system now so when the REAL game begins you won't have any misses left.

/that's not how that works
I agree with him in the sense that I don't think LaVine's ceiling is all that much higher than what he's playing now. Not that that's a bad thing. We'll see though
https://media.giphy.com/media/l4EoVj6zoNhDwIj4Y/giphy.gif

Looks like he's having a hard time coexisting with Bob
I just feel like he would've been a beast in the 90s, but Im not sure how he'll translate to the faster paced NBA
We gon fuck around and score 69 points
*Praying we play this bad against Memphis*
Felicio is so useless

Man, i can't wait for a few years when we are contenders and i will walk around Melbourne and see causal bulls fans while I yell
DID U WATCH US STRUGGLE!!! DID U SEE PAYNE PUT UP FLOATERS 
Zach has lost himself at least 20 million tonight. 
...post game thread time, sensei alba?
Felicio needs to wipe the swamp juice off his hands before entering the game 
can we...can we just surrender with a post game thread? It's painful
All the guards on this team seem to think that the bigs are only out there to set them screens and get rebounds. If I was Lauri or even Portis, I'd be frustrated as hell.
Watch Payne fuck around and posterize a poor soul
We have a truly awful team and are on the verge of not having a top draft pick to show for it. Some of you don't realize how dire the situation is about to get.
^^just ^^fuck ^^my ^^shit ^^up
What the fuck Payne?
Zel is making my nipples stiff 
LaVine is ice cold
Well this is depressing
wtf  bulls
THAT BOY IS BAD NEIL FUNK!! THIS KID HAS A 34 INCH VERICAL! HE IS FROM MURRAY STATE! WOOO
every loss counts now these bottom teams too close.... hate to say I'm hoping for an L but...
How can Valentine be that stupid to not get the ball to Lauri there?
Horrible catch by the ref.
FUCK BOSTON
Denzel is so awesomely awkward. 
I wish he was useless, he'd be SOMETHING at least if he was
The order from command center was to **"never take your foot off the pedal."**


Cuban just happen to spend 600k to upgrade his tank technology, that is why we are lagging behind. 

&nbsp;

Note: Cuban is indeed not cheap(unlike our FO).
I miss our golden days too :'(
This game confirms it: if the miracle happens I want Luka. Team ball would sky rocket.
I felt weird seeing it again, but then the flashbacks hit me and my head hurts now.
fucking celtics!
I didn't end up watching. It was too painful 
He's 6th behind Clint Capela.
And thats why i was a little skeptical about taking Lauri, but fuck was i wrong.
You mean the Bulls traded two picks to get McDermott, one of which is on this list.
You're insane. Jokic is lightyears ahead of him.
Nah, he's still behind Capela, Jokic, Harris and probably Gordon. 
And without his athleticism LaVine is just an ok shooter with mediocre handles, passing, rebounding and terrible defense. What's your point?
Wrong* Hes absolutely not better than Jokic
On a team ranked 24th defensively, sorry that's nothing to write home about.
I'm saying if you focus on the rest of his game, he's just an average scorer and rebounder for a center. I don't see how that's hard to see. 6 assists per game also doesn't make him Steve Nash.
He's horrible 
he sucks.  too stiff.  
insanely optimistic.
Aaaannnnnd then tonight happens :(
Yeah I know we're tanking, but FUCK THE CELTICS
Kyrie is out. Wtf Boston?! 
Fake 1 seed
Yo u/Pepsuber188

Seen this [one](https://www.commercialappeal.com/story/sports/nba/grizzlies/2018/03/04/memphis-grizzlies-pau-gasol-says-marc-gasol-should-upset/393121002/). Hopefully you can use some input from that link.


Grizzlies piling up loses, has been really ugly.



Marc is pissed and Pau comes to his defense. That's some tank story for the next tank report.





Nets are bad but they have to be playing tanking teams down the stretch that are going to concede. I’d be shocked if we finished above them. 
Sorry you are over-valuing our players. That is common for fans though.
I hope we get a deal done. I used to hate on portis, but this year he has really improved his game. He could be a starter. 
38 fucking points from the bench... Next KG
Same. Tooooons of Bobby haters out there. People are difficult to please  
I never understand the downvotes without a rebuttal. If you disagree, at least explain why. 
Is it too mainstream to say Michael Fucking Jordan? If so then Jud Buechler
Only one GOAT MJ, don't get me wrong Pipen was a thing of beauty but the GOAT he is not. Now please let us sign MPJ
I'm late to this thread, but I'm all in for Ron Harper. 
Steve Kerr, based my game style and shooting around his and my playing number is 25 (born on thr 25th)
Bg7 in the playoffs vs the Celtics ray Allen. Just such a fucking treat to watch.
Hard hat and lunch pail
I mean looking at what it would take to get the 1st overall...we're in a better spot. Seriously go look at Atlanta's roster. It's a hate crime that that's being passed off on the people of Atlanta. 
Makes sense too. I’ll take Lauri and Zach over BI and Kuzma but I think it’d be stupid to take Kris over Lonzo (not dissing KD just giving Lonzo credit). I can’t really decide between Bobby and Randle tho
Lack of thinking on my part. Posted after watching a video on his career left me nostalgic.
Well then your view is wrong.
If he was a terrible leader they would never say it anyway. I'll stop here as there is not a single point I'd ever agree on you with.
I know as a fan base we did a 180 on Rondo last year but I’ll always have a little hate in my heart for that son of a bitch. The way he threw Kirk into the scorers table and fucking fish hooked Brad Miller was such BS. 
Zach makes it sick
Do you partake in sauna use? I work in a gym with infrared Saunas and the health benefits are insane!! 
I refuse to believe he can play in the league after the dallas game
Sorry that my joke rubbed you the wrong way, snowflake. 
Damn you’re triggered man. Chill out. Cam payne sucks. Get over it. 
Jakob Poeltl the pale prince
I knew this would be said but he’s not such a bad shot blocker or help defender.
I meant fuck that, dude. 
Grizzlies are so pathetic for sitting Gasol with Evans out my lord. “Rest purposes,” the all star break wasn’t even 2 weeks ago.
Trae Youngs game has already been figured out and exposed by college coaches. His stock is dropping 
we ain't trading Lavine fam the fuck
That sounds disgusting 
I think we're well past confirming that Jimmy has gone a bit hollywood.
Apparently he was out at a bar with wolves fans, so he could’ve been drunk tweeting 
If you’re sad about this effecting our tank negatively, don’t worry.. that means our bench is going to put up 0 points. 
Fuck
Miles is much worse than Mikal 
WCJ looks like Horford lite, that wouldn't be a bad pick 
WELL FUCK
Felecio -17, no one else was worse than -3. He's the worst player in the NBA.
I feel like Dallas literally just gave the game to the bulls they had like a decent lead with 7 minutes to go and it went POOF!

They were from there on out just taking bad shots, bad defense, just bad everything like it felt more as if they did it unpurpose. 
Fucking hell. 
Fuck
The Mavs really deployed some next level tanking strategies. They had probably the worst defensive line up I’ve ever seen out there in the 4th quarter, with Barea, Ferrell, McDermott, and Dirk. It was ridiculous they gave up the lead in like 1 minute.
Yo we fucked up
WHY IS IT SO HARD TO LOSE??? FUCK MY LIFE UP FAM
bad for the tank but with clutch shots from each of our big 3, how can we really be mad?
Fucking crazy. Orlando won,Phx up at the half. And Memphis close late
Why in all holy fuck are we still playing Portis but sitting Lopez? What sense does that even make? The dude is punching our tank in the face
cant even fucking tank correctly
Fuck off bobby all you needed to do was stay competitive and miss
WTF BP
Fuck this season
Sorry guys I brought some of that 14-0 season luck to the game and they accidentally won
Fuck. I'm pissed.
I hate them so much. Wtf are you idiots doing, you build no chemistry mid tank this way. Fuck you hoiberg, I'm still salty on you from 2 years ago. Getting hired with no knowledge of how to get through to adults. 
I'm not happy we won at all, but I can't be mad at this.
Don’t give me that optimistic bullshit. We fucking won man. No getting around it. This team is a bunch of winners and there’s no getting around that. We need a new team. 
listing point totals is worthless we played 40 minutes of losing basketball against a shit team and then they gave up. 
Those young guys were also losing for 44 minutes against one of the worst teams in the league. Then the smarter team realized the value in a loss and did the right thing. 
[You mean this more](https://imgur.com/a/OUhex#dPH4vag)
"goddamn it Hoiberg why are you letting these young players develop and play well?"

yall crazy
So Hoiberg is terrible for not losing on purpose?
MPJ is probably the worst out of the top 10 imo but that is just me.
Younger! Get a fucking grade school player out their for all I care.
Fuck the Packers
> Hoiberg is terrible

That's all you said, I assumed based on your comment. Can you address why he is terrible then?
the players and coaches on tanking teams are never trying to lose, only the FOs of the teams are. the mavs didnt "decide" to stop scoring, their team just sucks. also they probably benched Dirk at the end cause he's one of the worst defensive players in the league.
Fuck we needed that L
Reeding is hard
Yeah, but could you at least put what player you're talking about???
Mediocre seasons is not tanking. Philly’s process is tanking.
The mavs are throwing the game fuck you mark cuban
Secret agent doug helping out the tank. We’ll have to get him a ring when it’s all said and done
Anyone see the tip off? Seemed like Felicio didn’t even jump? Wtf!?!? 
Cuban fuck you got that 600k bullshit smirky ass frown
wtf Jerian Grant is back?
TAKE PORTIS OUT THE FUCKIG GAME GOD DAMN MAVS ARE LITERALLY FALLING DOWN LETTING PPL SCORE TAKE THEIR PICK
fuck the mavs
Fuck the fucking mavs they always have a lead and fucking choke it god fucking damnit there goes the next 10 years
Felicio. Is. Bad.
Mavs are clearly making bad plays on purpose. Silver should ban the team.
Kris Dunn plays like I play in my career on 2k, block every single passing lane for ball denial, averaging a zillion steals and fouls a game.
I am not complaining but what in the hell is going on with Detroit, are they really this bad? 
Fucking goddamit today was a huge game that we needed to lose. Mavs doing what we should be doing fuck me
fuck u dsj
I hate this team
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
Seeing these fans at the game cheering after we make our shots and are about to ruin the future of this team is making me SICK.... /s
Portis is so bad at boxing out. He's the anti-Rolo out there, puts up tons of empty stats.
Is there a record for layups/dunks given up in a game? If it is, it may get broken tonight.
kris looks sick with the city editions
I feel like Felicio has a poor diet
A must lose game and our guys are playing like it.
wtf this girl is 13, she look like she 25
man the magic fucking deserve the first pick. they are actually awful
That lady is a horrible ref.
Give that man a jersey, can't be worse than Payne
It’s so hard not to get pumped in moments like this...
if its a tank game i at least want to see lauri put up some numbers. 
i like how felicio plays face up behind the 3 point line like he's gonna shoot
Am I the only one who thinks the city jerseys are ugly....
CRAZY EYES GOIN OFF
Lauri the secret anti tank commander all along
Watching Cameron Payne run the offense is like watching a drunk toddler conduct a middle school orchestra
I'm going to be mad when the Bulls pay Zach Lavine $80 million
FUCK YA LAURI. ALSO FUCK NO TANK IS RUINED
Fuck uuuu
Yeah it's probably the worst city edition jersey imo
Lauri hit the rookie wall hard
You crazy!
# **FUCK**
:(
she makes terrible calls in every game I see her officiate, she seems like she has a huge chip on her shoulder the way she deals with players
Fuck, maybe once i get a job
nah i mean the sets and actions, its non existant at this point. hoiberg had this dude running around like a 7ft klay thompson. 
NOTHING BUT CRAZY FOR CRAZY-EYED BOBBYYY
because its a stupid fucking reason to get mad and saying the team is ass and shit for not purposefully losing a game? like come on tanking teams stay tanking. It's not how you get good in this league.
You're right. My bad. 
PF who can't stretch the floor, has no dependable inside game, no positional versatility, and is projected as a below average NBA defender.
He literally has one of the biggest wingspans ever for an NBA prospect, and he uses it with some semblance of control, which seems to indicate at worst he'll be an elite rebounder and shot blocker in the NBA. 
You said word for word that length is irrelevant in the NBA.. 
It's irrelevant if you're not using it on the defensive end.
I don't know if I fully agree with your Hoiberg comment. Small sample size (if any).

Whoever they pick, I fully trust it. If it's Bagley he's one of us. Have to ride with him and trust the development.
I never said I hated Hoiberg. I'm just not giving him credit for "fixing" guys you listed. It's a poor example on your end. Also, the word "three" or "3" was never in any of your posts, so yeah I have been following along. You're just looking for validity in your theory, which again has very little simply size (if any).

And if you think Nwaba, KD, Rondo or Wade are considered 3-point threats (shooters at that) you're a moron.

Besides, a coach doesn't "coach" you out of a slump. That's the mental aspect of the game the individual has to overcome.

Is there anything else you want to try and argue here?
If Payne and Felicio can step up their game tonight, I think we have a chance. None of this 5/21 bullshit. We need 0/30. 
I hope the Mavs players go all Major League on Mark Cuban and go on a crazy run.
This is going to show a lot about this team.  How do you perform when faced with a must-lose situation?  Go out there and entertain me while performing terribly out there tonight boys!
Going to this game tonight. Bulls +2 shockingly. Have to bet on the bulls winning if I'm gonna be at the game right?
I never laughed so hard
...at Small Forward.
Bulls play zero defense.  Loses 101 to 100. Dunn scoring all the points. 
Just like he fucked up Jordan Bell’s bitch ass 
Actually we don't, your owner blatantly admitted to tanking, for that you guys should drop like 5 spots for getting /r/nba to speak about how forbidden tanking is, Karma must serve, Bulls will lose today.
I still have a real hard time seeing Ayton not going #1 overall.
I also miss those jersey styles. Fuck the NIKE jerseys
Sucks knowing it’s going to be years before we can contend again 😔
No that was just poorly phrased. Fuck jersey ads too.
Probably call him for an illegal screen 
Felicia literally smokes 8-9 cigars before games and downs 2 six packs then goes home to his mansion and eats chicken fried steak. He also owns 4 hunting dogs that he’s trained to catch wild geese and rabbits to bring to him for safekeeping. He’ll be alright
Fuck man
That's why he's still one of my all time favorites. He would routinely make plays like this that I had never seen before. Every game there was something otherworldly, whether it be his speed in the open court, an absurd layup, or a floater swished from about 15 feet. I just gotta root for the guy even though he can't play like that anymore.
Wow this is SICK.  I was actually looking for Jordan's spinning over-the-top layup (similar to what he did with Laimbeer) against Charkles Oakley except Oakley actually held Jordan down with both arms and Jordan still got a shot off and hit the layup. But thanks for sending your link - that is absolutely disgustingly is SICK!!!  If there is one move that illustrates Larry Bird's statement saying "Tonight, it was God disguised as Michael Jordan" this is one of them.
Come on AD, ain't you tired yet??
What's up with the pacers flair man :(
Depends on the draft class, which I haven't studied, but it would be a tough choice.  I probably would prefer the 4th pick, though, even if it meant swapping 14 for 22.
If lose every game we would most likely have the worst record. Not that I see that happening. 
Our secret weapons.
have you watched bobby portis play lately? 

-Never passes
-Gets way to pumped up after making a basket
-Plays terrible defense
-Did i mention he plays terrible defense and never passes

Hopefully we can use him and the pelicans pick to move up in the draft a bit. 
1.3 steals and 1.4 blocks per game?? We're heading into March too, MVP-Niko incoming.
1.3 steals and 1.4 blocks per game? Who the fuck showed up in New Orleans because that is not the dude we sent them.
Teams around the league know who he is as well and that's probably (and unfortunately) the problem for him.
constantly being hurt broke my dude :( loves the game but it snatched everything from him. 
He was one of the worst defenders in the league by almost every metric the past two seasons, he's shooting 20% from 3, only getting to the line 2.5 times a game, and was averaging more turnovers than assists in Cleveland (1.8 to 1.5).  What other skills are there that you'd care about for a bench player?
Not sure if you bought already but check out fullmoonjerseys on ebay.
We dont, we just want it badly.
Spurs choke :(
S/O to GarPax for trading Niko to New Orleans so now we can root for two teams to fail!
Getting real tired of the pels man wtf :(
Mavs blow wtf
I don’t trust them in OT :(
Too bad they're on a tear 
I'm sorry, is this a dig at Niko? 
I still think he might not declare this year but yeah he's sick
I'm sorry but I will never open an article from something called "clickhole"
i'm a little worried that dunn and lavine don't work together.. I like the kris dunn that is attacking and he doesn't seem to do that when both him and lavine are together.  I know this is crazy talk but maybe dunn moves to the bench if you draft doncic?  
You have to move LaVine if you manage to draft Doncic.



He's getting an expensive extension and he can bolt out after few years.


But Bulls needs to time it. Maybe in 2020 when AD and Giannis have a year left in their contracts.
feet are too slow to stay in front of the athletic 3s in the NBA
He's too slow to guard 1,2,3 
> So having Luka and LaVine, you'll get stuck with OKC WestBrook, Harden and Durant scenario.

That was a bad situation????? They were a surefire dynasty even moreso in hindsight then they traded their 6MOTY and future MVP to save money which led to KD leaving down the road. What did you think was bad about their situation?
Compared to having Dunn, LaVine and Ayton, yeah that was bad.


Having three players needing the ball with two being a liability defensively.
Guy from Simeon, highly athletic, bad knees...where did I see this before?
Hard no. 
dumb. this would be dumb. 
Yeah a lot of people here think for some reason that AD will just randomly decide to come to the Bulls
He’s from here... are you serious???
He’s talked about it in interviews. Not to mention KD had also mentioned it. Are you serious? Why would he not at least consider coming home to a marquee franchise? Your logic is non existent....
i could be wrong but ill try to find something on it
Honestly no idea. I think some teams can change their city every year like the lakers are gonna do with their city editions 
Sorry,  I'm not a gymnast
Crazy how this draft stacks.
You'd take Bagley over Doncic? Doncic could play 3 and run our offense while Bagley plays the same position at Lauri and that frontcourt would have dreadful rim protection
I have a bad feeling about this Atlanta’s game
Well that's a guarantee today. The very worst that could happen today would include gaining a game on the Grizzlies or Suns
I have a lot of faith in mirotic, I hink he drag them down with some bad shots and worse defense at critical moments. 
How expensive is that Bulls collection for the Luol Deng card?
Seriously? I haven't played the game in a few months, back then the bronze players were going for 2-3k each. Had the market settled down?
The one against Tyreke Evans?


If I was not mistaken, that's the game the bulls blew a 30 point lead...
mistaken. the crossover was a year after and it was even worse (35pts)
> We still don't have a center after Lopez's contract expires or if we trade him...


As absurd as it is, the plan was Felicio replacing Lopez...
> Even the worst teams need someone to score, let's not get ahead of ourselves.

I don't see anyone getting ahead of themselves.
Are you dumb? Who said any of that in this thread? When did I say that?
Dawg u dumb af
You were responding to a claim that no one was making or even implied. That's pretty stupid
Carlos Boozer was the worst in my mind. I swear he missed 2 or 3 lay-ins every game where he could have dunked it. FUCK THAT GUY.
I went for the LaVine boobleheads and was there when gates opened...usually gates open an hour and a half before the game..they had them for about 15 mins then they were gone...Hawks game are the worst for giveaways..I've seen people nearly trampled for a bobblehead...its sad...the losing seasons are thinning out the bandwagon herd though
Yeah, I imagine people can get crazy over something cool when there's a limited supply. Bobblehead night must've been especially bad.
David Kaplan is the worst. Dude is super annoying
its gonna take some time for this team to mesh and they already know there isn't any looking forward to the playoffs this season. I can't wait for the next 2 years when this team might actually be a scary playoff squad. 
missed the terrible 2s and rebellious teens and his kid is born with a job? lauri made in the shade 
You may have meant r/NBA instead of R/NBA.
 
 ---------------------------------------
 
^^^Remember, *^^OP ^^^may ^^^have ^^ninja-edited.* ^^I ^^correct ^^subreddit ^^^and ^^user ^^links ^^with ^^^a ^^capital ^^R ^^^or ^^U, ^^^which ^^are ^^^usually ^^unusable. 
 
 ^^**-Srikar**
I'm sorry, but are there brakes on this here tank train?
Too small too weak too slow... #2 pick...
God dammit I hate the Cavs.
Up 2 1:18 left!!

edit: down 1 now Clarkson 3 :(((
Bro give me a warning. I think my ear just got blasted into space
Ur tellin me u didn't cry after the NFC Title game in 2011?
Fuck you for reminding me of that, absolute worst day of my life 
I'm sorry. It was also the worst day of my life if it makes you feel any better
Yeah only anger remains 
Crazy Eyes would destroy Drake. 
SHREK SICK OF ALL YALL TALKIN SHIT
I can just imagine MJ being drunk as fuck in the owners box making fun of all these bums like Zeller and MCW
"The Felicio game"
Is this a Game Thread or a Cristiano Felicio Hype Thread?
Bobby got some crazy eyes on Howard lmaooo
SOME STUPID HORNETS TROLL IS DOWNVOTING EVERYONE HERE
man that Lauri fadeaway is tough to guard 
I'm disappointed in these Carolina girls!! Maybe Chicago sets the bar too high haha
Holy shit 18-0 run once MCW came into the game
Who remembers when Kemba broke Nikos ankles? That was disgusting and I just got flashbacks watching Lauri guard him
Stacey's mic was broken lmaoooo 
Dunn and Felicio have been brutal this quarter 
Why in the fuck are these guys throwing out lending tree dolls
MCW is atrocious 
What the fuck is on Lavine's shoulder
I just started watching the game. Did Felicio hit the floor or something? Saw some comment on the bulls IG 
Cleveland and Brooklyn in a tight one. Come on Dinwiddie!!!
Team starts tanking and development goes out the door. Dunn looks bad, Zel, Markkanen, Felecio has no confidence. Zachs not in flow. This is the cultural problem I have with tanking. 
They’ve got Malik Monk rotting on the bench. At least give him some run instead
In this sub or at the game?
Minus the devastating sadness hopefully!
MCW is the worst shooter in NBA history this season. 
Robin lopez and zach lavine signed almost everything. I saw dunn sign around 10 things usually
I think that speaks more to how that is a flawed stat than anything. Watching Holliday shoot 37% from the field and offer zero threat of dribble penetration or distribution tells me all I need to know. 

He may not be bad compared to his replacement but there is no denying the fact that Justin Holliday is BAD and helps our losing efforts immensely. 


Holiday was shooting historically bad for the number of shots he was taking. He's probably the worst shooter on the team.
He doesn’t have to play at all. College basketball has been the worst predictor as to whether a player will translate to the NBA. Everything we would need to find out we could find out in private workouts and the combine
You could pull up 100 examples of both sides of the coin so it's pointless throwing one name out there
The Suns make me sick to my stomach.
West tank teams are fucking a--holes...


Kings and Griz are 0-10


Suns are 2-8
In mid-March they play 5 games in 6 nights.  They are all home games, but still, that's got to be brutal.  One of the games is a make up game for the one canceled earlier this season due to a roof leak.
I wonder how that make up game looked in Indy's side.



Kinda makes me hate NY and LA how their rookie are treated when Lauri puts up almost identical numbers as Porzingis and gets no mainstream media coverage.
not very good if he keeps having babies
Fuck the Kings tho
Insane how accurate this is
Don’t forget that awful fantastic 4 movie, even though I can’t say it was his fault the movie was bad.
STRING

WHERE THE FUCK IS WALLACE
Michael B. Jordan played your sidekick in NBA 2K17, and annoying as hell character named Justice Young.
Felicio has the athletic abilities, but think there is something missing in his basketball IQ. Just grinning stupidly is all he knows, and he sucks in defense very badly.
Holy cow the Suns are bad
FUCK THE SUNS
I'm always really confused by these thread titles until i see the comments
the refs in this game are atrocious 
what do you mean by this? i missed the game
Make Fred sub himself into the game.
Let the hate flow through you. 
Jarrett Allen dunked all over him, it was filthy.
We want to tank, not win the Finals
holy fuck
Yup. Fuck tanking
Yeah fuck Katie
Don't reward losers and actually punish terrible team performance.
Oh God and then Stacey does that weird half smile and stares into the camera without blinking for 15 seconds... I hate that commerical 
Felicio consistently surprises me with how unbelievably awful he is
If Lauri had been in Berlin late 80's, there'd be no leftovers to prove there ever was any wall.
**YOU DON'T POSTERIZE LAURI WITHOUT A PRIZE** See you at the playoffs in three years, you'll gonna get ruined, filthy Nets!
Fuck him for doing Lauri like that
On the tv app on my phone it says it starts at 7:30 
Wtf, I missed a quarter of the game?
Lauri gonna get revenge by the end of the game
Payne is terrible
Lauri gotta work on that post game yikes
Crazy stat of the night, in 10 minutes Valentine somehow has as many missed shots as he does rebounds, and he has fucking 7 of them.
He did lauri dirty smh, the nets are now our enemy
Why does Stacy king always try to encourage felicio? He's always talking about his effort and his hustle whenever he does something. He treats him like a kid who needs encouragement. He is a grown man and he is awful.
Payne's follow through is UGLY. Where's Shot Doctor Fred at?
I hate it had to be Lauri.... at least he didn't jump.
Denzel what the fuck were those layup attempts
Denzel's layup form looks like a 4th grade girl who can barely get the ball up to the rim.

I like him but that's brutal.
I'll say it since nobody else will. Felico sucks ass! He is slow as hell, can't grab boards, and has terrible PnR coverage. He's the reason Lauri got murdered tonight by Allen. I have a feeling his contract is gonna plague us for the next few years.
Brooklyn isn't even trying to tank and they're this awful
take dunn out the game put in payne
dont fuck this up hoiberg

Afro man having a helluva game
Can Davis fuck off for like one game please, jesus christ
We're missing so many lay-ups at the moment that tank is having a party. But it's still so awful to watch.
I wish someone sent [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOd4wqmIJp4) to Lauri before the game. 
i hate brooklyns hardwood, disgusting.
Considering how hard the tank is this year, why can't we have holliday on the roster? 
Terrible
:(
For real, that was my one way to watch Bulls games :(
don't worry this is hard to watch
At least he didn't jump
he sucks ass, may as well just keep him to help power the tank till the end of the year 
at least Dunn might be up there too: https://streamable.com/3p8c4
Yeah fuck him for trying to take a charge, rather him just run out of the way 
Yes, yes, and yes. I'm hoping he improves but his stone hands make him useless. 
seriously, why are the Nets even in this battle? Do they have a side deal with Cleveland to raise the value of the pick? 
It's 20 years later and I'm still hung up on how ugly Sam Cassell was. Dude looked like a Martian.
They are one of the worst teams in the league
> are explicitly trying to lose games

Are we not lol
We're 2 games out of the worst record. It is very well within reach.
The teams below below us are 10x worse and are explicitly losing too
lavine makes us a lot better for one, and if you watch those other 4 teams play you can tell they're just plain awful. margin of victory is also something to note. it feels like those teams get blown out on a nightly basis, while we kept it close with the sixers and are in a tight one with the nets after trying to make our lineups worse.
why are all these teams below us so awful, isn't Devin Booker supposed to become a scoring champ in a few years or some shit
That's a fucking stupid comment that doesn't even deserve an explanation.
Id like to see bagley on the mavs. A duo of him and dsj would lead to some nasty dunks
Tune: *Prelude To War* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlcUwUwjLrs They don't even tank but still suck. Frak you filthy toasters!
I'm hoping for 40 pts from Dindaddy revenge game
Think he is playing this game, but not playing tomorrow. That is how Bulls have rolled with him.
No Lavine though. But I could see Lauri having a bounce-back game with 25/11/4 on 3-8 from downtown. 
The sad part is i like Jah!
Entirely false.  The FO has reconstructed this team to tank.  
Tbh even when he touches the ball he can't hit a shot either. Was doing it during the Rising Stars game too, it's like he's just lost his shot overnight.
What the actual fuck? Three games in three days coming up? That's some serious load of basketball, even for professionals.
I get where you're coming from but it's not just about minutes. Athletes aren't only athletes for an hour when you're watching them, they have to work hard behind the scenes also and if they are working too hard then it can lead to injury, doesn't take a biologist to tell you that.
Definitely, think they'd benefit from cutting it down by a quarter but like you said, it will never happen
I was planning to go as well. Fuck this is annoying
Wtf is Serge Ibaka doing there
I don’t think I’ve ever gotten this irrationally mad watching teams I don’t root for blow fourth quarter leads
Yesterday was very bad for the tank outside of our game. Suns blew a 10 pt lead. Mavs lost a close one. And the grizzlies were up by quite a bit after the first quarter
There was apparently some memo to Bjelica that failed to deliver.  Something about stairs.  
My boy Nwaba is killing it lately
Come the fuck on.
The Mavericks are by far the worst tanking team. I watched that Lakers Mavs game and for them to be out rebounded 60 to 29 and refuse to play Nerlens Noel is a disgrace to basketball. Hopefully Silver punishes all those teams and helps us get that lucky bounce.
Are you complaining those teams suck or all those teams are legitimately bad? Because bringing up the Nets who you stated has zero incentive to tank, just means they suck.
>We're not and never have been bad enough for that.


I mean we were 3-20 at one point 
This.

Only teams I can actually see being this bad are Brooklyn, Atlanta, and Sacramento.

Orlando, Memphis, Phoenix, and Dallas are absolutely ridiculous, there is no way in hell any of those teams should be competing for the worst record in the league. 
Probably will after this season, but fuck we need it 
Of course Suns choked away their 10 point lead. Mother fuck!
Suns were up like 10 with 5 mins to go and of course they blow the lead. We actually just can't gain any ground on any of these fucking trash teams 
wrong sub bud.
Yep, they're already down by 7 now. I hate the NBA
nothing wrong with talking about our Wolves bros imo
Seriously though, how are they going to compete if they also have to max out Butler and Towns? 
We should tell Zach we're playing the wolves before every game, we'd go 82-0
That Lavine shoulder suction marks look nasty as hell...plague?
So Vonleh is basically GarPax’s attempt at quickly trying to cover up the horrible Felicio contract.
Drinking game... shot everytime stacey says "theres 5 nwabas out there"
I like getting drunk while watching games and going on ebay and buyiNg Bulls gear. Especially vintage stuff
Can portis and gibson play a game of 1v1
Not re-signing/extending Nwaba already may be the worst mistake we’ve made all year. 
when Zach’s got it going his game is so aesthetic

on the flipside of that coin..... when Lauri is cold, his game is supa awkward.  hahaha.  still playing hard though!
Nasty block
That's how you get into the game lauri
The game is at 9 
Expect an angry Kris Dunn game
At least Payne got a haircut
Bad game, tanking moves forward.
Where's the post game thread?
Cam Payne is horrible. Even his 3 pt shot looks like crap. 
I don't like the fact that Zach never looks for Lauri. Extremely irritating. 
Dunn is trying way too hard to show Minny what up. 
Can't wait for the nightly shit tier think piece on tanking in like 3 hours!
Combination of rookie wall, being cold and no RoLo. He’s gotta work on his shot too. 
Worst jerseys in the nba
I'd rather go 1-24, or 0-25 with Lauri and Zach scoring 20+ points each game.
unnecessary hate, chill bro
I kinda feel this way about him as well. Plus he is pretty bad on defense.
Horrible plan
Yep! I always forget Chicago is an hour behind indiana 
CUP DEEZZZ.. wait nvm that sounds painful AF
He shoots over 40 percent from 3 point range on 3.5 attempts per game, that’s why. 
Admire Paxson. Fuck Gar Forman.
Fire gar keep pax. Fire gar cause he ugly.
got a terrible feeling we're gonna trade Bobby for a late 1st rounder and 2 mil or some bogus shit like that
Filthy!
don't forget the all-star and rising stars game
This is the game where Kris Dunn will go ham and show Thibs why he shouldn't have fucked up his rookie year
Jimmy Butler revenge game :(
Kris Dunn and Zach LaVine revenge game - Dunn definitely had this one circled on his calendar since October. 

Sucks Jimmy isn’t playing but I’m stoked for the game. 
Where's Jimmy? Ow, ow, ow. Poor guy. Get well soon.
Ill even take a 2 pt loss after a dubious late foul call on Dunn thats later deemed wrong.  Moral and tank victory!  
Thibs is historically awful with rookies though. not really an isolated incident 
>Thats his reputation but whats the basis?  He made Jimmy earn his minutes and he turned into a star.  Was Thibs holding him back or helping build him?  


Jimmy's minutes increased when other players got injured. Lets not get it twisted



I agree completely but man some of those teams ahead of us are terrible, I mean Scott Skiles coached terrible. I do not even think Vinnie was this bad. I have no idea how we get more losses than Phoenix, the Kings, the Nets (the Nets are not even trying), the Magic (weren't they supposed to be a playoff team?), I have never seen a year with so many bad teams. What the hell happened to the Grizzlies?
FUCKING JOHN STARKS.
This is just stupid. Everyone knew nba back then. (Portugal and Spain is my reference) 
:( my bad.
:(
Are these bottom teams just expert tankers or are their situations really grim?  How can PHX, ORL, and SAC still be this awful after years of high picks? 
How did these teams get this bad, they look like the Bulls under Skiles is he out their consulting for bottom feeders. If so we need to lock up Del Negro to have a chance.
The games I’ve seen of the Suns and Kings at least, they have such a bad offense, just settling for bad jumpers all game. Hawks aren’t that bad, but their players are worse. Magic play some decent games but can never win in the end. Mavs, Nets and Grizzlies I haven’t seen too much.
He probably got Lauri for a pepperoni pizza lunchable each game, and a gogurt for energy before the game
Are you an idiot? 
It appears that way.  Poor idiot.
My goodness they are awful. You see the teams lower than us? They play with no pride or heart. At least that’s the silver lining for us, our guys aren’t going to give up.
Some of these crap teams play each other thru the end of the season.  We play them as well so there's a lot of possibilities.  
Does nobody realize that this is still a lottery where the order is not predetermined based on record? If we have the seventh worst record we could still get third through fifth pick.
Dad :(
fuck
[UPDATE: [Fogler] it does look like Jimmy says "it's torn"](https://twitter.com/cjzero/status/967229765546598400)

~~UPDATE 2: Clippers' nephew wilding out to the news~~ Turns out nothing to do with Jimmy. Just Lou Will playing well.

[UPDATE 2: [Shams] Sources: X-rays on Jimmy Butler's right knee returned negative tonight, with MRI scheduled tomorrow in Minnesota and some hope around the severity.](https://twitter.com/ShamsCharania/status/967242268007596034)
Dude harden gets every call it’s insane he’s the goat at getting to the line
Obligatory "FUCK NENE"

(Even if it wasn't his fault)
Fuck thibs.  Seriously 
How can you tell? Am I that bad at reading lips or are y'all reaching?
This wasn't a minutes issue tbh. Butler came off a week of rest. Nene just accidentally landed on his leg awkwardly. It happens ... unfortunately 
I don’t think it’s all that close either. He’s seriously made it an art. There will probably be rules made after harden like there was for wilt 
It's always a "freak occurrence" though. What's the common denominator? 
I mean Wiggins...
The week of rest mean nothing. 
How does anyone know how hard Thibs generally makes players practice compared to other coaches?  Also, again, was there a hard practice before yesterday's game?

This Thibs hysteria is basically just the extension of GarPax's and the media's campaign against him.  Ppl need to let it go.
Fuck that shit that tweet is low as hell by the clippers 
He's coming off a week of rest so it's not that. If you watch the video he does land awkwardly. Tortion is just basic physics unfortunately, nothing to do with weak ligaments. Can happen to anyone at any time 
KAT's been looking weak AF in a lot of the games I've been checking on
MPJ, Ayton, Doncic, Bagley, JJJ, Bamba. If we don’t land at least one of them, I’d consider it a failed tank until proven wrong. 
[studio behind the poster ](http://fugscreens.com/) 
Although not about Koreans, but Japan fans are really behind Lauri Markkanen.
MUST we field 5 players? Perhaps we can voluntarily play shorthanded ... or if not, then perhaps our players can literally play "shorthanded" by wearing slings or splints to handicap their skills.

... I am fucking around. please don't rip my head off
Another day of the worst possible results coming right up.
That is literally impossible
I'd calm down, Portis carried that +/-

Didn't look horrible though, looking forward to seeing what he does going forward.
He blocked me on ig :(
Maybe wearing cleats is hurting his game?
Felicio pisses me off, how you gonna get paid $32 mill then repay the team by getting fat as fuck and not giving a shit? Fucking bum ass mofo with no integrity. Such a stupidly bad contract that never made any sense whatsoever. 
Personally, I think he's useless on defense and a black hole on offense.  Like, he gets the ball and never looks to pass.
So? If a player is bad call him bad. Defense is 45% of the game.
James Harden anyone? Yeah he's terrible defensively. Wouldn't want him on the Bulls.
I mean I was a non-tanker till the Jimmy trade. This is the life we have chosen 
Felicio looks so bad.
this sub fuckin sucks
what are you gunna do when they get that top 5 draft pick? hate the kid cuz you never wanted him? Like the angry dad, who's son brought home a stray dog. 
He should start at center. Him and Lauri stretching the floor is a fucking nightmare for other teams
And he doesn't even put it on. He just throws it at them. Cause Bobby Portis is a crazy person.
Yeah neither team has won shit since then. Not sure what you’re trying to argue. 
No butler :(
[Nwaba Highlights from this game here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTdiPvEAbtk)
Trevor Booker is supposed to be a tough guy, isnt he? Bobby was making him his bitch it seemed like.
Harden? You mean Kobe?
Tbh i'm on the start bobby and lauri together train. Felicio has been very very disappointing 
Uh. Deng? Jimmy? Am I taking crazy pills?
I hope it doesn't sacrifice his development. He's been one of my favourite players this season. Shows a lot of heart and always plays hard 
Tank you for being a fucking moron Denzel!! 
Wait, what happened?! Did the Bulls throw the game?
I know Denzel didn't mean to throw that pass away, but I feel like the league might look into it because it was that bad.
i'm so sad
Valentine is a fucking idiot, oh well for the tank I guess.
Fouling Reddick up 3 was SO STUPID 
At least denzel remembered we're tanking...

But as for growth that was terrible. That was not a game you should have lost. 
But r/chicagobulls told me Cam is the worst player of all time? 
Lauri shot 1/8.  Not a good loss.
That stretch got us another 1st rounder with Niko though so not all bad but it would have been cooler to go 6-6 instead
I mean that pass was next level stupid. Even for Denzel. 
Yep. A player in his second fucking year coming off of foot surgery. Just waiting for everyone to do a 180 on Cam like they did with Garpax. 
Did you watch the game?!
Holy shit seriously??? Bobby??
So you’re saying hoiberg intentionally used his worst inbounder on that play to try and lose the game and tank?
This kid is ruthless. 

I love the way he was trying to get Lauri going in the second despite Lauri having the worst game of his career. 
It’s hard to not like this guy
I still feel terrible people booed him at his first bulls game 
At 6'2? I mean, we are trying to tank why not 
thats a weird way of spelling killer
Man I want bad real bad. six ten of pure silky smooth.
Fuck
He doesn't go past 5, regardless of play.

He's still a generational talent.
You are a fucking moron.
noah vonleh just hit a three. wtf.
God Felicio is scary af! Dude runs like a prancing fairy and comes accross like he’s slow af with the dumb ass look on his face. 
I just want to say fuck the Cam Payne haters. I believe in this kid 

Edit: nevermind 
WTF? I look in at the halftime score and Cameron Payne is +13 with 4 assists.  What's going on over there?
Our tank. Our glorious tank :(
And Kris+Lauri 2-11 combined and we still lead them scoring 69 in one half?! Whoa... I'm actually shocked. I'm hyped and panicked at the same time.
Lauri looks like sleep walking tonight. Baby been crying all night?!
I want Bobby to get 40 so fucking bad
Embiid’s foot was out of bounds lmfao wtf
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS what a game! 
Lauri, tf :(
At work on break*

Checks score*

wtf
Embiid gotta turn his fucking sliders down 
Portis going full crazy eyes mode!!! ONE PUNCH!!!
B3bby says fuck your tank
ol crazy eyes
Lauri looking frustrated. He knows he’s a little cold 
Is this the all star game god damn 
Questionable T
I am out of town and don’t have the game on tv. I’ve just been following this thread and the box score... can someone please explain wtf happened in the final 2 mins
The Bobby Portis game
Seeing Lauri just put his head down after every missed shot makes me so sad :(
do yall always make shots like this? This is fucking ridiculous.
Remember what Mr. Payne said. He's going for 25-0 the rest of the season. My god, I think our tank might be fucked as we have one of the easiest schedules of all tanking teams. We can try, boys, but it's like what else can we do? Well, then again, 3rd quarter coming up, and it's many times been our worst quarter.
Simmons being that quick for his size is insane. 
I'm not sure how to feel.
Sorry, Bobby, ain't no stopping the tank this time.
And Felecio with the minus 20.  How fucking useless. 
It's too bad that ROLO is a casualty of playing too well and trying too hard.
Can't believe I'm watching a live game with RAY FUCKING CLAY as the announcer
CODE BLACK ABANDON THE TANK

edit: nvm false alarm
# **"FUCK YOUR TANK"**

\-Bobby Portis
Man i can't wait for Simmons to play for Australia, USA is fucked 
Felicio is the most clumsy player I’ve ever seen. The guy reminds me of the village idiot. He’s just such a spaz! How the fuck did he get paid so much? He’s above and beyond retarded. The amount of brain cells firing in that head has to be ridiculously low...  
Franchise tying 18 3 pointers this game. 
I’m rooting for Felicio so damn hard 
people clown elfrid payton but saric has to have the worst hair in the league
man our shooting so cold
NWA3A-NWA3A Also wtf is happening. 
Fucking crazy eyes! im hype!!!
So mad I played Lauri over Bobby in FanDuel. 
Fuck
I hate this tank talk. We absolutely blew a game we had no reason to lose in the last 5 minutes. 
Get in the fucking weight room Embiid 
This team trys so hard hard for no reason like your average and below average NBA players just go out there and shoot half court shots all game #top5
There are no more veterans to stand in the way. This is hoiball.
Tankin so hard
Yup. Haven't seen him this bad in a long time. Hopefully it's just due to the all stars weekend. 
It's almost like he's still growing into his body, which is fucking scary. 
Nobody is missing... except Lauri :(
I mean Payne isn’t shit like everyone says he is. 
Sixers fan here to say exactly this. Terrible officiating. You guys bombed on us from 3 all night
Fuck yeah.
crude oil prices just dropped 50%, lets go boys!
I thought that was him! Fuck yeah!
>village idiot

lmfao i'm dying
You're crazy haha. Saric has a standard combover and whoever cut it is shit. Payton has like a weird avant garde mess that legitimately inhibits his game.
Nothing just weirdly shaped head 
BP isn’t going to have a career game every night
Bro we just got back from the all star break and you’re already trolling. Sad. 
Sorry. I'm drunk. I meant to say he retires when the hell freezes...
FUCK ME ITS RAY CLAY
Bebby* "crazy eyes" portis
my bad, I haven't been in game threads as much this season.
Not trolling, just being overreactive in a game thread as is customary. But you're already trying to police everyone. Sad. 
you misunderstood me, I meant that the fact that he lets his hair affect his game is idiotic. I used to have long hair and I totally agree
I mean AD isnt a guarantee. 
I'm talking about Mario using this open freewheeling 3pt heavy offense to his career/monetary advantage, but yes Bobby is still ironing out the kinks in his game, he's still 22
From what I’ve heard he’s sort of a nut case. He doesn’t get along with Carlisle and rides the bench. Hard pass
Nobody is paying him anywhere near the max.  Someone gave him really bad advice when he turned down the $70 million.  Crazy how quickly someone’s value can change.
This is literally just scuttlebutt I've heard from other fans so take it w/ a grain of salt but words on the street is he's not very bright. Definitely no Einstein & apparently instead of working on his game in the summer he basically just smoked weed and fucked bitches. 



Also I've heard hes not terribly strong & has little offense. I respect that we share summer training regimines but I think it'd be a mistake.
That was a really bad draft me thinks 
As of today him and Holiday are the players to play every game this season.
Can't remember for 2016 but we get it if it fell 11-30 in 2017. They got the 10th pick and then traded it for 15 and 20.

Fuck imagine if we got the 10th and took Mitchell along with Markkanen....
I called Lauri being a stud this year, one out of two ain't bad I suppose haha
I'm still annoyed about the fact that the Bulls had to give up the 16th, but at this point with Lauri, Lavine (if he stays) and Dunn, it looks like they have the role players, now they just need a star or two.
Biggee giannis? Thats crazy.
So we got Crazy Eyes Portis and Big Hands Vonleh
This is extremely random and bizarre, but I had a dream last night that Vonleh suffered a gruesome leg injury (like Hayward and Canaan)...hopefully not foretelling
What does CD mean
We should've traded him at the deadline. I feel bad for the dude.
Why the fuck would we trade this dude for a second round pick? He is hella valuable for culture AND play. Keep this man. 
It sucks for him now he's getting DNP-CD :( It hurts the tank but it hurts my heart for him having to sacrifice playing time for the tank... FeelsBadMan
I hope Zach sucks ass this game because I'm increasingly paranoid Philly is gonna try to max him with their ~60M in cap this summer
Revenge game?
Wow I'm fucking stupid, I didn't realize he was so efficient from 3
worst case scenario he can sit on the bench and stare at people with his big ass eyes  
just hope no more punches come from it
Taj is miles ahead of Portis that comment is crazy.
Summer league doesn't mean shit. Remember when Denzel won the Summer league for the Bulls?
Am I going crazy or is this just a link to LeaguePass? 
You spelt 'won' wrong
Powerless Forward
You think they sit him every game? I think he’ll still get minutes at least. 
Bobby averaging 30 rest of the season, too. One game man... come on now.
So he's a bad player?
I'm going with:

Bulls - 98

Sixers - 110

Those posters are sick as fuck.
God i hope so hopefully tho if worse comes to worse the draft gets rigged in our favor or we trade up
Fuck LeBron. Just had to put it out there.
Hate the player, hate the person too. He got a fucked up perspective on life and everything else, which says a lot about a high school grad with zero college education... 
You don't think it's fucked up that underprivileged kids are given an uneven playing field? 

Also how does his life perspective tie in with being a high school grad with zero college education?
Losing teams need to be punished rather than awarded from losing. Relegate the worst team and the problem is solved.
Is it crazy that Bobby would be drafted 6th if this were redrafted?
to your credit you had a similar mental breakdown when you wanted Jordan Bell this year so you may not be the worst scout ever
He’s about to make a lot of people look stupid. And I’m not referring to Garpax 😎
Fuck this shit I'm getting a Nokia
Kevin Knox is the guy we should look at. Quality wing scorer that we desperately need. 
Does his shot worry anyone? His release is very awkward and low, I don't think his shot will translate well to the NBA.
Technically his 2018 highlights are nonexistent because he hasn't played a game. I wanna see this kid play so badly
He's averaging 36 rebounds a game per 36 this season fucking unbelievable. 
Afaik he hardly plays
Weird
You mean the guy that bodied Lebron in the Finals? Yes please I'll take an MVP-caliber version of him!
I mean theyre playing the hawks, so probably 1-24
And at the same we lost a lot close games by only 1 or 2 pts too, so too bad we lost those...
Yes... felicio isn't the worst player of all time. And playing our young studs half a game isn't going to happen, because that would be equally as dumb as the original sentiment.
Well I'm on mobile so idk if that changes anything but I couldn't find the predictions for the season just for each game so I counted and the bulls are predicted to go 4-21
Dam you must feel like an idiot now. Holiday is playing tonight.
I guess we both feel like idiots, since Robin Lopez is not.

But actually I just think we were both trying to interpret what KC Johnson was saying, and he in turn was interpreting what John Paxson was saying.  It's not surprising that the message is sometimes unclear.
[Who's feeling stupid now?](https://twitter.com/KCJHoop/status/966815480307703808)

>Lopez AND Holiday will be DNP-CD. Won’t even dress.
I can’t even figure out what they are trying to accomplish with this jersey. Like it’s nowhere close to a real thing. That font is a middle school funds. I’m just confused and disappointed
They are trying to make money off a fake jersey...
Who has worse teeth... tank commander Payne or KD after smashing his face into the hardwood?
cant wait to lose some games in ugly fashion 
league fucked now
Are we parting from Lopez and Grant then? :/
Not saying much at all. Grant one of the worst PGs we have had in a long time
Ha Jerian Grant moving out of the rotation is a BLATANT tank move
Oh helllllll yeaaaaaa!  -Stone Cold
Felicio will play until he fouls out every game if he gets starter minutes. His defense is terrible.
Why the hell would Grant be out if the rotation? He’s an average player whereas Payne is ass. Also what is the idiotic thought process behind benching RoLo?
Did you say a "Fuck Lebron" every night before bed?
I hope he passes to Benny. Every Fucking possession.
He is, but Cam Payne is a potential all star tank commander and we don't have to see fucking eternal dribbling anymore
I really hate benching RoLo...


He doesn't deserve this.
Payne is a poor man’s Marquis Teague.
Payne is significantly worse than Grant.
My man, let it go, Doncic is going to be no good in the league. Elite vision doesn't matter if you are so slow that you can't get anywhere on the floor.
You should read Misbehaving by Richard Thaler. He makes the example of the NFL drafting up and for the vast majority of time it fails and the team is worse for it. I'm assuming the same concept will apply to the NBA.
There are 5 guys on the court in the NBA, there 22 on offense/defense in the NFL, HUGELY different concept, a star NBA player can change a game, a star NFL player can merely impact it.
Closest prospect doesn't actually mean that you're close. If I stand beside my two short buddies, I'm the closest of the 3 of us to an NBA physique. That doesn't mean I have an NBA physique.
I like it. 

I understand needing to reach the salary floor this season, but paying a dude 32 million dollars and then just months later including him in a list of players you need to "see what you have" seems a little backward. 

Nevertheless, play the studs until the game is in question, then bring in Payne, Zipser and Felicio for the Tank. It's going to be a tough 25 game stretch. The way I see it, we need to lose 17 of them. 
What are the odds we see Blakeney at all this year?


Sorry if it's a stupid question, I'm not too well versed in how NBA/G-League contracts work.
Man I am so tempted to buy a Rolo jersey. That guy is the ultimate pro. I hope we re-sign him to a deal that allows us to retain him and still go after Anthony Davis when the time comes. I would absolutely hate to see him go at this point. 
if we sign Boogie I'd be fucking livid.
Wow that's insane 
He just suffered the worst basketball injury one can have and he's turning 29 next season.
You are a moron if you are a star athlete and you would rather be in Houston than Chicago.
I'd say who the owner is is the biggest factor, at least thats what Daryl Morey thinks 
Jacksonville (and Oklahoma City) is bigger than Houston by area. Totally idiotic argument, no one seriously considers square milage when gaging a city's gravitas. 
Holy fuck I never read Zach's lips after that dunk:

> "Let's go man! **Don't jump!**"
Also, the dribbling all court length is a factor, like wtf just happened. Knicks were sleeping and he took the advantage. i was  hyped af.
HA! At first, I was all in on the LaVine dunk (recency bias). But then I rewatched and I'm with you both. I couldn't rank these. It's impossible.
the majority will deny this. the majority stays wrong.
If Lavine doesn't become an All Star were fucked anyway because you can bet your ass he's getting paid this summer
With all these teams trying to unload bad contracts this last trade deadline, I'll stay away from Parker.
We're 3 games out of the league's worst record, we're giving major minutes to Shrek, Cam Payne, and ZipGod, we have the league's 3rd worst net rating, we have a larger incentive to lose than several teams behind us, and the lottery might be rigged 😎
He doesnt need to be All-Star. Just needs to be All-Star calibre player. Jokic wasnt All-Star for instance. Are you telling me he Denver are fucked because he isnt? 

But nevertheless he does need  to prove he is worth of the contract he gets regardless of cost. Sticking with bad contracts at beggining of rebuild is how you end up nowhere. 
Understandable. I was getting a little overboard.
It is in these times when all else fails, we call upon the Tank God.

CAMERON PAYNE, HELP US ALL! 
I think we will crack top 5 worst.
Who is coaching team Steph?


Jimmy should at least get 5 mins out there. 


Even he has a hangover, he should be out there for the fans.
I dont get it. Whats wrong with Jimmy getting up some practice jumpers? Hes such a gym rat. Miss u dad!
I thought about that too, but I think the fact that he probably knew very few people were there to see him probably pushed him in that direction. If he were LeBron or KD tier he would have sucked it up 

At least that's the way I think about it
Jimmy was open about not liking Fred and not wanting to play for him. He undermined the coach and that had nothing to do with Wade. I fucking hate Wade but what I hate even more is people blaming Jimmy's lockerroom issues on Wade
Trying to spread the truth about this Tiki headed bitch, that's all. Were you one of those simpletons who giggled with glee like a retarded child when you saw this fool fall out of a boat?
it just seems like you hate a guy for no reason and are reaching at straws to justify your hatred. Like he didn't play in the All-star game and he's friendly with Marky Mark. Who cares? Doesn't make him a bad person. But do you I guess 
making fun of retarded kids, on the other hand, is no indication of having a "dogshit soul" at all 

kidding fuck you and your weird jimmy hatred
Anthony Anderson paid off the woman he raped and he's still out and about in the celebrity world, your point is that if someone is on TV you don't care what they did?

Terrible.
If he was on Jimmy Butler's dick like you are, sure.

P.s. not everyone is on Jimmy's dick like you, it's sad :(
Your making strawmans now. He never said anything about Wahlberg being of the hook for what he did because he is on TV. You have no argument to why Jimmy is a terrible person so you resorted to trolling because your jimmies are rustled.
No my point is that guilt by association is stupid

I mean do you think anyone who is on speaking terms with Derrick Rose is a bad person? Because they're all acquaintances with a potential rapist 

That would eliminate over half the NBA  
I never called them superstars. I specifically called them stars. Not sure what the purpose of your comment is...
Yeah ill link you one, ill prob do him dunking on enes
Ya man ill see what i can do
Yeah even queens make bad choices and boy was that bad 
So you were being serious? lmfao my man that's a bad take
Yikes, bad song too
thats objectively wrong
I rather Watch a bunch of Marvel Movies on FX then watch the All-Star Game
They wouldn't take his bad defense
Might be just me but "he should call it quits" implies that he sucks and doesn't belong in the league.
**GOD FUCKING DAMN IT!!!!**
I remember these rumors. That would've been INSANE.
That's a piss weak excuse.
Raw Tyson Chandler, Ben Gordon, Kirk Hinrich, Nocioni, Deng, motivated Eddy Curry, Chris Duhon
Can’t wait till 2020 all star game Chicago:

Skills challenge: MPJ 
3 point comp: Lavine and Markkanen 
Dunk comp: MPJ and Lavine 
All star game: Markkanen and Lavine
You have a point there, years and years of bad drafts 
FUCK at least it was dinwiddie who took him down
$155 :(
You’re a fucking idiot 

Edit: and also a butt hurt old head 
It sure is tasteless. Get out of here with your tribalist crap.
Sorry, tastemaster cat puke. 
holy shit that line about Ntilikina!!!! XD XD XD XD 
That would be so unfair
Steve Kerr in '97 (3pt) and Tyrus Thomas in '07 (the year he infamously said he was only in the dunk contest for the money...shudder) 
Friend, you'll get no argument from me on that point. I'm saying that despite his competitive nature and desire for the spotlight, he has never cared about showing out in the all-star game.
fuckin garpax didn't even draft him wtf
Remember when LeBron and Wade clowned on Dirk for being sick and then LOST??
yeah but lauri say markkanen was the ROY? don't think so. should have drafted dsj wtf #firegarpax
bro your reading comprehension is alarmingly bad
Europeans are Bulls fans too :(
Got one a week ago at timberwolves game sad i missed out on the free shipping :( but they said they only had small and XL on the phone i found a medium though after the game, cant wait for it to come!!
I bet they're going to use the Jordan shoe method with team Jerseys to pump demand artificially. Would not be surprised if they never do. My one hope that this isn't the case, is that the Miami Heat have been selling their city jerseys on their website

I called earlier today and she seemed to not know anything about the re-stocking that the guy who made this post was talking about. It's a little weird.
Hes getting paid. Hes not going to say it sucks 
In a vacuum that seems like someone that would be fun to party with.  Obviously he’s a terrible person though
Don't thank me for insulting you. It was my pleasure.
With today’s microscope and social media, Jordan would have either gone crazy and been eaten alive or he’d check Twitter before every game, drop fifty “fuck you” points, and tweet “@BallDude4Life420 who’s the bum now?!?!?” after every game.  I lean towards the latter.
I completely forgot how crazy Ben Gordon was in game 2 of this series. This series is the reason I hate the Celtics
I'm ashamed to admit that I no longer hate them. I miss hating on the Celtics...
I agree its disrespectful to call him a scrub after he won an MVP and after all the devastating injuries he has suffered. 

That said, if you watch him play and think to yourself "man I hope my team signs him" I want some of whatever you are smoking.
He’s been washed up, I hate saying this because it comes with so much backlash. It’s whatever 
Just go on DHgate and get a fake one for like $20-30
You can call the Madhouse Store @ (312) 455-4600. They have Statement and City edition jerseys as well as the regular ones. They are a little expensive at $155 with $15 shipping but have sewn on numbers from my understanding. I just ordered a Markkanen jersey from them.
Ohhh sorry, I was confused there for a minute, but hopefully lavine emerges as a star and we can build around him and markannen 
I can't watch this guy 24/7 but this guy is  not in Okafor's league. This is plain disrespectful to this man.
>  His DBPM and DRTG are atrocious

99.1 DRTG
It's not a huge difference, it's a semantic difference. We could've picked them, instead we picked McDermott.
An argument that has continuously been spewed around these parts for years. So fucking stupid. 
Too insecure
That’s a little exaggerated, Brandon Roy had 3 all star appearances before the injury bug attacked. I agree with Oden though. 
i literally cried when that happened. and i mean, everyone have ACL/meniscus injuries nowdays and changes nothing. hell, Westbrook and Wade had meniscus injuries early in their careers and dunked the hell out of everyone. just crazy bad luck. or he didn't work out enough, who knows
Lebrons personality is so foolish that whenever he does something stupid he just makes it look cool.
Aw motherfucker, shit!
Well, my interpretation of the word has always been 3+ people.  I could be wrong.
You are the one sounding like an idiot. You must not have much experience with sex if you think introverts cant be kinky. 
Damn living in Europe sucks sometimes.
You have to go into the physical store in Chicago. :(
So you expect everyone to go to a bulls game dressed in a suit and tie? I get it if you wear it to a formal event but what's wrong with showing your support as a fan to games?
OMG I just found out about the cost. CRAZY! I got an employee to contact me on Fb and now I know how much they are I feel bad for not wanting it because of the cost...
Add CC to this roster if we don’t get Ayton game over. 
Hate when people bitch about that. Makes the whole experience of being an NBA fan all negative. On a night where the bulls aren't on I can't cheer on a player I like or whoever's playing the Heat / Warriors? 
I think when the bulls are a playoff caliber team, there is no rooting for other teams. How things are now, there's nothing wrong with it. I'm just rooting for the Rockets or Cavs to beat the Warriors personally.

There are a lot of teams I "like". Bucks and 6ers come to mind..
Horrible day for the tank but at least it helped the Pels pick a little. Thanks again for doing this. 
I just saw their schedule, damn that is brutal. Already a rough stretch even before the rescheduled game was thrown in. A b2b2b is nuts, not to mention the have like 4 other b2bs still to go as well.
But they're on opposite teams :[
Damn what if 76ers took markannen instead of whoever that number 1 pick was. The League would be broken.
Red pinstripes is so sick
Pull out game = weak
Downvotes? Mike even hated these jerseys, seemed like they always lost in em
Pull out game = non-existent. ✊🏽
Every fucking team ahead of us in the tank also lost. This shit is frustrating 
Hope the Raps can get past the Cavs somehow
Still no Raptor killer :(
I always forget how much I hate Lowrys game until he plays us again.

Just cannot get behind players who even though they have the tools to be good anyways resort to flopping and whining to the ref on every single possession.

He's like the person who cuts in line at the coffee shop then acts offended and calls you rude when you call them out on it. 
Agreed, although it's not as bad as the rockets.  The refs are so on edge about harden and Paul, they end up missing and making a bunch of terrible calls.  The rockets/wolves game a couple of days ago was so fucking boring because of this.
The Nets did this last year, too.  Apparently bad teams don't always lose because they are tanking, they also lose because they are bad.
sorry dude raptors are trash in the playoffs and thats a fact. you guys are not built for championships
"us bulls fans"? man i hate being lumped together with scum like you who can't even show a sign of support to a rival team thats actually doing really well.
What the fuck yoi guys debating? None of you can predict future. Pointless discussion. We will see what happens, that's it.
Same height as Taj Gibson. Are you trying to be wrong over and over?
> Too short to be an inside PF in the league and worse than zipser on the perimeter.

That's your quote. But he's the same height as Taj Gibson, who you also describe as a poor shooting 3p shooter and thus an inside PF. 

So you yourself have said you were wrong

i knew these fucking idiots were going to regret all of the shit they talked about the bulls moves

i just fucking knew it
Seriously. Imagine if we had OG Anunoby at SF this season. 
The fuck? You’d rather have the 16th pick than LaVine?
that's possibly the worst take i've read on here in a while
Lowry/Lauri by Neil and Stacey is gonna fuck me up 
I’m getting a gut feeling that Portis is gonna go the fuck off tonight. 
anyone else annoyed by not being to tell if Funk is talking about Lowry or Lauri.
# **WHO THE FUCK IS FRED VANFLEET?**
Come on ref, that is ridiculous
I kinda hate it when Benny makes the half court shot because now I'll have the percolator stuck in head for days
God some of these fucking people need to close their mouths on these kisses. 
Jesus... wtf happened in that second quarter? Weren't we up?
This game fucking blows in literally every way I had hoped it wouldn't. 
ZACH FUCKING LAVINE
Our D is so bad
lack of Stacey and Neil kiss cam was disappointing 
How the fuck did Ibaka put that in holy shit
I know we're tanking but this is brutal
Grant is dumb as fuck. He should be on the bench. I can’t believe he took that shot. 
Zach’s game makes my pants tight 
The feeling to be RoLo *used* as a level on random 3pt challenge to make it possible for contender
He's back already. Fucking tease as usual. Dude gets 100 minor injuries a year. 
Funk has gotta fucking go man. I don't get people who like listening to objectively bad broadcasting just cuz they're used to it. 
Jimmy put it behind his ear.
Z3L game winner like vs Ohio State on Valentine's Day his junior year. 
Their bench went the fuck off...we suck...you know...bulls shit
Been getting blocked a lot though. Not sure what that's about. 
Yes yes, we know u hate him so stop spamming that bs.
He is just pointing the obvious, blind man bouncing basketball. Yes he can shoot & drive, but damn he is blind in seeing people on the court.
Philadelphia has decent and Minnesota don't have too biased either. Haven't listened to all western teams, but clippers for me are the worst ever and shouldn't be commentators at all.
I like Funk's banter with Stacey, but when it comes to the basics of his job, like calling the game accurately, he's really not very good.
I said nothing about him not having a bad streak...

...don't respond to me.
Playing tonight in ACC championship game 
You dont care about davis? You’re crazy man
Just a giant board that reads
"Our bad"
wtf
Not to mention effort (on every play) is the hardest thing to teach in the game. Plenty of the greats never had it.
Its the only Zach song I could find. Its so bad, forgive me!
Everyone cross your fingers that KD 20 minutes & Arcidiaccono 20 minutes and we leave grant his random 8 minutes that is left of the game.
i feel like nobody thinks wiggins is worse than twolves fans do tho. 
Unfortunately a lot of the Hawks starters are out today :(
Clippers the only game that went our way fml :(
State of the tank is going bad.


Bulls are losing on all fronts, need the all-star for us to regroup.



Unleash Felicio and Payne to finish of these other tanks...
Blazers won to save the day.


That's a tough match-up against GSW.


Pels will have a tough schedule soon.
Friedell sucks eggs
Hope Zach has another breakout game. Also hoping to see Dunn out there, even with a minutes restriction.
The is the game where Zach Lavine becomes a Raptor killer.
Nope.  This is the pre-game thread, not the game thread.
Think your meat eating lizards are too cold blooded for us at the moment. You already ate our thighs in 1st game, 2nd game you took our stomach open, think this game you are going for the heart...
agreed no GM would do this trade - given the top 5-6 Players (doncic, ayton, MPJ, Bamba, MB3, JJJ)... altho I could see gar pax doing something this stupid - hopefully not!
Random question but are you an Aussie?
He has been consistently ranked by rpm as one of the worst point guards in the nba and one of the worst defensive players in rpm history.
I heard that yesterday during the game and was a little shocked tbh
We should see the shots during the game I hate the high angle
Yeah, that... That'd be bad, indeed. but if Jack Nichoson will run naked on Lakers game calling a foul for nurse Ratchett, I take it. 
Jordan without hand checking would be completely unfair. I mean, it was unfair *with* hand checking. 
Feel bad for Drose his game was based upon being bigger, faster, and stronger then his opponents. Injuries took away his abilities too soon and he never had a chance to adapt his game and seems as if he lost confidence. He’s up there with Grant Hill and would could have been. 
it is shocking, but man he just can't stay healthy and is just uncertain about playing all the time now. its business 
He absolutely is worse than Grant.
At the time I was angry for nostalgic reasons, but in retrospect it was a solid deal. 
Almost as bad as booing a rookie QB just for getting drafted?
Being accused of something doesn’t make you a bad or questionable person though. 
At least we won't have March Niko to boost our record this time around!
Bobby you did nothing wrong. I hope you do it again, to same guy if he goes for a dunk. 
I'm with you on this one.

Bobby made a play on the ball first and foremost and that should be what matters. Intent is supposed to play a role in decision making and Bobby's intent was not to hurt Satoranksy but was to stop his dunk attempt and that subtle difference should have at least reduced from a Flagrant 2 to a Flagrant 1 if not downgraded to an ordinary foul.

**What this Flagrant 2 says is that you are not allowed to rotate over and block a dunk attempt and that's a terrible message to send to the rest of the NBA**
The official term in the rule book is "excessive" for the distinction between a flagrant 1 and flagrant 2.

We can argue if the contact was "unnecessary" (aren't all fouls the result of unnecessary contact?) but we should all agree that Bobby's play was not "excessive" in a game of basketball.

How crazy is it that Bobby would have been *less* punished if he did not try to block the shot at all and just gave Satoransky a big hug instead?
No, there's no interview process, no cross-examination.  The question is whether what Portis was doing was part of the game.  He was visibly going for the ball, so it did seem to be a legitimate play -- but that wasn't the end of the analysis.  You can make a legitimate play and still commit a flagrant 2.
I mean yes there’s an in between. He could go slightly forward while not swinging violently and still cause him to fall on his ass. I just feel like everyone sees he got ball and ignores how dangerous of a play it was. It didn’t need to happen but Bobby caused an unnecessary and dangerous situation which is pretty much textbook flagrant 2. 
It comes down to the angle in which Bobby launched himself and the violence in which he swung. Period. It’s extremely dangerous and unnecessary when a player is mid air like that. 
I don't see how this is similar to a clear path foul. I think clear path fouls are considered both dangerous and unfair because the fouling player comes from behind and the ball handler is defenseless. 
But the results of a foul should not change the act of the foul itself. Pretend I intentionally foul someone at the end of the game to stop the clock. I go for the hug but he somehow slips on my arm, trips, falls on the floor, and breaks his neck. Should that be a flagrant 2 because of the result? No, it was just an unfortunate accident. I know this is a slightly hyperbolic example, but I was making a point.

Bobby's foul had an unlucky and unfortunate result, but the foul in itself wasn't excessive or bad at all.
Here’s the difference, the offensive player wasn’t in a vulnerable position in your circumstance. In Bobby’s the offensive player was in a vulnerable position and Bobby aggressively swatted at him and directly caused him to flip through the air. No slipping, no tripping. 
And I would say it's neither a flagrant 2 nor malicious, so I guess we could agree that officiating is difficult.
Anyone watching the hawks!?! 

Nvm fuck the hawks 
Sick.  Get it signed before he becomes a superstar.
Sorry, bro, I'll buy them  all again.
They were taking pre-orders on Friday night when I went to the game. Got one for the Finnisher - they said it would be about 4 weeks. 
So jealous. I’m from Australia. I want a Markkanen city jersey so bad. Can’t believe they don’t have enough stock!
Passssss on Wendell Carter. Hard pass. 
Because i watch his games... his motor sometimes goes cold and thats purely based on a lack of effort at times. 

Highlights are literally the worst ways to evaluate a player's weakness.
Ahh I see. I’m not sure about that one
I mean, I want to see Lauri and Zach score 30 and lose the game by 1.  Almost happened yesterday until Zach stole the ball and ruined the tank. 

I was at the game yesterday, and I admit I cheered the play and groaned inside.
The hivemind groupthink at RealGM prays for losses and bans people who criticize that, it's absurd.
You truly use logic and ppl hate the truth*** thanks I know
NONONONOnononONONOnonoNo :(
Stop it.. Draymond, Klay, Parker,Ginobli, and Pierce was in last place before Garnet and Ray got there... you guys opinion of Superstar players are flawed 
If they don't qualify as superstars then none of the Bulls do either, which makes me question wtf you're actually on about
My bad was thinking of the wrong person then
It’s the worst man, I would understand if it was rolo or Jerian grant leading us to wins, but it’s our core players that are leading us to wins. You can’t get mad if they are the ones causing us to win. I feel like a lot of (mostly casual) Bulls fans fail to realize this and instead get overly cynical about the future when they shouldn’t be.
Our fan base has been so cringe lately.  

I know there are people out there that agree with me tanking is stupid but I'm done arguing about it with those that don't.  I just put RemindMe's everywhere now.
Nothing wrong with playing close and winning. Just like there's nothing wrong with pulling close and losing. Sometimes you just have to ride the wave. I'm personally tired of the misery and losing.
Worthless wins, Bulls are not going anywhere this year, Tanking for one season won't break a team
Fuck that losing shits! Let's go defeat the Warriors..
I mean, it's not horse shit...I don't get the hype.
Why didn't you just print it really small?
Raw. The dude is a beast
That’s #lame
It's getting really hard to root for the tank with this kid on the floor.
Fuck my chest hurts just reading that 
Zach Lavine is proving what we wish a high draft pick would

He is THE FUCKING MAN!!!
Z3L Dunk, Lauri balled, Zach balled 
Fuck the tank 
in tanking: my enemy :(
Oh please, we're 3 games back from having the worst record in the league with 29 games to go, going into a tough stretch. Also no reason to believe Felicio, Payne and our other shit players won't get minutes in the final 15ish games.

We already lost to the damn Kings!
What does that even mean? What would be the point of sitting a bad player?
How is he a bad player....
i think he means that there is no point of sitting bad players when the team is trying to tank.
This commentary on the wheelchair game is so condescending I feel insulted on their behalf.
Come on Orlando! Fuck, you guys are horrible.
damn I feel bad for Fornier's hairline 
# **"YOU WANT TANKING? FUCK YOUR TANK"**

\- Bobby Portis

zach can fuck my bitch
ZaCh LaViNe Is A bAd DeFeNdEr
shoot nwaba, no matter how ugly it is
# **WTF ZEL WHATCHA BEEN HIDING**
This is a must lose game
Fuck me man just put in Felicio 
Would feel bummed for the guys if we blew this game but damn, we need this L
Fuck the Pelicans for benching Niko!


They're up 12 now.
denzel dunk wtf
Refs are fucking up the tank
I think there needs to be a Tank'tin'a'fool after this game. 
I shall make a banner for Mario after this game.
WTF PORTIS
blowing an 18 point lead!  This reflects poorly on the coach.
Zach! Fuck yes!
Damn that's a nasty step back, Justin.
this is getting ridiculous, its time for the bulls to start flagrantly tanking. rest 3-4 players a night and give arcidiacono 30+ minutes
Orlando is so bad
scouting game :eyes:
There's no way we're not purposely throwing this game.
Fuck our tnak.
Stacey King talking about ORL blowing that last play like he's disappointed Lavine stole it, scored and messing up the tank
This game is like "Battle City"
Going to be a tough ones boys, but I believe in our tank commander.
Tell those fucking cunts to stop talking for five fucking minutes about fucking curling! Is it a sport is it not a sport and should we care at all?!
That was the chippiest wheelchair basketball game I've ever seen. 
Fuck
Fucking of course Grant scores on an iso 
We can do it! We can come back and lose this game!
Simmons you fucking cunt come on 
Praise GarPax they probably offered some bonuses to Lauri and Zach to miss shots this game
7th pick here we come FUCK
Piss in my mouth.  Fuck you Orlando.  
i feel ill
considering how fucking difficult that is yeah. the arm strength required is pretty insane
As opposed to Cam Payne, taking stupid shots from the bench and checking out girls in the crowd while Hoiberg is drawing up plays. Smh.
"well folks, looks like mommas wrong again" 
awful
This is what’s crazy to me. How long has Orlando been in the lottery for? Front office must be trash.
Dude hes 9-19 tonight, and his shooting has actually gone up over time. He had that one bad slump and that was it. 
It's not you, it's just Grant bouncing basketball. Well I have to say today he has played for the first time decently at least the first quarter, nothing bad really bad to say.
He did add that to his game didn't he?


I got problem with his finishing ability.


I think floaters do improve his scoring, know that teams will force him to dribble, than to take a shot.
If Arcidiacono  does not at least shoot soon hes looking at the G league again. You cannot have a player even during the tank that does not shoot at all. Well unless he is Rodman.
fucking Knicks will probably finish worst than us.  I hate those mother fuckers
Fucking heat seeking missile 
he knows whats up. needs to tell stupid ass jerian to stop tryharding 
Wrong stream
If we keep feeding bigs inside, then unfortunately yes.
Probably. Tank is going down the toilets. Gonna be real disappointed if we end up around 8-9 which is where we're headed 
It's incredibly hard to reach a rim from a sitting position when your legs don't work, let alone move while doing it.  It's a paraolympic event, in 2016 the USA beat Spain in the finals 68-52.
> impossible

never say never

Believe it or not that is actually the consensus over there.

Kinda feel bad for them, I mean they have Shaq and Penny on their banner...
We need and L. Bad. 
FUCK 
I can't gtfo when I'm already out.  You dumb son?
AH, my bad. 
No the 1 legit starter I mean. 
If we are at that point in the draft and we pass on Mikal Bridges I will be mildly annoyed 
Well this would be pretty disappointing. These mock drafts right now are so stupid and pointless anyways though when all the worst 8 teams are within 2 games of each other. A week from now we could be in the top 3 range. 

If we're aiming for a center this draft it's Ayton/Bamba or bust. 
Why not? It's just practice.

I guess he might destroy them so badly they lose confidence ;)
I'd like to see he and Bobby at the 4 and 5 off the bench. Could be brutal inside on D. 
Detroit sucks at everything

You mean to tell me that he wasn’t a behemoth at age 11?
Yeah I watched Derrick 'tear it up' way too much, unfortunately
I hate this and this tweet STOP I’m crying so much thibs is yelling at me to man up, and boozer keeps yelling: GRAB IT JOE
Nope. I never enjoyed watching Boozers overpaid ass play. What a disaster. 
Lauri gonna be slow as Dirk at that point.
he still holds a dear place in my heart for falcon punching a ref's dick in a game tho
Fuck it. I’m throwing it downfield 
All praise the normal game times! Those west coast times kill me when I have to wake up at 3 or 4 for work. My brain doesn't let me sleep when I know a Bulls game is on.
fucking hell did you see their injury report. we have no chance
Oh please! Game starts at 02.00 where I am.
A little louder so the basketball gods hear us.



THERE IS NO WAY WE LOSE THIS GAME 
:(
Wow, Mike McGraw's list is terrible.
I was at that game. UnBULLievable.
Watched the entire game and thought it's gonna be jimmys show then was happily wrong
That'd be insane 
Hmm, seems like he’s been shooting much worse. But my point about not being conditioned stands. 
Maybe im just biased because he was horrible vs Purdue  
can somebody post a video of the incident? i missed the game
*You know what happens to guys who* **wrongly** *state I make a dirty hit?* **HUH?!?!**
What a stupid idiot!
Yeah I hate when guys try to protect the rim.
He went for the ball bro. Watch the damn play. It wasn’t dirty at all. It’s unfortunate that it ended up in the other guy getting hurt but it wasn’t bad at all
Terrible take. You actually think [this](https://imgur.com/a/PrwPZ) was a dirty play?
yeah whats wrong with him! giving effort is a non-starter for me.
I wish all players would do that. The whining gets exhausting to watch. 
Flagrants take into account the outcome of the play. The rule in itself is super vague so its hard to say that is a flagrant that isn't. I don't think it was a dirty play but it was one that directly injured a player. The refs probably called it correctly to discourage plays down the road while the player is already in the air and "defenseless". 
Negative
There should be a daily discussion thread that allows people to talk about anything. The cubs subreddit does it and it works well for baseball talk and random stuff.
Welp. At least Atlanta won tonight 😑
The lowest it could go is 12. There's a 4 game jump between 12 and 11. 
They have Frye and Shumpert coming in.


It would be stupid not to play those guys.
I wish Dwayne Wade got the Tony Allen treatment in Chicago where he literally can't be in the city. Fuck Dwayne Wade
I'm out of the loop, why is Tony Allen hated in Chicago?
I mean I’d rather he didn’t die. 
Could have opened the game to Doug or Zel. I don’t think we lose something in defense replacing wade with either of them.
But getting the Tony Allen treatment would mean that his life would be in danger. No fan of Wade, but I don't want a bounty on the man's head.
Blakeney gets like 25 shots a game tho
He was insanely athletic when he was younger and had ridiculous hops and dunks
I agree he doesn’t have the same mentality but i think he may have shown flashes. It could just be that Dunn is gone and we lack play making without him but there’s been a lot of times when Lavine has had some poor shot selection or missed completely wide open players. Nothing too bad against him he’s doing a lot of stuff well and could just be rust or the lack of Dunn. 
But Pels won and they're back at the 8th spot...


We lost a big one today. 


Just need to keep grinding.


Pels lost could have been devastating tsk...
I like how Bobby hurts people. Intentionally, unintentionally, whichever, he's like Lennie Small.
My man is wearing the ugly bedsheets we threw out in the 80s
The fuck are you talking about 
Bobby Portis scares the shit out of me. He just looks like he’s crazy as hell. I’d probably run if I saw him
So, dirty play by Portis or nah?
I’m getting sick of Denzel’s shit. 
Get the fuck out of his way or catch a fist/knee/concussion 
nah, he went for the ball and got the ball and a bit of his arm. guys momentum caused him to fall. Kicking him out of the game was ridiculous 
No.  Portis was making a valid play on the ball. 

Ragdoll moment occurred. 

Overreaction by Refs because of the severity of the landing.

Player put HIMSELF in a vulnerable decision.

Dude he’s been bad 2 games in a row, he was the hottest he’d been all season leading up to this. Give him at least 5 games before you turn on him.

Everyone in this sub loves Z3L during his streaks when he puts up 15-20 points a night but after he has a bad game people are ready to bite his head off. It’s his 2nd year he’s allowed to be inconsistent.
Unless he seriously drops off he is 100% not going to China
I know. I’m reactionary but he just plays so weak sometimes. 
My bad, I was just curious because I see you comment here a lot
He would be so broken playing overseas... I hope he can get it together. 
Honestly, my bad, drunk.
Never want to see a guy get injured. Also, don't want Bobby to get a bad rap for playing hard and clean. Unfortunate situation all around.
Yeah fuck Michigan State but also come play for us JJJ
Alright it's been 3 minutes and i'm already sick of Grant for today
Jesus christ Grant and Holiday are ridiculous. Absolute chucking exhibition, give someone else the fucking ball
Lauri disappointing look while waiting for a pass from either holiday or grant is every bulls fan
Nets are done, dammit. Fucking refs.
fucking pass to lauri when he is fucking open
Valentine and Grant must hate euros or something...
Every time I watch Grant it seems like he's doing something stupid
Damn this is an ugly game. 
What's with Toyota? They keep advertising the Camry as a sporty, edgy car. In the end it's an Average Joe car.
Holy fuck that made me yell out ow jesus that was gnarly
Anyone watching the Pels game? 
Brooklyn was down 28 half way through the third against the Pelicans and are now down 2. I’m fucking hyped Neil Funk
No lavine :( 
Tie game between Pels and Nets!!! 12 secs to go
The Pels nets game is insane
Laurie needs to find his 3point shot. It’s been pretty bad for the last ... several games it feels like. :(
Lauri is always tired on late game in these back to backs... Rookie pains.
Bro you "Lauri gets ignored" guys are fucking ruining this sub. 
Wish Felicio had layers to his game like an onion 
Hell to the fucking yes
So you're saying there's a small chance you'll do something...
What happened?


Didn't watch the game. Looking at the scoreboard, it seems like they chased the Pelicans lead.
Fucking refs this year are so bad 
Niko flinched in BKN game.
It's hard when you have to wait 5 minutes between shots and you just run up and down the court expecting a pass that won't come. He can't be shooting 7 shots like yesterday
You don't stop feeding a scoring threat if he's wide open regardless of how bad of a night he's having.
Fuck... what happened to this replay call under two minutes?
They're small. Boom. 
I don’t want him but I think it’d be stupid not to scout him
> Young-Lavine backcourt would be terrible defensively

Maybe Gar can flip LaVine to a 27 Y.O Jimmy againt xD


But if Bulls get that low in the draft, I don't think they'll have a choice.
If it wasn't for Zipser, the Bulls wouldn't of won game 2 of last year's playoff series with the Celtics. He was taken 48th overall for Christ's sake. I don't get why this sub tries to hate on every player possible.
In case you're wondering, Zipser played 0 minutes per game when the Bulls went 72-10. 
I'm sorry but this is delusional 
i texted this idea to my friend the other day because of I want Bridges so bad in addition to adding Bamba, JJJ or Ayton. Bridges is going to be sick. 
Fuck Boston 
It was the music from that annoying ass blue cross blue shield commercial they show 20x a game. Makes me mute the commercials now
Haha a combo of that commercial playing 5x a game and jerian grant dribbling for 20 seconds a possession is terrible. I still endure it though
I’m with him. Still a sick background 🔥
Obligatory Fuck Oubre. 
Secretly he's Gar's nephew
Whoops, my dumb ass got confused.
It's just not you. I just am little afraid of Dunn moving to just passing to Lavine when he gets back as Grant is doing for Holiday.

This might lead to Lauri to get his shots being forced to play how he doesn't like to play, solo jacking up shots aka Grant style.
Grant holds the ball too long every time it's infuriating.
Does anyone have any video of this? I missed the start of the game so I didn't get to see it unfortunately.
Was there too...great fucking game, even dropped 170$ after the game to get a lavine city edition just to remember that game
Mad seats .::: 
Niko doesn't look bad with Pels.


Boogie season ending injury just take away a lot from the Pels.



Especially in the rebounding department.
#FUCK YES BOYS LET'S GO
I’m dumb. So how is it now a lottery pick?
It’s lottery protected isn’t it? Therefore this is bad for the Bulls
I'm not sure about the numbers, but I had heard that they needed asiks contract off the books in order to resign cousins. 
Especially bc they had that false start w this trade that gave the Pels time to realize they were losing the deal...and still went through with it
When you realize you wore the wrong clothes to work
Anyone have a picture of the LaVine shot at [4:20](https://youtu.be/euqnfsliXU4?t=4m20s)?  That would make such a sick wallpaper
##### Bull of the Game
PLAYER|MIN|FGM-A|3PM-A|FTM-A|REB|AST|STL|BLK|TO|+/-|PTS
:--|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
Zach "Daddy" Lavine|33|12-26|1-6|10-11|5|1|2|0|1|+7|35
I have lost my voice and i think I’m actually crying HOLY FUCK WHAT A GAME 
wolves fan here. that one hurt. but lavine is a fucking stud. so is lauri markkanen. ya'll are the new spooky 
After the dunk and three, Zach shouted “this is my shit!” to the crowd. What a fuckin badass
https://mobile.twitter.com/vgoodwill/status/962188380875513856
I was about to go to this game but my friend convinced me not to. I’m salty asf
Statement game for Zach
Holy fucking shit what a game!!!

I think I’m ready to switch out the Butler avatar for father Lavine 
Didn't catch the game - what was the reception like for Jimmy and Taj? Any videos?
Circle this game, motherfucker
Zach is a bad bad man 
Lost to my east team can't even be mad.
Just woke up. We fucking WON?!
Dammit I didn’t watch because I figured we’d get crushed. Fuck. 
Inb4 circle jerk fuck the tank  comments
Of course this is the day I have to work a saturday and miss the game fuck
Still mad Lauri only took 7 shots. He made 5 of them as well. I hate Jerian Grant and we need KD back.
sometimes someone has to step up when everyone else goes cold
Tanking is still the main goal this season.


But everyone on that team wanted that game so bad.


I don't think Fred will play him 33 mins if it's just a "normal game."
Lauri wasn’t cold, they just didn’t find him shots
yah.   But I hate to see the tank snapped.
I was at that game, it was unbelievable. Wish I could have gone to this one!
man, i mean i see his reasoning but jimmy, taj and thibs back in the UC. shit. feel bad for ya my man.
You’re a terrible talent analyst if you think that’s true. 
Jimmy at least pass the ball, Lavine got ball nobody got the ball anymore...
I like IU, so I've watched Arizona this year from time to time to get the sense of Miller's coaching. Dude. DeAndre? Ayton is a fucking monster. I sooooooo want him to be on the Bulls next year to be with Lauri. 
Hard pass.
Sick seats.
That smile :(
:'(
Anybody know of somewhere I can go back and watch old games? This tribute is making me nostalgic :(
If those 5 guys coulda played at their primes together, they would have definitely won a ring. Too bad that injuries and rapid downfalls didn't allow for us to see that spectacle.
Just cutting some onions while watching the game.
Mikal is projected at around 8th.


I mean Miles Bridges. He's a 3D like player.


I'm all in to that!


Just keep it close at home and don't fucking have a blow out ^_^
You mean Doug who is now on his 4th team? 
when are they showing the tribute? before the game or at half time?
"But I'm not in the game, we're on the bench, also it's a timeout"

"ICE GODDAMNIT"

Is Lauri not playing? :(
Look for the drunk guy in section 112 that’s me 

Edit: [made it](https://i.imgur.com/wrWiELV.jpg)
I'd rather have Lauri play point guard at this rate. Grant's tunnel vision is insane. This guy can't pass to an open guy if his life depended on it. 
Lauri 2/3 shots...bulls still fucking bad giving him shots.
This Butler guy is killing us. The fuck he come from?
I fucking hate jerain Grant and Justin holiday with a passion  
HOLY SHIT HIS HANG TIME IS INSANE
I mean it was a foul but I don't like that choice of shot
dude denzels floater is automatic now. its crazy. the improvement he has made in one year is crazy. lowkey a legit part of our rebuild
Garpax really hate thibs. Looks like they're cancelling the tanking just for today
Can't believe how badly Towns bricked that
I want another LaVine poster...is it wrong that I want him to kill Jimmy though?
So many terrible takes ITT. Y'all should start a podcast that no one will listen to. 
KING KONG AIN'T GOT SHIT ON DENZEL!!
This is getting stupid Lavine don't pass don't move the ball. If I was Hoiberg would put him to sit on the bench and tell him think what you are doing wrong.
Man, I fucking hate thinking Zach took that billboard personally. Had nothing to do with him.
Man what even is this game
Anyone notice how bad Randy Brown wants this one?
OH SHIT LAVINE HAS ARRIVED!!
this is not good for the tank, cmon jimmy!
FUCK!!!!!!!!!!
Fucking Kobe in this bitch 
I like to think we're so into tanking that we won't give Lauri the ball, but still this is ridiculous
You guys remember when you were little and you did something bad. Your mom said something like wait until I tell your father about this. Then when he comes home from work you hide in your room in the hopes he won’t come up there. Then you hear the footsteps and know your time has come. He takes his belt and starts whoopin on ya. That’s what this game is. 
Jimmy :'((
Zach pass the fucking ball
How is the Timberwolves defense so bad
the drums + music just sound like excess noise ... terrible 
Jerian Grant SUCKS
Holy fuck what a contested jumper by Zach.
I remember that sort of hard hat lunch pail play Taj
Ron fucking Harper 
Holy fuck Grant actively looking to pass it to Not Lauri 
What could Thibs have been saying to KAT that a ref could take bad enough to get a tech?
Man I fucking hate the NBA refs. Even more than I hate Grant.
THIS IS LAVINES GAME.
The TimberBulls look so tired
omg Towns really is bad at defense
I'm calling it... Jimmy with a game winner... Come on, come on!!!
Fuck yeah LaVine.
YO WHO CUTTING MAD ONIONS IN HERE
Wtf Lavine. Lucky he got a foul, what awful shot selection with that one. 
no headband :(
Jeff Teague sucks what are you talking about
:(
Game is almost not worth watching with ESPN announcers
Justin showing how bad his defense, no pressure on Butler when he didn't have the ball...
Lauri seriously handles the ball so well for a dude his size
Selfish shot by Zach /s
FUCK
I'm gonna cry :(
SORRY JIMMY STANS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAAHAHA
FUCK THE TANK GET THE W
Damn. I actually feel bad for Jimmy. 
Two losers behind the Wolves bench with the fire Garpax shirts. So last year guys. 
Holiday you dumb motherfucker. 
Is this game exclusively on ESPN? 'cause I can't find any home feeds.
These Minnesota jerseys are ugly. 
Late to show but these tribute vids give me goosebumps 
Lopez should start putting up six threes a game. 
RoLo and Grant are angry for no being traded xD
Zipser sucks ASS at rebounds 
Paul zipser is unplayable
Think I'ma go make a lemon pepper chicken salad. Anyone else want one?
Fucking moving screen
This is a typical Thibs team playing 3 out of 4 quarters in a game.
KAT being out played by RoLo terribly...



Holiday just said fuck the tank
Fuck was that Zel
I agree with Burke -- Valentine has to figure his game out. 
i'm not even mad
espn camerawork is awful
Fucking blind man bouncing basketball...damn I hate watching grant hogging the ball...Zipser was free for a 3 pointer...
JUSTIN HOLIDAY CAN NEVER GRAB A REBOUND AND KEEP IT INBOUNDS WTF
Fucking haters man smh
Minnesota’s clock management is so stupid 
Fuck the tank!!
What a game
What a game!
Lavine cant cover his shadow on defense. Never passes, the tank recommenced when zack was forced into the lineup. 
I fucking hate zack levine with a passion, he sucks balls. Thank god kris dunn and Laurie  are both going to be blue chippers. 
Fuck off Lavine
That tribute vid was like 10 seconds and made butler look like an asshole hahahaha (he is a little bit)
edit: I messed up :(
Fuck off lady. You have no clue.
Weak ass foul. 
doris burke is annoying
damn these kids are so bad its embarrassing 
This broad announcer is annoying AF. If I wanted to hear my mom during a game I'd be watching it at her house, but I dont
Valentine is absolutely atrocious.
I'll be the drunk guy in the 300's
Blind man bouncing basketball. BMBB...I would rather watch Arcidiaccono playing with Lauri then Grant...
It’s ridiculous 
One post was that Grant telegraphed him looking at post and think it was jimmy moving little to just prevent and Grant then ignores again instantly...Grant just sucks.
Some hidden mentality, Grant is just bad and weak minded. For Lavine he is in my opinion just so focused on making a big name of himself in Bulls. 
Agreed, bit of a statement game
Once, when he was doubled hard
Drunk Cubs fans
People are dumb. I was at that game and cheered for both of them
She makes me hard when she says stuff like that.
doris is just dumb
Hasty and not wise, but it may have gone. We’ll never know. 
Yeah, that's on the coaching staff though. They have to correct those bad habits while he's still young. 
Not as bad as that deeeeeep 3 by Valentine earlier.
When you take every shot and never pass you're bound to get a few in. 12 out of 26 is sad. 
Missing Lauri couple of times and of course Grant still sucks ass.
What happened? Sorry can't watch the game right now. I'm at work.
That was such a stupid possession.
I heard that as well. The billboard was about them being incompetent and retarded for lack of a better term. Wasnt the inception for it before the trade even? 
BOX OUT OR ILL MURDER YOUR FAMILY 
fuck that keep lavine on him
a three with 18 seconds left is questionable. Not that he cant make it tho
They'll do something stupid in the near future. I don't trust them.
Unfortunately that's not the rule
not for this game, maybe for wizards 
Stacy and Neil aren't calling this game because God is Dead.
Too bad that wasn’t the case when he was a Bull
Man, you need to understand that LaVine is up for a contract extension.



I remember Jimmy doing selfish plays when Bulls decline him of that $11M he's asking...
bitch said butler isn't athletic and got no hops. wtf
He looks a little frustrated now too. 
That's the thing with Lavine. He clearly has a lot of potential in terms of athleticism and scoring power but I'm not sure about his mentality and game intelligence. Seems a bit too selfish and blind to what's going around him. Hopefully it's just a phase. 
The drums also sounded like some of the noise was missing, usually happens when you've got poor microphones that can't pick up the acoustics properly
I was so hyped when he pulled up cause he’s hit that before. I was already imagining the scenes in the UC. Really disappointed it didn’t go in.
He’s 22, coming off an ACL and just a hit a clutch fucking three. You need to re-evaluate your life. 
Dude was out over a fucking year and is like 22...
Yeah box score looks exactly like a game I did not want to see... FUCK!
It’s really annoying how open Lauri always is. 9 time’s out of 10 Lauri is open after he rolls out of a pick
Just delete this now before you look worse fam 
Yeah, i was shocked about it. Boo for this. :(
You suck worse. 
sorry for hurting ur feelings man
no way dude, please no more Doris
I mean, that was planned way before any trades were made. I assumed another billboard was put up. 
I understand how that might have sounded condescending but I was legitimately asserting how unfortunate it was. Sorry for the ambiguity. 
That's unsettling
Well I'm so sorry. She just sounded like a chubby ugly girl but ended up being a milf. It was an observation.
What ever man. Maybe that #timesup thing got to you a little bit too hard? 
Yes that year! Noah was doing insane things 
Yeah fuck D wade.  Dirty as fuck player and lazy to boot.  Signing him was so fucking retarded.
I mean, Jimmy literally hangs out with and even played with some members of that team..
Brian Scalabrine the fucking GOAT
Whats wrong with that? Just because you're rivals on the court doesn't mean you can't be friends off the court
What I mean is it makes sense that someone like Noah who hated those people would tend to dislike someone like Jimmy who idolized them.
That’s baller as fuck 
Sucks we couldn't get a trade going
Sad Dunn isn't playing.  He seemed to have the bigger chip on his shoulder about the wolves than Lavine so this could've been a "revenge" game situation.
I'm hoping Jimmy Butler has a monster game and the T Wolves help this tank, I miss Butler sometimes
What are the chances this game gets canceled and rescheduled?
I hope Jimmy drops at least 40 on us. That being said if I'm Hoiberg I'm double teaming Butler from the start of the game to then end.
Jimmy can go fuck himself tonight when Lavine put 40 on his ass. This is my hot take to all Jimmy Butler fucking fans. Bulls still lose cause something something tank. 
Moved time to accommodate clippers and pistons game. Starting at 7pm est. Bulls game starts 9:30 est now.
Fuck this. I hope Jimmy drops 40 on LITERALLY ANY TEAM except for the Bulls.

I understand the tank and all but this is beyond the tank. I want LaVine to posterize our father
Nah not this game, this game is the exception
My son wanted to see the Wolves today but now he's too sick to go. I'm sorta hoping it does.
He didn't have an ego he expected the players to show up early and stay in late after practice; Something they didn't wanna do, which made him and Wade mad.
That preseason game before the 2014-15 season.  Sorry, don’t remember who it was against.  He kinda went off and came out of nowhere.  He hit a buzzer beater and Stacy said something about how he looked like Jimmy Jordan out there.  That was the first time I felt like he could be an all star
Nets game winner, 40 in a half, 53 pt game.
I'm going to the game tonight just to see dad and taj. 

My fav moment was the last second oop against the pacers maybe two seasons ago? So fucking dope...
The streakbuster game when he dunked on Bosh’s soul
50 pt game against Charlotte
And every other time he beat the Raptors cuz fuck em
I will never forgive myself for turning the game off after the first half. I swear to fucking god.
Mine was the 40 point game vs the Nets with the game winner that step back was nasty!!! 
Fuck man this thread is making me miss jimbo. 
It was against the Hawks I remember that game
That’s when I knew he was about to have a crazy season
Oh fuck yeah I was so hyped after that
lmfao the idiots high fiving because they touched him on the way back in.
Man it’s crazy that feels just like a week ago
Ikr it’s honestly insane the improvement he had. I wanna know what he did to be in the mindset that he’s in now.
Fucking hell, son. Looks like an ageing Paul Pogba to me. Well done though.
We aren't tanking next year so we won't be in position to draft Barrett.  Sorry. 
and where you need start dumping your assets to get out from it :(
ask yourself, what has he been wrong about?
It's not a defense, it's just that I was visibly offended by your stupidity that I felt I had to learn you in the ways of the business world.

Keep gargling Jimmy's nuts
Especially idiots who daydream of Jimmy Buckets bukkake-ing them
Lauri gonna make that sad face when he dunks on KAT and sends him to the locker room with a sprained pussy
what's wrong with headbands? benny wears one
I mean, it's just to imply a conversational tone in the text.
Disappointed that they didn't move RoLo.   
GarPax has no one to blame but themselves if we end up with the 10th worst record. They could've traded RoLo and Holiday for 2nd rounders if they really wanted to have the worst record in the league. 
If they decide to keep him i hope he just plays away games or some shit like that...I'm afraid niel funk
Somebody give a small synopsis of Tony Allen and why he isn't a option to be on bench?
People saying that the Orlando front office is terrible, but they’re secretly 5D tank Chess masters
I am fucking flabbergasted by the price of Elfrid Payton. They must have zero intentions of picking up any RFA option this summer if that's the case.
He literally can't play in Chicago because of the death threats he gets from the city, there's a reason he's always a late scratch from games in Chicago.  No doubt he gets waived.
That’s crazy that no one would do a deal like the grant one, just give the option to swap second rounders in like 4 years
Also he was from that Ragtown/Cooper Park area. Needless to say if he got beef with ANYBODY over there its literally a life and death situation. They don't fuck around. 
It’s absolutely ridiculous, you’d think dudes from your home city would want to see you prosper.
A video, silly goose
And his face makes me sad
I don’t think that’s the case at all. I think people want to pretend that to scapegoat Gar for all the stuff they didn’t like so they can justify the fact that they were wrong in their Garpax hate. 
I don't hate Gar nor see him as a scapegoat, just something I've noticed from media appearances and some whispers from the summer. Its been discussed on this sub as well.
I think Gar hate is pretty deserved,  a lot of people around the league seem to despise him.
Stop asking me questions if you're gonna act salty when I explain what I mean AND provide sources to support what I'm arguing...
I’ve already seen both of the articles you cited. Neither of them state anything about roles being redefined. Pax has always had the final say on everything basketball related and you’re scapegoating Gar on all the bad stuff because you’re justifying coming around to the front office. The rest is you 100% speculating and as you said, “reading between the lines.” 

They decided to have Pax handle the media stuff because the PR of the Bulls front office had taken a nosedive. People like yourself bought this move 100% how they hoped you would and assumed some big change had been made. Pax was always the one in charge and making the decisions. Period. 

I mean, scouting is an out of town vacation job? Seriously? Both of these guys have spent a ton of time scouting over the years. I’m not going to waste anymore time with this shit. 
Ah fuck, sorry meant PJ Tucker, I always confuse those two.
Man KD has been through a lot physically since arriving between this and the nasty finger injury... I have a lot of respect for that 
$$$$$

Nobody in the NBA is worried that their entire sport will crumble if people find out that concussions are actually bad for you
Forgive my ignorance, but isn't he a war criminal?  Will the blazers revoke the trade if he's brought up on charges?
Look up “Noah Vonleh Hype Ark” and take care of my son :(
why not?

what part of this do you think is a bad deal for the Bulls?
To be determined there's a gold nugget floating around in all these "failed" players and we gave up nothing
I mean no, but the guy we gave the rights for will never play a game in the NBA ever. It's about as close to nothing as you can get in a trade.
I mean in NBA terms it is literally nothing. He was never going to come overseas and play for the NBA.
Oh...my bad 
Yea I have not heard of him either
They spelled his name wrong. It’s Milovan not Milocan 
I absolutely hate the fight against literally. It's dumb and rooted only in pretentiousness under the guise of being a grammar expert. 
Should the meaning of a word change because people are so stupid they use it exactly opposite from its meaning?
Literally. 

Opposite meanings can coexist within a signifier that can be discerned through context ex) the word bad in its traditional sense and then the word bad in the Michael Jackson sense or how it’s utilized in the phrase “badass” 
Fuck it trade for Noah to  
Fuck yes.
The only think I don’t get about this is the d-rose Jimmy Butler relationship, they literally hated each other here.
>He's like a 2011-12 hardcore Bulls fan who just cant let go.

So... all of us? 

*Bench Mob, baby! Is that Kurt Thomas out there? Oh shit, he's bringing in the White Mamba, this game is OVAH!*
> literally hated 

Either you're lying, you're mistaken, or you have a different definition of both words from conventional English.
Huh?  Not at all.  The guy doesn't care.  Not a sliver of my existence would ever believe he does.  He even said it.  He doesn't want his knees to be sore when he's sitting in meetings at 50 years old.

Fuck him.  Fuck him. Fuuuucckkk him. 
He can be. But he's digressed even dating to his last year in Columbus. What's wrong with him?
Lmfao.  I hope your team gets his sorry ass. 
I’m a Bulls fan. My team had his sorry ass for a while and I always rooted for the guy. He’s had bad luck and keeps trying to come back. No reason to hate him. 
Dude is just not right.  Hard pass.
Hard pass. 
Fuck You
Uhhhh yeah? Tanking and comically bad play are not mutually exclusive. Quite the opposite actually
He's been one of the league's worst players. Probably could command a tank.
# **FUCK. THE. CAVS.**
DWade traded to Miami. Damn. Cleveland reinvented themselves over night. That's crazy the moves they've made. Who knows if it'll work though. 
Jazz selling is bad for Pels pick
FUCK THE CAVS
Fuck no to helping Cleveland out in any way.

From league mvp to having your name misspelled in a tweet announcing that you've been traded.  At least hes out of Cleveland.  I just hope he gets to play.  
They just revamped their entire roster, fucking crazy 
You're probably right. Both have terrible contracts, tough choice
Sacrament just got a little bit worse too. It's a race to the bottom.
Yes Grant and Cameron Payne wouldn't want to keep them out the game
Wouldn’t even be mad, I want him to get a ring so bad
There's a number of teams that are in the playoffs that could use him if only as a backup or to replace an injured player. The Warriors seem unlikely though. 
Nothing player? Look at the trash dysfunctional teams he's had to play on the knicks and Cavs
? you expect him to give a fuck when the teams he's on don't?
he cant be worse than grant
Since when is 47% equal to 50%?  Since when are 4.4 assists 6 assists?  He also shot 21% from 3, and played some of the worst defense in the league.  Since when is 18 points 19 points?  And he put up *better* counting stats on the Knicks than he did on the Bulls, and every Knicks fan thought he was still trash.

Literally everything you just said was wrong.
Defensively, he's one of the worst PGs in the league. So I'd say having him around would help the tank by all accounts.
Well Cleveland fucked up that trade with the Celtics
Dammit Cleveland, if you’re going to fuck up a trade, do it with us 
Cavs are gonna give him a tribute video on the night they retire K-Love's jersey... K-Love will be sick that night.
Danny Ainge is a fucking God
Wtf are the lakers going to do with him?  Bench??? Giving up on Ball already?
Do we really need a mid-20s pick so badly that we're willing to take on that miserable Deng contract?
Lmaooo this fucking guy 
I just bought his fucking jersey. 
Even funnier considering the NBPA thought the 6 game suspension was "too harsh".
All this second round pick swapping is weird to me because I doubt we'll even keep those picks. Unless we can't trade them now. 
So if I have this right... Willie Reed is a worthless wife-beater and we are assuming we'll be worse than DET in 2022 when we swap 2nds... we somehow lost this trade?
Maybe there's some weird money/salary cap fuckery to it? Is trading for Reed and cutting him going to somehow be cheaper or more cap-friendly than just cutting Nelson?
if we were worse, why would we swap picks?
Got Willie Reed, basically evil Felicio
...a wife beater being coached by Fred.

This won't end well

Edit: But at least we have Bobby to keep things in check
What a weird fucking trade 

Edit: WAIT, does this mean we're trading RoLo!???
It's a shame, he was traded one game shy of beating cam payne's career high stats as a bull.
You fucking miscarriage.

I'm talking about Shams. The dude "making waves in the sports journalism sector". 
It's still annoying that a team like us in a rebuild hands out 2nd rnd picks like candy on Halloween 
Thanks. Trading a guy we won't play for a guy we won't play, saving a few million in salary while accumulating a trade exception and a pick swap isn't bad business!
Not going to happen. Not with what's left of this roster. Sorry...
I'd be shocked if he took the vet min to stay with us
holy shit Kay Felder is so bad
Not seen here:

- He had a few bad chucked up shots.
- Two of the worst passes I've ever seen.
- Occasional terrible decision making

Source: Watched the game.
We're paying Felicio 8 million a year to play in the G league WTF!
Jump shots, weak drives, one (1) assist from the pick and roll. 

The commander has arrived
Yeah. This is not impressive. 
Yeah. This is not impressive. 
Cam is arguably the worst player I've ever seen. Doug was bad but not Payne bad.
...and Aaron Brooks :(
Game already happened bubs
Seeing as Wade is from Chicago, this is a really bad take
Im rooting hard for this guy.
If we take Trae Young I will be so fucking depressed  he is going to bust so hard
I don't think we'll have to trade up with how we're playing. We're like 2 games out of the league's worst record
... LaVine might not be an all-star, but the thought that he would come off the bench for this team is laughable. Who's going to start ahead of him, Denzel??
Seriously, anyone who would take bridges over Doncic Idk what the hell they’re thinking
He *is* bad defensively. And he would take the ball out of the hands of Dunn, who is useless to this team as an off-ball player. That is how he doesn't fit.

Judging players based solely on their strengths while ignoring their weaknesses is lazy.
You're really fucking annoying, you know that?
Your basketball thoughts are really bad, you know that? 

You are completely uninformed and spew pure nonsense on here and then get mad when someone says you are wrong. 
You tried to hijack a list of guys that I am interested in. You can agree or disagree and move on, but if you want to beat a dead horse and tell me I'm a moron that's on you.
Lou Williams just got extended for 3 years/24 mil. He will make the same amount of money as Felicio the next 3 years. Wtf!
Nothing will happen, unfortunately. 
Seriously losing ny mind over this i just want it to be over 
Not really, I think people are over valuing Lopez. Cleveland thinks  they can trade their pick for Deandre Jordan rather the Nets pick (which is them being delusional, but still that's what they think) so they're not gonna settle for Lopez.

If they took on a bad contract in addition to giving away Lopez/Holiday, same as they did with Mirotic, then maybe, but not just for them.
Then why the hell do I feel like this team is ran like the god damn Hornets. At least we're not the Knicks.... 
Sorry the Pacers @ Pelicans game tonight was Postponed
As bad as that was, if he is going to get injured, I'd much rather him fall on his face like that than come down awkwardly and have his knee buckle.
Im seeing a game feb 26th i need him there dammit
Bad ass
fucked up grill > fucked up knee
I'm going to Jimmy's return game Friday. Wish I could watch Dunn play 
It's the brooklyn game (in brooklyn)
Ya I’ll be at that game, was somewhat looking forward to that.
Wish players took the all-star game seriously now
As a Polak and considering there's a ton of Poles here in Chicago, I wouldn't necessarily hate it...
I literally just hate gortat
Fucking bummer. Get well soon Unicorn 🦄 
This is bad. The knicks actually might out-tank us
Fuck. Get well soon, and fuck my life if knicks now take a deep dive and draft Ayton before Bulls. i'd be outraged. 
You could tell it was bad by his reaction. I've never seen a NBA player damn near cry seconds after tearing their ACL. This season is cursed i tell you. Cursed!
You can kinda tell when a player’s knee buckles like that. Unfortunately, us bulls fan know all too well how that looks. 
Nah. They're already too far behind. We've been the worst team in the league when we don't have Mirotic so I find it hard to believe we won't finish at least bottom 3 
What's wrong with you boy ? Can't play defense no more ?!
Shit if we only could go back a few days and take that... actually no that Noah contract is still too fucking awful.
Have I missed something? The Knicks have never considered trading their pick that would be just stupid for a rebuilding team.
Giannis played dirty defense.  He knew he was gonna get posterized, wouldn't let his EGO go, and he had to play dangerous Defense.  
I already know that.


Just as I said, they aren't stupid to not put protection in their pick.
Now it would be stupid, but, before, they had their superstar demanding they make a push for the playoffs. They are a stupid franchise anyhow, so it would not be weird for them to offer it unprotected before the injury. 
Hahaha... They might have hated tankers.
the Boston Tea Party was terrorism. you hate America man?
Bucks fans are annoying. 
You should put something in the post title to indicate that this is a theory, not news of an actual trade.

Your proposed trade isn't bad though.
Yeah too bad we fucking lost
Have you seen the “Die Hard Chicago Bulls Fans” Facebook page? It’s bad. Full of people with opinions that don’t stay up to date on the NBA at all..They think the Bulls got fleeced in the Niko deal
It's literally the worst page ever.
bad bot 
Hey ill be there too!
They should give him at least 20-25, probably have him start and finish the game.
the hate train was real at the time 
Potentially, we would probably have to take on Iman shumpert or some other bad money too 
I'll take one AD season ending injury (sorry) please!
I get your point but KAT is a horrible comparison. KAT was shockingly an elite defender in college. 
So what are the chances that Lauri will score less than 100 points per game?
#I AM OUTRAGED
Just a guess as to when: "following practice"

I could be wrong though.
Have his spins per game decreased as well?
9 attempts per game in the last six, 10.9 per game the rest of the season.  So yes, fewer attempts, but also fewer makes per attempt.

I'm not sure of the distance in the last six games.
He’s not a fit for this free-flowing, unselfish offense. Would rather die than pass the ball. That works in the d-League. Not here. We’ve already got. Holiday as our ballhog chucker but he at least passes sometimes.
Keep talkin dirty ...:  cause they are filthy numbers ...
Fuck Dallas.


They throw away the game by playing GLeaguers.
Yup. That is why it doesn't bother me.


They are up against fellow tank teams. Bulls have one game against them this month.
> Robin Lopez is not a hot head

He kinda is though. And by "kinda" I mean he gets pissed every single game, guaranteed.
both teams played hard, but we just wanted it less
So the type of shit will be from a Bull. Viva la tank. I’m kinda drunk. 
fuck, I thought we had that one
No half off Papa John's tomorrow :(
Seriously, the Kings thought they could out tank us to start the game. Little did they know they haven't seen what we could do for the last three quarters!
Too bad Dallas didn't make it though.
The Lottery is a game of percentages bro
Hate hate hate hate. You’re clueless bro and everyone can see it! 
I think you mean "Lavine intervention"
Damn I fucked up 
I didn't though :(
Bad bot
I totally see where your coming from, but I feel like Ayton has a ton of untapped defensive potential that Hoiberg can bring out of him. Adding that to the already ridiculous offense that he brings is kinda scary.
So Pelicans are 1 game ahead of Clips and 3 games ahead of Jazz now?


I think Jazz can overtake them.



Brb gonna have a shower, that was fucking filthy
Whats wrong with that? 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facial 

Nothing wrong with that...
Wow, that's straight nasty.
They're my least favourite announcers in the league. Can't stand them
They're an acquired taste. The cavs are the worst. Dude is so repetitive an every thing he days is a buildup that ends in throwin the hammer down or deep in the q. 
Announcer.  Ralph Lawler who needs to retire already.  Terrible to listen to
I don't think Cam Payne could be worst than [this](https://www.cbssports.com/fantasy/basketball/news/knicks-doug-mcdermott-scores-four-points-in-tuesdays-loss/)
Thats sick! Whered u get that at?
How is Sacramento STILL this bad?
Wolves fan here.  That's the Lavine I turned bulls game on for.  Miss him 
Stacey is nasty as fuck to Neil!
this is ryan arcidiacano's game and everyone here knows it
Lavine has decided to carry this game by himself.
Shrek the very poor man’s Randolph 
OHHHH ZACH YOU A BAD MAN
This game shows what it'd mean for tank to trade RoLo. It's so crystal clear.
Fox is out the rest of the game even after the xray on his ankle being negative. This has officially become a battle for the tank. Bobby, hit someone!
Tank going hard
Thank fucking god for the kings run we almost won
holy shit the kings are so fucking bad
This Kings team is fucking horrible. 
I get the impression that bobby Portis is insane 
Ill be so sad if we trade rolo
Anyone watching the Kings stream annoyed as fuck by these guys? Or just me?
asik and destroy!!!!
Felicio runs in slow motion
Worst time for Portis to come alive
Bulls subtly throwing shade with that Bulls/Sac scoreboard
Living in California, I always get Kings games announcers on their games. They're always so defeated calling the game. I feel for them and the Kings. 
Bad boy bulls
Fuck... Lose this game please.
Willie Cayley-Stein is bad 
This might be hard to lose. 
Must lose game
Kings are fucking our tank. Stop that.
This May be one of the worst games I’ve ever seen 
Wow still hurts to see Bulls play so badly
These teams are bad
Both of these teams are bad, yet somehow we're up 13 points.

Freaking Holiday decides to get hot in the one game we don't want him to.
U.G.L.Y. YOU AINT GOT NO ALIBI  
YOU UGLY 
paul zipser is so incredibly bad.  Why is this german pillsbury dough boy making me so angry
So I just got home from class and turned on the game in time to see Rolo getting ejected. What happened that he was so pissed off at the ref?
TANK GAME FOR THE AGES!!!
Is Felicio the worst player in the NBA right now?
Lopez saw his crypto account, and that made him go overboard.  
Fuck this Kings team.


Beat them by 50 and hand them over the worst record.


I bet they'll end up drafting 4th even owning the worst record.


Second worst is fine by me. 20% is still a reasonable chance.
Lopez was mad AF, gotta be tough in those Bulls' purgatory streets and know you're being shopped too. 

man I hate felicio
Alright time to play grant and holiday for the rest of the game.
Everyone should just get themselves ejected from this game.
There tanking no body is this bad 
Too bad rest of the Bulls suck on finishing from those passes...Holiday missing the easiest 2 pointer ever...
*Patiently waits for this sub to hate on him*
He's playing him for the tank, ya big idiot!
They're not 9 points in a quarter bad, but yeah they suck.
Fred: "Holy shit, these guys are worse than i thought, this is bad... Hey Cris, get ready, You're going in!"
> Both of these teams are bad, yet somehow we're up 13 points.

Trade Justin.



Well tbf he’s had some bad games, but I’ve saved any public criticism of him until the end of the season because he’s coming off an ACL injury 
If he keeps on driving and getting to the line I won't hate on him anymore
Not even worst on our roster 
Given his contract he's gotta be top 10 worst assets
Keep walking. Game's over.
We poor
It's those weird winglets, they mess up the design for every jersey.
Jo getting ejected. His “fuck you, fuck you, fuck you” moment to the refs. Kirk goes over to stop him and then he’s like nah fuck it, let him go. 
Video linked by /u/gordonbombay42:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[Half Baked: Scarface quits his job](https://youtu.be/qIqeXSYc8nE)|GETit DONE|2011-08-16|0:00:17|3,396+ (97%)|937,428

> I wanna talk to sampson!

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/gordonbombay42 ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dtt40q1\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
Ah. See now that I can see. God I hate them. 
The game time was changed so ESPN's doubleheader can include Detroit playing host to the Los Angeles Clippers. The Pistons-Clippers game will be at 6 p.m.
Im going to that game too? But i didnt check for an email yet
I don't know how he is still on the Bulls, he is terrible 
He is looking at the rim in a very confused manner.  
it makes me sad seeing him in Taj's no. :(
Does this mean his friendship with Benny will end?
Felicio, you crush your girlfriend during sex and your post game sucks. Boom Roasted. 
Yeah, but Zeller is not good at all. He is a passable backup big, which they needed, but is merely so they could drop dead weight in Rashad Vaughn
Fuck no. This is just bad. We could move RoLo Holiday and Grant and get something without having to take a shitty Noah contract. 
Knicks hang up phone. Terrible deal
I am also confused about the unwillingness to trade for Jo but the willingness to trade for a combination of TT and JR. 
Relax. My bad not making the sarcasm obvious, in a 2 round draft I don't understand how we always give away our 2nd picks. My comment was reflecting the front offices mindset to just toss 2nd rd picks around or sell them worst case. I'm with you
All I said was I don't like that mindset, what do you mean relax lmaooo? 
And Bulls fans get Noah screaming every game, win/win
You think they'd give us Jerami or Huestis? We need some athleticism at the forward positions pretty badly.
Probably the Thunder unfortunately. They might do it for those two and a pick or player though. Might as well just trade everyone for this year's draft. It's as loaded as some morbidly obese man's baked potatoe. 
They don't even have an online shop, just a website that is slow and useless.
Fake Jersey's are so bad this year. I'm also not even sure if you could get a fake city edition
Sup Bulls fans? Congrats to Lauri on being a dad, but I'm sad he's going to be out tonight. 

Hit me up if you have questions about the Kings. Or don't. 
# **FUCK THE PATRIOTS**
Grant has nothing to do with Valentine, unless you want to make the argument that he should get minutes at PG. Otherwise, he really only affects Dunn's minutes. Similarly, I doubt Dunn would cut into Valentine's minutes. 

Valentine's minutes are impacted by Lavine, Holiday, and Nwaba. There is a lot of talk about Holiday being traded, so that may actually benefit Valentine. But even if he doesn't get traded, 4 guys for 4 spots isn't bad. I'd expect Valentine to stay around 25 minutes per game. Plenty of time for all four.
Kinda crazy that RoLo has like 30 pounds on Asik.
Isn't that a Banksy drawing? 

E: [yep](https://www.etsy.com/market/banksy_panda)
Jameer Nelson and Tony Allen for the Nets pick. Cavs can bench IT and get the defensive wing they so badly need to contain KD. Win-win. 

Edit: was just a joke 
Man the Lebron hate on this sub is crazy.
He's been a fucking cancer this season. Watch any Cavs game, he has completely given up on his teammates.
Im not even gonna bother arguing cause this sub has a hard on for anything bad about Lebron
The fact is that he doesn't, the bulls can have a system to either hide him if he becomes atrocious on defence in the nba or have a heavy switching system. 
Sorry for replying to two comments, but that is an absolutely horrible idea. No good tanking team has ever traded away a promising young player for terrible odds to get someone at least as good. 
I agree he is not yet, but I think he could be. At the very least, he has a better chance than whoever we pick at 8th with the Nets pick. That would just be terrible gambling. 
FUCK LeBron, he pressured the FO into giving out some horrible contracts. No one wants to trade with Cleveland because of it and LeBron’s crying that the FO won’t do anything.
I mean I know we hate Lebron but I don't think anyone can say hes "taking a year off" while averaging 26,9,8
Lebron crushed it tonight in Orlando. He almost tried for half the game.
Lebron is my goat. Michael is a horrible person. 
damn....that absolutely sucks man
Doesn't matter fuck LeBron 
Also would note that Larry Bird doesn’t get his due. Just an unathletic white guy with a peach fuzz mustache scoring 24 ppg, 1.26 point per shot, 10 Boards per game (2 offensive; 8 defensive), 6.3 assists per game, 1.7 steals per game, 0.8 blocks per game, 3.1 turnovers per game. 
LeBron's skeletons are coming out soon.  He is a disgusting person.
This sub is pathetic, my god. Bunch of children.
If you’re not blowing Jordan or D-Rose on here, expect the downvotes. True NBA fans recognize game and they can hate and respect at the same time. 
[Do you mean THIS guy?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBrcLq8NQqA)
absurd assumption
> -Four teams currently close behind the Pelicans won! (**Jazz**, Clippers, **Nuggets**, and Pistons)


And it was against GSW and Spurs
You are the worst fans. No one should be rooting for a tank. You are some fake ass fans if you enjoy this bullshit. 
Drinking makes me angry too 
Seems like JJJ will go way before late lottery now.
duh.
I mean guys that dont shoot 3s are
You just have a poor handle of how trading happens. They aren't mutually exclusive things. They are actively trading all of them.
Thabeet 2.0 he's got no offense. Idk why this sub is so obsessed with him.
Fuck Cowley
Why Chicago fans hate Cowley?
Because he's a fucking hack who only writes articles to rile people up and tries to get fans to turn against either players or the front office.
Look at the fucking cubs. The "no winning culture argument" is bull shit. Culture is determined by the organization. GM, coaches, and the personality of the players is what culture is determined by.
Sorry for posting late!
That is the upside to his poor shooting I guess, come the end of the season when the market is already going to be tight it might save us a couple mill a season or so. Because I can't see garpax letting him walk unless he doesn't improve at all from where he's at now and someone offers him a max. Even then, would be a bad look for the front office since he was suppose to be the centerpoint of the Jimmy trade.
we are trying to tank, not win the finals
that would be incredibly disappointing.
It’s weird I don’t remember it like that, but then again when he got injured again I started drinking a bit heavier so...
I hope Lavine turns the fuck up

I don’t want to watch a tank blowout on my day off :(
Doc Rivers' voice is terrible.
this is what happens when the game starts at 12:30
The kid in the white jersey in that shooting competition was getting mad buckets.


Valentine and Portis have to be the worst fast break duo in the league.
Zipser is absolutely terrible.
Not really a fan of these Clipper jerseys. Bulls’ jerseys are sick though.
This is so terrible 
Wtf is happening with the turnovers! It's not even funny to tank like this. :/
Portis stinks at D but he gets a decent amount of strip's.
man fuck put blakeney in the game

Trying to play Fanbeat almost not worth it, this game hurts to watch
Grant has a very slow release
It's like everyone on this team is afraid to pass it down low.
Justin Holiday and Robin Lopez have looked so bad the last couple of weeks, I feel like the trade talk has affected them.  
Lavine has no comfidence anymore, you can tell:(
Roll is fucking trash 
He sucked in Minnesota also, He does not play any defense what so ever, takes bad shots. He was a big fish in a dirty pond in minnesota.
I said it awhile ago in /r/nba that Zipser might be the worst defensive big in the league. His technique is garbage and he's also soft as fuck. Hopefully he's playing in Europe soon. 
Ah, my bad. Taken out of context
They're sooo nice. Unfortunately doesn't seem like they're gonna be on sale online. :(
I also ordered Towns, Embiid, and Giannis City jerseys. They were $14 so a steal. I've never gotten a bad jersey from them
That’s a bad man
I hope so because I’m going to the game, but i don’t think so
Sadly he’s out 
Worst fucking owner and front office executives in the league, pathetic. Paxson is a fucking chump, can't believe this loser played with Jordan.
He is an ugly dude
No I know, but I thought that a player on the minimum could bypass the order. Not sure why
You thought wrong. 
okc just played some of the worst defense ive seen them play this season, roberson injury is gonna hurt them bad
I wish the Jazz took Niko, there’s no way they make the playoffs. But again I think the Pelicans will struggle. If AD doesn’t play they’re not winning.
OKC has one of the worst bench in the league.


And without Roberson, their rotation is really awful.


They desperately need to pick a PF. Hopefully someone would be waived for them. 
And their shot selection in the last 5 mins was insanely bad.
I'm just thinking Achilles is a tough one to come back from. Definitely put shooters around AD--Niko, get a couple of other younger players (too bad they gave up Buddy Hield in that trade). 
I get it.  Media sucks, but 1) Niko was sick of talking about you too and 2) you shouldna did that then.  That said it is beyond time to forget this whole thing.  Tbh I think media frenzy over this incident helped force the trade.  If all the Cowleys out there would just drop it I doubt Niko would feel so compelled to leave.
I mean, this is just me, but if you break someone's face yeah you should expect to have to talk about it.
Even so, packaged with another pick, we could move up to the range where Jackson will be. Also, if the RoLo trade also includes a really bad salary, we'd prob get a lottery pick (maybe would have to include Nwaba).
I'm betting on Bobby put all-in  and Niko lost his lunch money.  Definitely awkward.
Here are some other articles about this story:

* ESPN: [Sources: Greg Monroe, Celtics agree on 1-year, $5M deal](http://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/22299809/free-agent-center-greg-monroe-agreed-one-year-5-million-contract-boston-celtics)
* twitter.com: [Adrian Wojnarowski on Twitter: "Monroe will sign a one-year, $5M deal with Celtics, league sources tell ESPN ...](https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/959484030201794560)
* twitter.com: [Adrian Wojnarowski on Twitter: "Greg Monroe will sign with the Boston Celtics, league source tells ESPN."](https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/959483486955560960)
* Bleacher Report: [Greg Monroe Reportedly Agrees to 1-Year, $5 Million Contract with Celtics](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2757231-greg-monroe-reportedly-agrees-to-1-year-5-million-contract-with-celtics)
* sports.yahoo.com: [Free agent Greg Monroe picks Boston Celtics over New Orleans Pelicans](https://sports.yahoo.com/free-agent-greg-monroe-picks-boston-celtics-new-orleans-pelicans-181041593.html)
* SBNation: [Greg Monroe signs 1-year, $5 million deal with Boston Celtics, per report](https://www.sbnation.com/2018/2/2/16965134/greg-monroe-boston-celtics-buyout-market)
* si.com: [Report: Celtics to Sign Greg Monroe](https://www.si.com/nba/2018/02/01/boston-celtics-sign-greg-monroe)
* CBS Sports: [Greg Monroe to reportedly sign with Celtics, providing big boost for Boston's offense](https://www.cbssports.com/nba/news/greg-monroe-to-reportedly-sign-with-celtics-providing-big-boost-for-bostons-offense/)
* boston.com: [Greg Monroe to sign with Celtics](https://www.boston.com/sports/boston-celtics/2018/02/02/greg-monroe-to-sign-with-celtics)
* CBS Boston: [Celtics Reportedly Sign Greg Monroe To 1-year, $5 Million Deal](http://boston.cbslocal.com/2018/02/02/celtics-greg-monroe-nba-gordon-hayward-exception/)
* Boston Herald: [Celtics add big man Greg Monroe](http://www.bostonherald.com/sports/celtics/celtics_insider/2018/02/celtics_add_big_man_greg_monroe)
* slamonline.com: [Report: Greg Monroe Agrees To 1-Year, $5M Deal With Celtics](http://www.slamonline.com/nba/report-greg-monroe-agrees-1-year-5m-deal-celtics/)
* theadvocate.com: [Report: New Orleans native Greg Monroe to sign with Boston Celtics, not Pelicans](http://www.theadvocate.com/new_orleans/sports/pelicans/article_d5145e2e-0842-11e8-87be-232d3efd0314.html)

-----

I am a bot trying to encourage a balanced news diet.

These are all of the articles I think are about this
                story. I do not select or sort articles based on any opinions or
                perceived biases, and neither I nor my creator advocate for or
                against any of these sources or articles. It is your responsibility
                to determine what is factually correct.
Bucks have to bite. They’re starting Henson who’s awful.
I just want the assets to build up without making stupid ass moves. Thats all. 
If Cam Payne doesn’t work out then it’s one of the worst trades ever tho.

Still they’ve been doing awfully well recently.
I'm not sure what you meant by this, but if they let LaVine go they are idiots.
They are also idiots if they pay him $20 million per year.

I like Lauri and Dunn but if they lose Lavine or overpay him that trade turns out pretty bad
He's a Power Forward... Like a half Blake Griffin without a jumper. So essentially worthless.
If there was a way to describe the NYK front office for the last 2 decades, stupid definitely comes to mind.
Barrett is unrealistic cuz he'll probably go #1. But I  could see us grabbing zion, shareef, Jaylen hands, etc. 
It probably will. The All Star game is in Chicago a few years from now. 
Fuck off, dickhead.
Sorry I want us to draft someone who actually possesses a fucking NBA-caliber skill.
Well... Not to be mean, but for you it is really difficult but for him it isn't quite that difficult. He has that touch and it has to be a relatively easy shot for him because it's one that he throws up amidst traffic sometimes and usually makes it. 


He's a pro baller yknowmsayin 
dude is like 30 fuck that shit
Is this a pump fake or did this happen?
I mean shit, hopefully.
All star game to Chicago was reinsdorfs compensation to the nba for the #1 pick. That’s my theory and I’m sticking to it. 
Eh I don't know. I want to see what GarPax do with the Pels pick first before dropping assets for another pick. Meaning, I'd rather trade up using a combination of grant, rolo, holiday, and the Pels 1st rounder than get another late first rounder.

Edit: Plus I really fucking hate Delly bc of that Cavs series. Fucking dirty mf can rot in hell.
> Edit: Plus I really fucking hate Delly bc of that Cavs series. Fucking dirty mf can rot in hell.


That and his contract... But Bucks will definitely attach him along with that first.
I'd be shocked if he gets a max. Two acl injuries already. He needs a few "prove it" years before a team invests that type of money and years for him 
I predict bulls will end up being 3rd to 5th worst behind Magic and Kings.
I want Doncic so badly, dude has it all. 
His handles are insane for a tall guy. I do agree with the KD comparison in those terms.
> and two probable lotto picks could be intruiging to them.


Cherry picking qoutes is not a good thing.
ROTY and you get his name wrong, smh
You shall not win!
Given how big of a mentor he was for Lauri this makes me really sad.
It's a Friday afternoon here and I feel really sad.
Fuck that shit.
I don't take B/R very seriously and this piece didn't change that.
no 3 pt challenge tho :((((((((
Ugh these fucking clueless trade posts are going to kill me. 
These are terrible and I love them
Liking DBZ doesn't mean you like anime imo
In Niko’s case let’s hope not... or at least not this year
Wait wtf
And we have Nelson. He’s been in the nba finals and is a vet. Jason terry tho? I feel like you’re naming random ass vets tbh 😂😂
I think the Sixers did when they traded the Lakers pick to the Celtics but I may be wrong.
Bulls would have to take ALL of the bad contracts from the Cavs and give up RoLo and someone like Zel for CLE to give the Nets pick
I just wonder how hard it would have been to trade the guy who threw the punch as opposed to got punched. It's all trivial anyway. It just made me think. 
yea my bad as well, forgot they're only responsible for the bad moves

EDIT: !
Comparison to Grant "The blind man bouncing basketball" can't be made as I believe at least Cam will try to pass to Lauri.
You say signing Niko with the team option was stupid because the FO granted him basically a No trade clause but you are watching the deal from a very narrow point of wiev.

When they gave that contract to Niko the idea was not to trade him asap but to develop him, they didn't know that a month later Niko and Portis would have fought and force the team to deal one.
If they would have not gave Niko that contract and just make him sign the qualifying offer (that he probably would have accepted) the bulls were going to risk to lose him for nothing next summer.
OP is dumb as fuck and think simple arithmetic is "Getting mathy"
Or OP just dumb 
Marquis Teague is the worst mistake. Which is semi forgiveable I guess. He was supposed to be the better brother and we needed a PG.
Wow, that's fucking insane actually.
I'm hoping Miles Bridges falls that low. Doubtful, but he been looking solid lately. 
Personally, I'm really disappointed Allen was waived. Between him and Asik, I really feel like the Bulls had a chance to be really scary defensively in 2012
He'd be going into work like Johnny Dangerously
Wait what? Fuck my life.
36yo Tony Allen just doesn't have the clamps anymore; almost impossible for anyone to have them at that age at least not consistently
I expect jameer will help this team tbh. He's a solid point guard and fuk our ball movement is sooooooo bad without Dunn.
Eh, no. I'm ok with keeping Felicio. We would have to add something or put protections on it in order for them to take that contract. I'd rather just have Felicio on the books
Fuck no
This is why I hate sports fans.
I mean... maybe the billboards lit a fire you know?
Doug wasn't bad, I'd say he was similar value as Valentine
YES!!!!

Thank you! I thought I was taking crazy pills for a minute with people rewriting history on me!

Seriously, this comment was an oasis of sanity for me.
Capela depends a ton on guards. I'm not sure if give him the max with our play making.
Correct me if I'm wrong but don't we need to renounce Lavine or what's the cap hold on him? Also we can prob deal Rolo in off season i guess.
Speaking of Isaiah Canaan, prayers up.  That leg looked fucked up.  
If we can convince him to retire, idk man that contract is bad
A lot of people are saying no but I say fuck it were years away from being a contender let's do it
nah, Noah contract is dumb and not worth taking for their 1st round pick. Bulls would lose all flexibility with his contract. 

He CAN'T help us. We don't need him. This is such a lame idea.
Hard to see them taking on approx. 18-20M in annual salary to offload 18M in annual salary
Damnnnnn that sucks smh 
RoLo must be devastated :(
WHAT THE FUCK
Keep Jameer and start him until KD comes back.

EDIT: [Vindicated](https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/959155748474359808)
I am willing to bet Asik will get in shape sooner than Cris. Asik literally was sick (bacterial infection) and lost a LOT of weight and was out the shape because of it.
 Cris had no excuses beside being lazy after getting paid. 
Trade Rolo, start Asik, lose every game until the end of the season
Asik and destroy!
Because Asik is absolutely terrible 
Because he is not worth the money his contract says he is - too expensive
>Because Asik is ~~absolutely terrible~~ the new tank commander.


Oh shit GarPax redemption!

Edit: ~~holy shit and Tony Allen!~~ he gone
All this Mikal Bridges talk here has been driving me crazy the past few months. LUKA DONCIC WILL BE A CHICAGO BULL SPEAK IT INTO EXISTENCE!
Don’t forget Gar “mother fucking” Forman. 
Wouldn’t put it past garpax 
bring it. I hate everything anyway.
Jesus fucking Christ. This sub and second round picks 
If AD goes down...this team will struggle hard.
Easing would mean the opposite. The protections get less protective, not more stringent.

EDIT — Though in this case, it appears it goes Top-5 protected, Top-8 protected, then unprotected. Weird setup.
FUCK
ah bad typo, i meant stretch 4.
Quincy being waived to create roster space to complete the deal :(
This is the last year of the system I described. Next year the 3 worst teams get the same odds at 14% which is lower than it is now. The lottery will decide 4 teams instead of 3 as well
It’s something of very little value. 
At the time, but knowing what we know now about how badly the Knicks wanted Markkanen, if we didnt trade up, very likely Markkanen would have gone to the Knicks at 8.
I want Ayton so bad
> I want Ayton so bad

+1
WE GOT JAMEER NELSON! A FORMER ALL-STAR! ROBBED THEM BLIND
Wikipedia says Asik has Crohn's disease. :( I don't know how you can be a pro basketball player with Crohn's.
Rap just made me anxious and acid made me crazy...
#**BUT WE COULD HAVE HAD JORDAN BELL : ( )**
Was Mirotic gonna stay here after his contract was up? I think considering that getting a 14-17 pick isn't all too bad. This also improves our tanking.
What does being "protected" mean about the pick?
Wrong again.
You're wrong.
Uhhh, yeah, just a FUTURE first would be a terrible trade. They should be getting that just for taking on Asik's contract, without giving up Mirotic.
Them squares just made me looser, that wax just made me lazy
No, it's the opposite.

Basically, the NBA draft is a lottery, and if you don't make the playoffs you get put into that lottery.  1-5 protections means that if the Pelicans get a top-5 pick, they keep it, but if it's the 6th pick or worse, we get it, which seems very likely to happen since they're projected to be at worst probably a late lottery team.

My guess is the pick falls around the 10th or 11th pick, which would mean we would get their pick, as well as our own.
There’s no way they end up with one of the worst records tho..
Not sure. Just thinking of ways to maximize picks. 
That's a cost of a broken jaw from a teammate.
Jazz, Clippers, Nuggets, Grizzlies (fuck the Lakers tho)
I don’t think 1 pick is enough. Worst contract in nba history
Lol Phil fucked them on that contract horribly
No way we should take Joakim back under any circumstance. This team already has a leader in RoLo and Noah never got along with Hoiberg. And that contract is insane
Highly doubtful the Bulls even consider it for multiple firsts. NYK wants Noah out because he is clashing w/ Hornacek, and he already clashed with Hoiberg. Why lock into that for another 2 years? We are rebuilding, we don't need guys hurting our locker room.
And everyone here was prob like, "wtf pay muh long-time Bulls!!! Fire GarPax derp."
Why are we pushing for playoffs next year? No need to rush. Rushing leads to disaster and bad decisions. 
Going to be crazy when we watch Lil Lauri enter the NBA draft in 18 years.
I still believe it's PS 4 NBA game addiction rehab... Don't @ me!
get a fucking life.
ah must be a bad translation then, title said Wife
Maybe we should let /u/rpillai5 's PM to me answer this question. Notice I've tagged his as "calls everything retarded."

https://imgur.com/a/dJhWP
I think this is correct. The Ringer did an article about NBA players' awful public domain pictures in their wiki pages.
 https://www.theringer.com/2017/7/14/16078058/nba-player-wikipedia-photos-4e40c96128d1
You may have meant r/freeuse instead of R/freeuse.
 
 ---------------------------------------
 
^^^Remember, *^^OP ^^^may ^^^have ^^ninja-edited.* ^^I ^^correct ^^subreddit ^^^and ^^user ^^links ^^with ^^^a ^^capital ^^R ^^^or ^^U, ^^^which ^^are ^^^usually ^^unusable. 
 
 ^^**-Srikar**
6th worst actually
I hate these timeouts, wtf are you gonna say Fred? Do you have some of Michael's secret stuff?
They should just replace the Bulls players with random fans and get on that damn plane. Nobody will notice or care 
I like how this illinois lottery commerical uses ugly people
Any chance we could get 2 losses for this game?
man I feel bad for Zach rn, can't wait til he gets acclimated to playing again and being on this team
I didn't realize there was a game tonight, and it looks like the Bulls didn't either.
Dang Bulls are like Browns level bad this game.
If I stay up this late and don’t see Blakeney I’m going to scream 
going to the clippers game expecting to see atleast lauri maybe dunn. never mind i might as well go see some homeless people dig up trash
As I mention on a per-game basis, I hate how the red stripes just randomly end around the the shoulders in the back of the jerseys. Nike blows.
Where the fuck is Blakeney, we are gonna lose anyway
Why the fuck cant we play Blakeney
What the fuck is happening
LAVIN3 ... Fuck the haters! 
Holiday is such a bad passer. It's unreal. 
Justin holiday is the shittest basketball player ive seen in my life. Jerin sucks but at least he knows how to play the game. Sometimes i question how he even made it to the nba
It's like Lavine is afraid to drive. Constantly gets close to the rim and kicks the ball out.
Lavine has some of the worst shot selection I have ever seen
Just fuck us up so that we could snag Ayton k?
Gotta catch up on the game tomorrow.  Who was “guarding” CJ?
I think Valentine is the worst player ever to run a break.
Just read about that on Twitter. Fuck, man. 
HOLY SHIT THAT WAS GRUESOME
He can be okay on offense if his shot is falling but he's awful on defense.
He can at least match CJ on shot attempts in a quarter. 
You spelled DeAndre Ayton wrong
[Common] BUR
I hate it too. I actually thought initially they were folded and it was just a flaw. Turns out some idiot actually designed it that way. :(
hate hate hate hate
🚨 DENZEL HATE BONER ALERT 🚨 
Play the game? Have you seen Grant play the last few games? And it’s Jerian. 

I wanna add to this. Justin has proven to be a spark off the bench. Yeah he’s been taking some questionable shots, but we wouldn’t be having this discussion if they were falling in. 


Remember when he made 8 threes in a game?
He's had at least 4 tough drives getting hammered, so I'm not sure what you're watching.
He's went to the rim and attempted to finish AT LEAST 3 times tonight. 
Have you always been susceptible to extremely small sample sizes? 
if he takes a shot and misses you would have called him a chucker. there is just no winning with you guys
What? His handles are awful. Dude can’t even catch a pass either.
At least one of them can hit the hole.
Yeah ive watched every game this year. A single performance doesnt define how good a player is. He started off hot but has been unwatchable lately. He ruines every break with an ill advised chucked up 3 and has been shooting terrible from the field lately with tons of turnovers.
Honestly no, just frustrated at how poor his overall shooting has been lately 
Handles are awful? He pushed the ball with ease multiple times this game. Definitely needs to work on his hands though. He's just young, raw and needs a lot of polishing/developing. 
Well you made it in time to witness one at least
no it is definitely gruesome. it had every player and coach covering their face
Thank you. I'm going to take a hard pass.
Ah, I have seen that. Didn't think that was so bad to watch at the time. But that was before I tore an ACL myself. Not such a big fan of watching knee injury videos after that.
I'm not trying to change your mind I'm just trying to tell you that you're wrong
Yeah and I poked holes in all your "evidence" lol I hope you don't fail your test as badly as you've failed to analyze players
I've seen plenty of Bullls' home games. It's the tip off, people are still in lines to get their beer and candy plus late arrivals.
Zipser has been even worse than I could imagine.
This game might set some records
At least I'll get to bed on time tonight
the tank is brutal but it must continue
before this game convo: 

*Hawks: We're tanking! 
*Mavs: Watch & Learn.
*Bulls: Here, hold my beer. 
Cleveland Cavs looking at us like "maybe we're not so bad?"
This game is going to be awful lmao
This is gonna be hard to watch... 
Terrible game to buy beer for. Forgot Markkanen was out. 
I can't sleep and need to be up at 3am for work. Decided to say fuck it to stay awake for a West coast Bulls game and play some Nintendo Switch. Well... at least I have a Nintendo Switch. This is brutal.
I just turned on the game and holy shit....
This guy is putting on a show, I ain't even mad
Lavine didn't even wave his arms around to defend the inbound pass wtf...
It's so weird seeing the away team wearing white
when GarPax see "the bulls are so bad at tanking..." 
Fred Hoiberg - *hold my beer*
McCollum's pump fake game is stronger than Mirotic's. How is that possible?
WTF...
That McCollum guy ain't bad!

^kill ^me
Portland is gonna score 140 on us :(
Fuck it let him have 100. 
I mean no, player coming off an ACL tear who averages 20 a game vs Niko the inconsistent 
We will get lazy, I promise you...
Not gonna lie David scares me the least so I'd pick him. I'd still get absolutely fucking rocked though.
Bobby. Without any sucker punches this time.
But Bobby and Dunn are legit crazy. At least I know Nwaba would have a cool head but you never willingly pick crazy.
Zipser might be the worst player in the NBA. 
That's something I can get behind!
If we haven't made a trade by Feb 8th this will be a depressing place
That damn *lower leg injury*, that's just too bad xD
This kinda sucks if you ask me.  Reeks of desparation by the Bulls, i.e. theyre compromising their leverage by showing how intent they are to send him off.  He supposedly has a leg strain so just say he's resting for now.  By announcing this theyre basically saying come with your lowest offers bc Niko has got to go.  I see this as a mistake, esp if they fail to get a deal done
If that's nikos choice that's very bad news for the bulls. It'll tank his value.
ill miss March Niko. Thats it.
So would you rather have him playing, get injured, and bam no more trade. This happens all the time with teams and sitting down players that may be traded soon. 
it doesnt bother u when people are wrong and act like mean jerks about it
Seems kinda haphazard.  He was practicing yesterday and traveled with the team to Portland, set to play.  Now he's out indefinitely all of a sudden.  I get the pt of protecting him so a deal doesnt fall through but just looks like the team is disorganized and kinda desparate in how theyre handling this.  It doesnt help that they had a deal that fell through yesterday either, tho I guess we can commend their activity to an extent.
Hitting on every pick is impossible. But the Doug pick is very damning.
http://www.82games.com/nbadraftpicks.htm

Niko is outperforming whatever pick we would get.  You gtfo, I come with facts meanwhile you just keep spewing crap from the sphincter on your face.
Again you can't seem to understand what I've written. You truly must be some fucking moron. He is gone now anyway so you can cry your eyes outz
You spelling words with random z’s.  Yes, I’m the fucking moron.
I'm sorry, but we are getting the #1 pick.
Whats with the hate on blakeney? He was a beast in summer league
Wow, WTF.  That's sad.  RIP.
So sad
We all make terrible decisions, and this one bad decision cost two people their lives.

Still, no need for the childish response and emojis. Get a life, pal.
You could still think someone made a bad decision and be upset they are dead. 
If the Cavs don't want to give up the Nets pick for DeAndre Jordan, then they're definitely not giving it up for Niko and RoLo. The Cavs also aren't trading IT and not getting another PG in return. While the Cavs probably want to dump some of their bad contracts, giving up a lottery pick in a loaded draft doesn't help their rebuild if Lebron leaves.

Cavs say "Fuck NO"
I think they are worried about going "all in" for this year when they 
desperately need that pick if Lebron leaves. Hell even if Lebron stays they need that pick
Lauri's not in already? This is news to me. How can the league MVP not be in the allstar game??
negative infinity
Say no more.
I am just sad i don't get to see lauri in person 
Fuck that are we gonna trade Niko or what
At the game tonight. Will be cheering on the zipgod!
Man i was gonna go on a road trip from vancouver to portland with some homies to watch this game i would have been super bummed too :((
After tonight? I’m going to the game and I want it at least a little competitive. 
Man, this is gonna be a real ugly game to watch isn't it.
thank you! I'm a fan of SRO too, but haven't ever done it for a basketball game. I'll keep an eye out for these
Does this mean no more Chuck Gorsky (Sworsky or whatever, I've no idea how to spell his name)?
I don't think so, but Chuck is set to be Neil's replacement in a few years so fret not!
The day that happens will be the worst day of my life
for starters, OP who was trying rationalize your statement. don't play dumb.
> Asik's contract is terrible

That's if Bulls have no cap space. Which isn't the case for this year and next year.  The year after, if I recall correctly, they have a 3 million buyout. 
 So the "terribleness" of his contract doesn't apply here, unless the Bulls think they need to start selling draft picks again to get some money back.
I think we underestimate the appeal of making the playoffs to organizations. Especially small market orgs. 
If it were for Niko straight up it'd have to be a bad contract and the cavs pick. I'd take it though.
If I'm Cleveland I am not giving up that Nets pick for anyone as that is my Lebron James is leaving insurance for this Summer.

The only way I trade it is if I get a franchise cornernstone like Giannis or Porzingis in return which is absurd to demand.
That would be a terrible deal for the Bulls. It's a much less valuable version of the Pels deal that everyone was piling on earlier.
I already addressed the pellies, the gap from Cousins to Niko isnt going to make the jazz make up a 6 game gap with 33 games left and the clips are tanking. So, at worst they get jumped by the nuggets and blazers and finish 8th. Which makes the pick a non-lottery pick, try reading.
He was one of the worst players in the nba with the bulls. And Payne is in his 2nd year and has struggled with his foot for both years. Taj and Doug were both leaving in the off-season anyways. 
Fuck off man, https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/7u3dg0/oconnor_what_also_doesnt_make_sense_is_im_hearing/. You should read that, or go be a 76er fan.
One, JB took a pay cut before, so he might have taken another one. But, Lavine won't, were gonna max him, and Jimmy wouldnt have cost 250+ mil, you pulled that out of your ass. Also, Lavine has never scored 20 a game, and doesnt play any D.
Dafuq arre you on man, this sub is pro tank and trade Niko. The fuck are you suprised about if you dont come on here and say Niko should be traded in a minute for any 1st you always get downvoted to oblivion. The fuck.
K man, I’m done arguing with a wall. I think you’re way off base, and you definitely don’t agree with me so let’s just be fans our separate ways.
I dont want asik for a teen pick. 3 years of terrible money.
they want niko, they need shooting

they also desperately want to re sign boogie
Are you drunk?
europeans are weird
Where you from, friend, if you don't mind me asking, that you didn't know the name of the soccer team? 

Anyway, U Miami's nickname is the Hurricanes. San Jose (soccer) has the Earthquakes, and though not many people are old enough to recall it, New Orleans had the devastating Pelican swarms of the summer of 37. 
Yeah the Pels might be wrong but undoubtedly thats their thinking (in addition to wanting to re-sign Cousins without hitting the luxury tax).  Dont see why pointing that out earns a downvote.  
Europeans are still weird, though.
Pels fan here. Our FO is either posturing or just plain dumb. Probably some combination of both
I find it hard to believe NOLA would be crazy about Mirotic being guaranteed next year since they'll then have Niko, Davis, and DMC. But Niko coming off the bench isn't terrible for that combo, I guess.
Ah, Tony Allen. Just the type of a player Hoiball is desperately begging for.
Yeah you ain’t kidding. Fuck 🤦🏼‍♂️
I was serious
Damn, we all fell for the pump fake...
THE ULTIMATE PUMP FAKE
if the pick is protected anything outside of the top 3 this is a horrible fucking trade
just saw that, WTF
Bruh how hard is it to get this mothafucka off the team? 
WAIT WHAT THE FUCK
Holy crap
Well this is awkward
Oh bloody hell
I’m confused, so miritic said no? What the fuck why?
I'm sorry but this is the one thing I hate about the NBA, the players have way too much control.
It's hilariously sad that the NTC is coming back to bite us
Pelicans would be 1.5 mil$ over the hard cap... so we will have to take someone along with asik...
The way people defend Utah putting fucking LOTTERY PROTECTION on the pick on this sub is horrifying. Why else would we even want the pick??
> Really weird the deal would fall apart over Niko's 12 mil for next year.

I think it was for this year. NO is like 1.2 million under the cap and Niko's 12mil will put them into luxury tax. Apparently NO owner's can't afford the tax (correct me if I'm wrong on that, maybe they just don't want to pay the tax not that they can't afford it)
It’s highly unlikely the Pelicans fall out of the playoffs now that the Clippers have traded Blake and appear to be in rebuild mode.
Exactly. We are taking a bad conctract AND giving up an asset in Niko 
They aren't resigning him and he's a UFA who will command a ton of money. Why the fuck do they get an actual player for a worthless expiring?
Dude got way too much hate and was horribly misused by the Bulls.
never 4get the pump fake king

I'll miss the Pump fake. THREEEKOLA!
I never minded when he bombed a long one :(
I'll never forget the streak, the moments during a game where he and Bobby would shake hands after a bucket and that one game where he shot about 5 or 6 3's in one quarter.
Can't pump fake us this time
Forget the pick, chances are zach lavine and dunn are never better than Niko.

It's lookin like Lauri will be though probably within 2 seasons
im with you my dude

no more pump fakes in 2018
We were this close to Stacey King pronouncing his last name wrong for the rest of the year 
If this pick has any protections on it I'll be livid. I am now heavily rooting for the Pelicans to miss the playoffs and get into the lottery. GIVE US PICKS!
# **WHAT THE FUCK**
Omer's making 11.2 and 11.9 next two years. Not ideal.
What the fuck
GarPax swallows the poison pill anyways. The price for a first round pick is brutal 
Asik and destroy!
I’m not sure if he has broken a trade, but he does have insider acccess and is well connected throughout the organization. I’d listen to what he has to say. That said, it could be a strategic leak to drive some other agenda.
Pels ain't moving outta the playoffs unless AD goes down or utah makes a crazy run.
Laughable 
And because of Brooklyn every team is wary now. 
He's freaking 20 years old. That's crazy 
Fuck, I'm going to be at the game in Portland...
What a terrible post subject. Thanks for clearing it up.
I had a kid at 16 :(
Fuck off
Uh... sorry about that one there
Brutal.
Detroit seem to be going hard for it so I’ll take Johnson with a 1st round pick.
Hi my names trae I got a basketball game tomorrow I’m a point guard and I got shoe game
Man he knows he’s ugly don’t rub it in.
What does mediocre scorer mean?
mediocre means average
The only thing that Scottie Pippen was mediocre at was financial management. 

Randy Brown was a mediocre scorer. Not Pippen. 
AS GOD AS MY WITNESS THE BULLS PLAYOFF CHANCES ARE BROKEN IN HALF!
Bamba is horrible offensively and a terrible passer. Thabeet 2.0 so overrated because of wingspan.
Nope, you're wrong af (as usual). 

Blake is available for garbage because of his horrible 5yr/150 million contract. He's not even an all star.

Mirotic is on a one year plus team option deal at 12.5 million per year. He's got lots of value.

Apples and oranges. 

Tobias Harris is a quality player. He'd be a starter on ~25 teams. And if Avery Bradley returns to his Boston form, this isn't a bad get for LAC. 
I don't know a lot about basketball but even I know that's stupid.
So just because Blake wasn’t on the all star team makes him not an all star player. So is Kawhi not an all star player? Since he’s had some bad luck with injury as well? 
stinks in here

Y'all are crazy thinking 8 games after an ACL tear is enough to judge the salary he should get at the end of the year.
Game shape or basketball rhythm. Looks like he doesn’t know how to attack yet. It’ll take a bit to get that feel for the game back. 
I'm raining on their parade.  I hope I'm wrong, but based on what I have seen so far I am worried.
> ~~Unpopular~~ Really bad opinion, I know.
And what do you get when you pay an unproven player after a serious injury?  
Hell no. We're in a worse position than NOLA for him in that case.
We are 1 game behind the 5th pick, and 3.5 games out of dead last.
Over the total of the deal it's roughly 72.5mil for a guy who will barely touch the court for the entire 4 year stint. When you factor in that everybody knew that Noah was broken down before NYK signed him, it has to be considered one of the worst contracts ever given out.
No he’s making like 17 mill a year. It’s the worst contract in the nba, undebatable. Trading for Noah basically guarantees you aren’t competing for the duration of it
Him and OP are crazy. Carry on...
Yeah, I always hate my previous bosses, so I would never go back. For some reason they've never offered me 55 mil to do it though.
It would still be stupid to not even enquire and see if you can’t get that type of deal. I’m not saying they are that desperate, I’m saying that’s our asking price.
Justin Holiday and Jerian Grant, but I'd also trade them for Fultz bobblehead so I'm not sure the sixers will accept
> The only reason his shot is bad is because he has a frozen tendon in his shoulder

You know 100% this is the case?
Fultz is 4 years younger than KD. That's a long fucking time to improve.
This was my thought as well but I had no idea how the "days" were counted so I was not sure if he used all of his up by the end of November or not.
I think Blakeney will get his shot once a few guys get moved but I think putting on ball would be an awful move. He’s a microwave type offense player. Would love too see him coming off the bench will Denzel and BP.  
dumb bot
I mean, Curry isn't usually guarding elite guards. That's what Klay is for. 
Not sure if you're still getting replies OP, but I found some on Eastbay:

https://www.eastbay.com/product/model:283446/sku:64465666/nike-nba-swingman-jersey-mens/zach-lavine/chicago-bulls/red/black/
Yeah. At least for where i am located
Making up ground in the tank game is harder than making up ground in the playoffs.
Idc what anyone says, justin holiday fucking sucks
I know we're tanking but that was cancerous to watch :/
The rust of sucking ass, making terrible passes and bricking shot after shot. 
It’s not rust, it’s not playing well because you’re taking shots from shitty angles, are throwing lazy passes, or are turning the ball over because you’re lackadaisical in your game. 

LaVine wasn’t rusty, he was just bad tonight. 
What does rusty mean to you?
He scored 18 and played very well several games ago. If he wasn’t rusty then, he’s not rusty now. He had a bad game, that’s all there is to it. 
Fucking Grant starting again....
FUCK YOU GRANT
I miss Dunn :(
what the FUCK grant
We're so bad without Dunn.
I don't profess to know everything about analytics, but I heard that giving up dunks and wide open 3s was bad.
LaVine's gotta let the game come to him. He keeps forcing stuff when its not there. 
I didn’t watch Lavine when he was playing for minnesota, is contested 3s and long 2s his usual play style or is he afraid to go to the rim because of his injury?
Well we're definitely back to being really bad.
The first minutes have been so fucking boring 
Holy fuck grant is fucking trash. Run zel at point 
Holy shit Grant is fucking garbage. Dude dribble normally for *fucks* SAKE!
My face grinding into shapeless piece when seeing the fuck they leave Arcie alone against Giannis. :(
fuck this im watching the NHL allstar game. Let me know if we wake up.
Why do jerian and holiday hate markk?
I wish Zach LaVine wasn't terrible
I still hate Dellavedova

#So

#Damn

#Much
4 shots for Lauri. Fuck this team.
Zach Lavine and I have now combined for 2 points this game!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Should we be worried about Lavines defense?

Also every time I watch Grant do his stupid little hobble dribble to the paint then turn around at the baseline just to hobble dribble back to the point I die a little bit on the inside. How is he so terrible?
Holy shit holiday,lavine,grant are so frustrating
Wtf did you say Bobby? Even Fred looked disappointed. 
Articuno looks like a pale Michael Corelone
Dellavedova is like the guy at the Y who is just terrible so he dives around at people's kneeds.
LaVine takes some very questionable shots man. 
Who the fuck is sterling brown?
Fuck jason terry
Already having bad feeling about Grant and the game hasn't even started...
i know how you like em' extra sloppy
Wow that block was vicious by Nwaba!
HOLY SHIT THAT WAS SO NASTY NWABA 
There is something wrong with Lopez’s finger
Lavine’s shot selection so far is terrible.
Funk making fun of the other team for a bad play this game is the peak of irony.
NOOO!!! GAME OVER...we have Grant finishing the game...
Can I get a FUCK THE BUCKS
Fuck Delly and his Alvin and The Chipmunks lookin headass
Bro the refs are a bunch of fucking babies man.
I seriously dont care for this team when Lauri isnt on the court.
Bucks are taking all our shit >:(
Wonder wtf is wrong with LaVine's shot.
Wtf... is it me or the prince of darkness loss a few shades? Don’t go the Sammy route Tony! 
Benny show makes acid useless.
We always beat the Bucks in our home away from home but get our asses kicked by them at the UC every season it feels like.

Also, this team has been a mess since the 5 minute mark of the game against the Pels.
Just pointed out how bad it was to my dad...i dont know if its as bad as the blue criss blue shield comercials that play 5x a game
Feels bad man.
And what do you mean by th-**ump-thump-thump-thump-thump-thump-thump-bullet pass-someone has to force a shot**
Agreed, wtf is that
who is he though he is at every UC game dancing with the kids! I just hope he is related to someone not just random - its a odd look
No, that’s nobody’s play style. They have no PG, so everyone suffers and looks bad.
One of the few players that makes me angry just looking at his face. 
Criticism doesn't equal hate.
I think it every home game.
Game been over homeboy
"worse hops than Denzel Washington" damn that killed me loooool. Playing well tho
The offense suffers when Jerian Grant is on the floor
Hate hate hate hate
I mean he is 4/7 shooting 11 points 8rebs
That's one game...
What the fuck
*drops the ball and it just rolls a bit sadly*
Cause our players are selfish idiots.
Charles Oakley knocks em the fuck out. He's Chuck Norris, if Chuck Norris was a tree.
Oak don't give a fuck
Mods, can we have a game thread?
Well I'm from Australia so hardly keeping uptown date with usual prices, but this one is $321 + tax on Stubhub
Saw the joke, thought it was stupid. 

And with your username, how was my assumption weird? Or are you saying my assumption that Sox fans are creeps is weird? Or actually serious? If so then missing jokes looks like it’s more your thing. 

Just dumb as hell. 
I’m just not sure what being a sox fan has to do with anything. 
My point isn’t wrong though...lol
It was all fucking night. The refs just completely ignored players slapping at arms on shots. 

It doesn’t matter, but it was it was obviously the wrong calls. 
You putting Carter, Williams next to each other gave me some really bad flash backs 
Out of curiosity, what is his downfall? I mean there should be a reason on why he hasn’t been called up yet.
EIGHT FUCKING SHOTS AHEAD
I'm not pointing blame at the FO here, I mean to say that Blakeney must have some serious drawbacks in the eyes of the staff and GM if he hasn't been recalled yet.
"Hey, we want a 1st rounder and we'll give you RoLo and a coupon"

Sounds weird
Very unfortunate for NO.


They sacrificed assets to make this work and this happen.



Big chance they will miss the playoffs and Boogie bolts out.
Dude reminds me of Draymond Green. He Can shoot, pass, rebound, and is crazy af. 
Anyone who wanted him cut without having all the info is a fucking moron. Some even called for jail time. Now that we have all the facts, those people look like the idiots they truly are. 

All along I said that there was no way BP just hit him with no provocation. 


Can't pass, won't pass, makes no difference. His passing is a non factor in his game.
https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/p/portibo01/splits/2018

Scroll down to the Minutes Splits. 1 game. Not that 3 games would be anything to brag about, my dude. r/quityourbullshit 
You were wrong. He told you that you were wrong.  
Hate to pile on but that really wouldn't make any sense.
memphis should be serious tank contenders.  conley is now out for the season.  and hell, the pelicans could be joining the ranks of the lottery teams as well after the boogie injury.
You forget the “Ignore Markkanen at all costs” aspect of Jerian’s game.
Arcidiacono should start, no question about it. I can't understand why Fred is so slow to pick this up. I don't remember him usually being this dumb with lineups.
For sure. It’s just when a circle jerk starts against a player here it just spirals out of control. Cam Payne is an example. Yes he’s played terribly but people just talk about him like he’s the scum of the earth. Grinds my gears. 
Grant has been pretty decent defensively this season. One bad game doesn't automatically make him a bad defender. Zel not having to defend the point guard because he can't does make him a defensive liability if he's playing along Lavine, who's pretty bad at defense himself. Zel does have vision and can make some plays but he cannot run the offense. Look at how different the offense flows when Dunn is the pg and Zel is the pg.  
By zel playing PG he wouldnt guard the PG on defense. He would run the offense as PG because Grant is horrible.
They gave up 97 against the Hawks last week. Also points allowed per game is a bad stat for team defense.
I like Hoiberg as our coach. I like the style of play and the culture he’s trying to implement...My only issue is that he doesn’t (it seems) tell the players to PASS THE DAMN BALL TO LAURI and he’s stubborn on guys like GRANT that’s obviously plays bad for our offense.
Missed the game but those jersey are fire omg 
Grant is awful when asked to play with and against starters. 
I fucking hate jerian so god damn much
Hoiberg and LaVine missed this one. As a coach you can't let your team to what they have done in the last three minutes, shooting like they are fooling around in the backyard. Bad plays after timeouts as well. 

LaVine is not something a serious team should have. I don't like his attitude nor his basketball IQ. You can not be a point guard and miss two FT's in the end of the game, all in some casual mode. He also made a foul at that plus one. We should get rid of him ASAP. This game totally slipped off, 2nd unit did their job and then - puff! 

Markanen also must be tougher, that turnover and missed dunk are not acceptable for a future main player.
We are trying to develop players and lose games. Playing Grant accomplishes at least one of those goals
Grant has no idea what to do as the point guard. I didn't watch the game today, but during our past 3 road games he just didn't know what plays to make for the offense.
Got the bad Grant and Holiday. Got the 🐐 Lopez 
Yeah let's slow it down a bit and not jump on conclusions.
Did you mean to respond to my comment? I have no idea what that has to do with anything. 
Bet there'll still be mirotic trade posts even after he is finally traded- " Trading away Niko was a bad move. Here's why: .... " 
I think you mean blakeney not nwaba
Cam Payne, duh. 
Wtf is Grant's obsession with dribbling the fucking clock out.
Just grasp this for a second, people are actually looking forward to Payne coming back. That's how terrible Grant has been.
> What's a computer?

# **IT'S THAT THING IN FRONT OF YOU THAT I'M GONNA SMACK YOU IN YOUR UGLY ASS FACE WITH IF YOU ASK THAT AGAIN**
Words cannot express how much I hate watching Grant trying to run an offense.
is it just me or are these jerseys fucking dope?
Stacy preaching! Fuck Grant 
Getting got by a Niko pump fake has to be one of the worst feelings in the NBA
Mirotic can't sink anything then bounces the ball off the floor and it goes in WTF
That pump fake is deadly 🧔🏻🧔🏻🧔🏻💪🏼
Fuck. Jerian. Grant.
Does anyone else feel Zach has a bad shot selection?
is it just me or does lavine basically just hog the ball and try to get a shot forhimself 95% of the time? not saying he's a bad player but that's what im seeing since he came back
WHAT THE FUCK ZEL
Holy fuck, what a stop Z3l!
another devastating loss.  NOT.   keke.  high draft pick here we come. 
Crazy stat time, in his last 4 games since being called up, Archidiacono is +32 in 45 minutes.
I so hate watching Grant with ball, Lauri asking for the ball first Grant just looks first then looks the other way then when he can't pass to anybody else he gives it to Lauri. Fucking hell Grant...u suck...
I fucking hate god damn grant how is this dude on a roster
Niko seems to be playing angry 
Terrible show. Tries too hard and fails...
Caruso one ugly boi 
Grant is terrible
I want zel, nwaba and lavine in the backcourt right now, ending the game with holiday and grant is sad
Inexcusable to only get Lauri one shot, Grant is so awful it's nauseating.
Please fucking get rid of Grant
These soft ass fouls are getting annoying. Not that hard to wrap up a dude w/o it being flagrant
Wtf zel
damn, no love from the refs tonight
Why Lauri getting the Klove treatment fuck!!! Smh 
infuriating to wathc
Man what a terrible stretch right here
Fuck yeah Zel!
Take Grant out the game!! Bum!
Niko with the terrible pass. Seriously what was that? Dude was standing directly in the front of Bobby
Hoiberg and LaVine missed this one. As a coach you can't let your team to what they have done in the last three minutes, shooting like they are fooling around in the backyard. LaVine is not something a serious team should have. I don't like his attitude nor his basketball IQ. You can not be a point guard and miss two FT's in the end of the game, all in some casual mode. He also made a foul at that plus one. This game totally slipped off, 2nd unit did their job and then - puff! Markanen also must be tougher, that turnover and missed dunk are not acceptable.
o my god I hate watching Jerian Grant play
"Daddy, are we going to playoffs?!


- Shut up and drive the tank! I'm too drunk.
Come on, Fred! Bench Grant for the rest of the game and maybe we´ll still have hope! We want Ryan!
If Portis can continue playing to this level I won’t be sad if we trade Niko 
I tuned in late, why are we booing Kuzma?
What an ugly, choppy game with no momentum either way
That's an awful pass by Nwaba. 
Watch grant run the point hurts my soul. :(
Man, Zach has been brutal tonight.
FUCK
See! The fucking turd always tries to do a flashy no look pass and tosses that shit into the stands.
Something is missing in our past few games. Not sure what. Maybe lavine's ugly shots as well as less ball movement.
lauri not good in the post
Lauri 1shot. Lopez 7. 
Fucking trade him.
Lavine is looking pretty bad out there lately. Hopefully finds his rhythm soon
16-1 run with nwaba and portis, defense is getting us back in the game then sub them out for lavine (3-16) and lauri 2 bad defensive players, lakers go on a run

Smh fred
This team is bad, and i hope it feels bad
Niko showing he’s still got that retard in him 
What's with the mega lame jerseys?
Is it time for a "we're sorry GarPax" billboard
At some point zel started driving all the way to the rim instead of chucking up awful floaters and has been much better since.
Fuck Grant.
Ain’t no more Grant truthers 
In game trade!
Jerian ‘bad fouler’ Grant 
Saw them on presale at the UC when I was there a few weeks ago (Blazers game).  Check online, maybe at other retailers?
I think it was his knee.

Could be wrong though
Grant is Blind man bouncing basketball...he is so f:ing bad. Can't understand why Hoiberg can't give Arcidiaccono more chances to play as it can't get worse on the PG spot with Grant now...
because of one rushed shot in garbage time? why are you so negative man
bad shot selection as well. Need to run him off a few screens, get some open looks
Compared to bobby this game yes he was. We went on a 16-1 run with portis dominating the post. Lauri cant guard randle
Damn must have been while I was scratching my ass. My bad broski 
It’s not being an “expert” 

It’s called knowing your opponent and not being naive 
If I am taking on Mahinmi's contract then I want another first round pick that's protected for a few years. It's Awful
Brooklyn ate a similar contract and they got fucking D'Angelo Russell out of it. We're settling for the #20 pick?
2022 NBA Finals preview! Fuck yeah!
Hype as fuck, let's lose this bitch!
This is going to be the ultimate Tank Battle. We have looked not good without Dunn. The Lakers however look like lost and confused pupies without Ball.
I keep wanting to give Grant some slack and hope he turns into something. Then I watch him dribble around with his head down for 30 minutes. Our backup pg situation is bleak right now, but I'd watch Payne if he at least tried to pass to people.
actually we've won like 3/4 with out him recently so im thinking you guys get the W in the Tank battle. Plus we don't have our pick anyways so we're not even tanking just bad cause were bad sometimes T.T
If you posted this a year and a half ago, I would've thought you were insane. In the strangest timeline of 2018 however, I'm all for it.
WTF? Uh no! 
Thanks man. Sorry my mom had to do you dirty like that.
4 team trade for Lebron, Curry, fake KD, Klay, Embiid, Simmons + 2nd round pick might do it for me
He had nothing left years ago. This is going to be brutal to watch. So I won’t. 
Fuck I've been found out.
I think he is terrible and will be terrible. But we should absolutely give him a shot, he’s young and we have nothing to lose. I’m just some armchair analyst anyways.
at this point he can't be worse than grant. hell, he even got a all star vote!!!!!!!!! 
He sucks goat ass

Ah yes, pain.... I do remember the feeling. But you get numb to it. 
I saw someone in this subreddit at the beginning of the year say that Kris Dunn and Cameron Payne are the two worst players in the entire NBA.

Here's to hoping that Cam shuts people the fuck up like Dunn did. I don't have a lot of hope for the dude, but he's not as abysmal as everybody paints him to be. He just needs a legit work ethic really
I hope he gets dumped in the G League. He looked absolutely terrible in Summer league. Could've been that he was just out of rhythm but he honestly looked like a guy who has literally zero feel for the game, making wrong decisions all the time.
Cam Payne is awful, I'm sorry to say. Inconsistent shooter, gets pick-pocketed way too often, not an amazing passer, he's basically a poor-man's combo guard. 
Yeah that is definitely a stupid comment (two worst in the league). But he is as abysmal as everyone paints cause that's all we have to paint him with. Cam has not shown any of us he is anything but garbage. 
Making us unmade bed analysts look bad FOH
LaVine at the point is a terrible idea
Some might misconstrue this as an insult, but he reminds me of Mike James on defense. I remember Noah saying his nickname was "Jail Yard Mike" because he played like a guy in the jail yard would, and he didn't take crap from anyone.
I don't see how he could be worse than Grant these past couple of games 
Why tf did you being up a random ass question like that?
how the fuck are we picking 5th?
this season is so weird.
SAS with LMA, Lebron and Kawhi would be filthy. But I dont see it happening because the spurs are to stable of an organisation. No way LeBrons shit flies in San Antonio.
Nah, we tank now. If FO is too stupid to pull the trade trigger soon, I'm about to cry
Here's some info about the past ~~10~~ 11(I realized this midway through) drafts. 

Since Derrick Rose went first, 8 of the 11 number one picks did not go to the team with the worst record (though the past three years in a row, they have) 

4 of those 8 jumps to the first pick have come from a position outside the bottom five worst teams.

4 times in the past 11 drafts, a team with a better-than-worst-five record has jumped into a top 5 draft pick excluding a 1st. 

In 10 of the last 11 drafts, at least one of the bottom five worst record teams has moved up to a better position within the top 5. 

Twice for the team with the fifth worst record.

Four times for the team with the forth worst record.

Four times for a team with the third worst record. Three of those have been number one draft picks. 

And the team with the second worst record hasn't moved up to the 1st pick (since 07-08).

So what I'm going to highlight is that draft position is more fickle than everyone thinks (though, apparently, third worst record is the hotspot. Who knew)


My bad, you did say that and I totally missed it!
Archi actually runs the offense. Grant dribbles...dribbles...dribbles...turnover. Grant's just playin awful at point guard. It looks so unnatural and almost painful at times. And he just stands at the three point line. When Archi's in though there actually is movement in the offense, unselfish shot taking and multiple passes. If GarPax weren't a bunch of nepotistic scumbags they'd let Hoiberg bench Grant and start Archi during Dunn's absence. But, they're screwups and if they bench Grant now everyone will know he can't even get time on a tanking team which means no one is going to trade for him. In conclusion, Fire GarPax.
yeah but Archie sucks, would rather have a 2-guard playing out of position than either Grant or Archie out there at this point.  
I say you're all wrong. Lauri is the next MJ.
Warriors will soon want to dump FakeKD, Igoudala and a first on us for Lauri and GarPax will let it happen :(
His game is nothing like KG's
if anything KP's game is almost the same as KG's but tbh both are inefficient as fuck compared to Lauri or Dirk or KD.
FIRST 20 POINT GAME FOR LAVINE AS A BULL!!!
We need some Kris!! God damn looked pathetic tonight!
WE GOT TIT FUCKED
Final score: Grant 25 min, -22; Archy 17 min, + 15. Somehow I've got the feeling Fred's got his priorities wrong...
Markkanen 38% from the field tonight, FFS....

At least LaVine dropped 21.
Fuck the tank people rethinking their opinions after watching that game: https://i.imgur.com/0Lkk638.gifv
I prefer to see Archy play over Grant. Payne was rather Payneful To Watch in Summer League, but who knows - maybe he has secretly improved. He can't be much worse than Grant, though.
No one could run the offence. When we can’t shoot we usually let Dunn run pick and roll with Lopez but we didn’t have that AND we couldn’t shoot 
So? Give rook some slack, it's game three **on tour**, after that 40+ minutes against toughest twin tower in league  they had on Monday.
This makes me sad :(
The Bulls are revolutionizing the game of basketball
My bad I'm drunk
He's gotta be one of the worst defenders in the league unfortunately 
Please stop comparing him to Harden. You are going to be wildly fucking disappointed. 
Wiggins and Kat were also bad defensively last season
On the last offensive possession, Lauri was posted up in the paint and Grant failed to get the pass to him. Then Grant passed to Holiday instead and Holiday (as usual) failed to get the ball to Lauri. Then Holiday passed to Denzel and if you watch closely, Lauri shows some frustration at that point. Rightfully so. JERIAN GRANT AND JUSTIN HOLIDAY ARE TRASH BALL HOGGERS THAT ARE UPSET ABOUT LOOKING LIKE BENCHWARMERS NEXT TO LAURI
Argh, fucking Grant is back... Why don´t they let Lauri play with Archy....
Can someone tell Hoiberg that Grant sucks?
You know a player sucks when fans want Cameron Payne over him
I'm just here to hate on Grant, haven't even watched the game.
Cutting a meatpie is a form of declaring war against Australia 
Omfg. 

Bobby is quicker and less scared to throw it into the post than Horace’s nephew and Justin. Fucking pathetic 
This has been an ugly half, can't complain we're only down 4...welp make that 7.
Grant sucks
Man what happened to the ball movement we've had lately? Its like 1 or 2 passes and a shot. Either we just aint got it this game or Dunn is undervalued
wtf is this halftime show

half these chicks look like they never danced or excercised a day in their life
This game is hard to watch.
Holy shit this is sloppy for everyone 
neil and stacey are so oblivious his finger is fucked up are they blind ?
Portis grabbed the OREB and everybody on our team was fucking surprised like we got a fucking OReb? 
This is how I was expecting watching the bulls to be at the start of the season. It's painful to watch.
Fucking ben simmons. How dare he drops triple double on us. 
Just casually walking with a dislocated finger.
how the fuck did he manage to do that on a layup
We just gonna ignore Lauri all game??
WE'RE GETTING TIT FUCKED
this is sad as fuck mane 
We can explain however we can, and we have lot to improve, but even with slightly normal shooting on 1st half, this game would be even. Oh my gosh, that was ugly shooting as ever.
Why tf is Lauri not in this game? Hasn’t played at all this quarter 
Embid looks slow as shit.
At least Lauri is getting a bunch of looks and play calls to get the ball in his hands
Why bring Grant back in? :( Shoulda left Bobby in the game too. 
Starters look terrible.
I want Grant out there so we can finally trade em.



My playoffs hope are all lost when KD went down.


Can’t wait until Feb 8


I desperately want 
No Lauri the entire 4th?!! Wtf
jerian grant is probably one of the least athletic pg in his 20s thats ive ever seen.
Yo why we bad right now
Neil Funk saying "way off" when it's a normal missed shot fucking irritates the shit out of me. He's gotta go. 
Yo Fred. Grant sucks. Either take him out or tell him to give Lauri the cunting ball. Bitch.
http://www.trendsandlife.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/Philadelphia-look.png Even he is so sorry. That WAS embarrassing.
so embarassing, wtf are they thinking?!?!
Neil is blind as fuck tbh...he’s like legitimately too old to be commentating tbh...
IS THIS...BOBBY’S BREAKOUT GAME????
No timeline afaik. I'd guess at least three weeks.
Lauri can't handle these away tours yet. Visibly dragging his feet compared to Hawks game and before that.
Just kinda been cold all game. Also Embiid is a monster on defense.
Shooting horribly, combined with the guys who are shooting horribly continuing to shoot.
he ice cold doe 
Archie (like the comics) Dee (like the letter) Ack (like Chance the Rapper’s adlib) ano (like a drunk dude saying I know)
Dude, fuck yes.
When is the game going the played??
I wonder if the Butler stans will admit that Butler was a terrible teammate that made us run an archaic offense. 
sounds like jimmy was tired of niko either not putting in the work or playing like a little bitch.
Cuppy4coffee: "Hey Jimmy can I get those draws you're wearing after the game???

Jimmy Butler: https://i.imgur.com/RMTl3P8.gifv
right? "terrible teammate that made us run an archaic offense" is why he's doing so well in Minnesota I suppose 
they *were* acting like bitches. but I'm not talking about character, I'm talking about game. jimmy worked his ass off to get to where he is. Niko was wildly inconsistent. get in the fucking gym and do some work. if you did, play like it.
This dude legit blaming Cleveland's troubles on a washed up Wade. You've got to be kidding me.

Sorry dude, but this take is just awful.

Not to mention, you're talking a lot of shit about two dudes who you actually know nothing about... I'd hate to hear what you have to say about your real friends.
You're such a Stan it makes me uncomfortable, kudos!
Because I'm flawed. And the front office has lost a lot of credibility with me. So when they make a move these days I tend to think it's a mistake, even when I don't have all the facts. 
He's always looking for a negative angle to push his storyline. 
The Magic have a terrible coach and a terrible locker room. It's not like it's easy for just anyone to shine down there.
What, no love for Bobby? /s
i got a sneaky feeling Niko is on someone's worst teammate ever list 
Does his name rhyme with Plain suede??
> My dislike stems from his non-chalant, rough bordering on completely unnecessary fouling of other players throughout his career.

Funny you say that becasue DWade took out Rondo years ago and Rondo had that nasty dislocation of his elbow. I'm actually shocked they co-existed together on the Bulls after that cheap shot
Sorry I didn't mean to imply that you were throwing salt at Niko. I must have misconstrued your intent in that comment.
He's out tonight and doubtful for Friday per Rotoworld
Losing Oubre would be a tough pill to swallow, but I MIGHT consider that if we can get another team involved to take Gortat (and maybe Morris) too.
i'm a kansas fan so i'm inclined to like him but i've seen people hate on him for being a "fake tough guy" type. i do think his personality is pretty polarizing though, you either love him or you hate him.
I bet Lauri could get 30,000 points, 7,000 rebounds, and 7,000 assists in a single game.
Not gonna lie i think it’s weird that you did this
I hate this so much as a Beatles fan.
Yeah Wade had to be some of the worst money the Bulls have ever spent. Half effort, all attitude. 
Jimmy Butler is still a Bull, he just left to get a pack of cigarettes. He will be back :(
I mean you can't really label him a one season wonder until he actually is one, plenty of people have said that about players and made themselves look stupid
I'm surprised how well GarPax are handling the Niko trade, not pulling the trigger on anything but a 1st rounder. They've made up for some of their stupid moves in the past if they pull through on the Niko trade. I guess some FO's learn from their mistakes!
Miami won 15 games the year we drafted Derrick, we won 33.

a lot of people setting themselves up for disappointment, not unlike the lottery obsessed people who buy scratch offs every day
Stephen A is easily one of the worst men in sports, hope he never speaks about our team.
Fuck Stephen a Smith. 
He's a bit late...
Anyone have a transcript of this? It seems like SAS just said random words to make a point. 
Does anyone know how to turn on the subtitiles? I've had to replay this a few times to understand what Stephen A. is saying about LauriGod.

**HE IS THAT HYPED, FOLKS!**
I agree w him, but Smith is Annoying AF and that Aron Rogers look alike fuck is garbage too just because of his face
His show with skip was hysterical
You have awful taste and are part of the reason the word is becoming dumber 
Don't you find Jordan Maly's voice irritating? I feel like I'm listening to a 6th grader yap about how bad Denzel Valentine and Cam Payne are.

Also, I find it off-putting that they demand that I rate their podcast 5 stars on iTunes, just to enter their stupid raffle. 

Maly is ok in small doses, like when they were doing Debate a Bulls once a week. At least then they had a week of news to discuss. Now their shows seem like they're trying to fill a hour of airtime with anything and everything they can think of. 

I never thought I'd say this, but I miss Sean Highkin and Cody Westerlund and wish they could come back and save the show.
yeah dfs is a serious grind
He had a sick dirk spin jumper from like 22 feet with D draped all in his junk
FYI, if you make those numbers decimals AND percentages, you're making the percentages look god awful
I’ll put up with him not being able to create for himself as long as it takes. I never want to see any player I have hope for dribble into the corner pick up dribble then pump fake before tossing up terrible shots like Niko did. 
> 3) plays aren't run for him.

This is patently false. 
There was a posession late in overtime where Lauri screened for Grant and called for the ball at the 3-point line then Grant turned around and dribbled the other way where RoLo screened for him and it ended in a turnover. There was another where Lauri screened for him and told him to run behind him and Grant literally dribbled the other way and posted up Dante Cunningham at the 3 point line. I wanted to die.
Grant is just really really bad...
he mad a sick pass with 1s left on the clock to Lauri ice the game vs the Pistons 
Grant ruins the flow of the offense PERIOD. This is where we miss Dunn. Dunn knows that if there isn't anything there for him, he has to now create for other guys. Not try to make a mountain out of an ant hill. Fuck man this loss hurt.
Grant is "The Blind Man Bouncing Basketball" this literally means he just keeps the ball and don't know how to keep the ball moving as he is blind!
He's like Steve Nash with a broken pass button. 
He is way too hesitant and I am hoping he is not a part of the core moving forward with this team.

The ball needs to move around in Fred's offense and I hate watching Grant dribble the ball hoping for something to develop only to Gump his way near the basket and throw up a fall away 6 foot jumper.
What drives me insane of him is his clueless offensive. He doesn't bring anything special to the game AT ALL. He's regular, below average.

Looks like some Bot of a videogame.
if this is a rant thread fuck everyone who says "if you actually watched the game" like everyone who has to lean on that argument probably did but they're still dumb as shit.
He’s not a good person 
And that's insulting for Nash !
I know he's not a better prospect than Dunn.
Boogie is a beast and our crunch time O was awful. Grant resorted to incessant dribbling and too many turnovers.
Valentine should run backup PG, like seriously. He did in college, knows how to fucking pass the ball, and plays with some fucking spunk and IQ. Grant is a joke, who doesn't have an ounce of composure. Literally worse backup PG in the league right now.... WOW!
Well Grant really fucked up that game...all Tank fans praise your "Blind man bouncing basketball" GOD, because he will get your tanking results...
Stupid ass Grant lost us this game. We were in control until his dumb ass started playing iso ball and not deferring to Lauri who was super clutch. This loss is 100% on his dumb ass. 
Would is be bad if we started Valentine at the 1 over Grant? 
Anyone else think the officiating in the league gets shitter every game? What the fuck was going on this game? Didnt even feel like there were 20 seconds of uninterrupted basketball without hearing a whistle. Smh. Tough loss :(
Grant just made my day go from bad to suicidal with all that dribbling. We should have been in the locker room at the end of regulation celebrating the dub!
Damn this one sucks
Yall need to slow down with the Grant blame guys
Uhhhh I checked the score and we were up like 25 in the 3rd or 4th wtf
i mean, grant had a solid game though. 22/13 shooting 86% from the field. 6 turnovers is a damper
I mean, Grant had 13 assists. He still doesn't look for Lauri though which is infuriating. 
I think he's about as bad as Grant, he can't run a fast break to save his life. 
lets trade Niko and get this shit going!
His two horrible turnovers cost us the game
He played a huge part in our loss, dude can’t dribble drive to save his life and his dribbling is excessive and terrible.
> I don't think the antichrist is that bad, guys
Sorry, but the refs were just awful in this game on both sides. Jameer Nelson literally got pulled to the ground and no foul. Not to mention that "foul" on Grant that gave AD his 6th wasn't a foul at all. In the last two minutes of the game I counted at least 5 blatant missed calls. This game never should have even went to OT. 
Grant is garbage. It's not just this game.
He was dribbling shitty all fucking game. We need to trade him ASAP.
He can at least make a no look pass...

I know, but Dunn at least plays within the flow of the offense. I'd rather see us lose three or four possessions and still move the ball well for the rest of the game than watch Grant dribble the clock out every possession and then try and throw it to RoLo at the end of the shot clock.
Bobby is the opposite of Rolo, he's terrible at all the little things that Rolo does well (screens, boxing out, etc).
Lauri's gone cold from 3 recently but honestly.... these jams are so fucking dank I'm not even mad.
I didn't realize he was going to be such an athletic fucking monster but here we are.

I literally cannot believe he has exceeded my astronomical expectations. 
The man is a fucking baller
Why are these fucking women screaming?!
THIS IS WHY YOU GIVE LAURI MARKANNEN THE FUCKING BALL 
Guys I need to be up by 6 tomorrow pls stop :(
Halftime show at a basketball game: a smaller basketball game
Lauri is like.. "nah, fuck you Jerian, I'm gonna keep this!"
Grant dribbled us out of this game. It was ours for the taking. Dissapointed AF
Grant should be playing for the Windy City Bulls.  Put Arcidiacono out there for fuck sake.
Grant has 20/11. That was his first bad play. Lay off the man jesus. 
Has anyone else heard this bitch near neil and stacey fucking screaming all game? So fucking annoying 
For fuck's sake i'm fucking tired of Lauri wide open and no one giving him the goddamn ball
Grant is so bad
Game is over. Grant has to dribble the ball for at least nine seconds. 
These lauri passes are outrageous 
Where the fuck is cuppy coffee?
Grant is so damn stupid. He never sees Lauri. Dude stood over there so fucking wide open and Grant and Holiday blew it away. 
Yes Grant sucks, but this Pelicans defense has been suffocating.
#frightening psychoanalysis hustle 
Same, David Nwaba. Fucking beast, man. Nwaba Waba!
okay I feel a little bad for pels now they are getting fucked by refs. 
that's a tough situation I'd say 2/3 with the 3rd going in and out isn't anything to be shamed about. lets get this fucking dub
FUCKING PASS IT TO LAURI
I thought Lauri was gonna fucking kill Boogie 
Fucking hell Grant, Dunn didn't break his face for this

THIS GAME IS FUCKING CRAZY.
hating lavines shot selection lately
LAURI DUNKED ON COUSINS I'M SO HARD
lavine broke af :(
maybe we're a little hard on jerian?
DENZEL U SERIOUS W THAT?!
Fucking muscle hamster angry. 
Holy shit we're getting under their skin so bad lmaooo
I miss Dunn :(
If you hurt my Finnish prince I’ll murder you’re fucking family 
Fuck. Lauri should have made that FT
Its the game that nevverrrr endsss
GRANT WTF YOU DOING
Fuck Grant. How is he in the NBA!?
Grant blew this game HARD for us. Fuck this guy 
This game is a meme
People wanna jump the gun on LaVine and be harsh but just know you're dumb. 
I just spilled my drink on my moms fancy rug. Wow that was sick 😬
Agreed Valentine, let's fucking go boys!
This game is gonna get chippy. I can feel Boogie about to boil over.
I hate Grant's dribbling so much 
the fact that grant is still out there is insane. Cmon Fred. 
Fucking hacked
That's a fucking foul he got fouled on the way up
WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENS NOW
This game was meant to end in controversy 
Well Holiday saved the game. Can't be mad that he gave us a chance now.
This minutes restriction sucks 
i just made some weird noises after that lauri dunk
HE TRAVELS AND FLOPS AND GETS THE FUCKING CALL JESUS CHRIST THESE REFS 
GIVE LAURI THE CUNTING BALL WHAT IS WRONG WITH OUR GUARDS.
Just chiming in for the Grant hate
This game is the gift that keeps on giving......us shit basketball
This game just refuses to end
Grant hasn't been playing well but he has been in the game 48 minutes. He's probably exhausted.
this game hurt man
Goodnight Bulls bros. Fuck Boogie 
Dribbles forever again, grant is so fucking bad
E’Twaun Moore!! I still remember that game winner he had against OKC
Neil hates NO LMAO
Portia and Niko forsure don’t look like they hate each other
Their coach looks like the bad guy from the strain season 1
Boogie is getting seriously aggravated, wouldn't be surprised if he does something really stupid and gets tossed.
Boogie is pissed. We might fuck around and lose 
I'm having flashbacks to the Dallas game.
please get nwaba and niko in fucking PLEASE. 
FUCK
Grant...grant...this always happens with blind man bouncing basketball style...
Lauri Legend hitting the game winner, I’m calling it now 
i've got two beers left, ill take some OT.
You never leave Davis rolling. That's Lauri's bad. 
Niko fucked us on both ends there
Seriously??? Trade mirko now
Just setting up for Lavine game winner lets go
Bout fucking time
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST MY HEART CAN'T TAKE THIS
this game is gonna give me a heart attack 
Mark is tough on those boards. Like a Finnish Charles Oakley or Kevin Willis. 
This game is insane
Questionable call AND they only called it after he missed. We benefit, but these refs are booty
Grant has to ice his hand after every game. 
That chick is a bad ref
Move the fucking ball Grant. 
HIT. A. FUCKING. SHOT.

Fred in the huddle like “I’m tired of all this dribblin around so I’m going in”
I just spit out my drink wtf was Valentine doing LMFAO
Grant is so fucking trash I can't even stand to watch him.
# **WTF GRANT**
ARCIDIACANO > GRANT ALLLLLLL FUCKING DAY
The ball should be in Lavines hand every possession now. Grant is too weak under pressure. 
Trade now. pull the trigger. TANK HARD.
Jrue has been balling lately
Nova alum here, still can't believe Arch is actually getting NBA minutes.  Crazy stuff.
So much jacking up stupid shots.
tanking is for the weak
BENCH MOB GO FUCK EM UP
LETS FUCKING GO TIME TO GO BIRD HUNTING BABY 
Niko pump fake

Drink
We're benefitting, but the refs do suck ass. Terrible no-call for Jameer.
ooh this game is getting joocy
At least Dunn can beat a man on an iso -_-
Grant is so bad, he literally dribbles away every time it's fucking crazy.
wtf zach
This one is gonna hurt if we blow it, this game was wrapped up.
Pathetic. 
what the fuck is that play
WHY ARE WE TAKING HORRIBLE FUCKING SHOTS NOW WHY
Bad defense by Lauri! Stay with AD not jump for the pass. 
How hard is it to stop the same fucking play they've ran 20 times now?
Lavine game winner. Book it 
Bulls can't lose.  Fucking tank
i feel bad... BUT WE TAKE THOSE
Phew... This game - cah-razy.
i wanted it so bad 
WTF
These refs are fucking garbage for both sides. Wtf are they doing out there. 
Fucking brick 
unreal game
Wtf is this game again...2 overtime...
we could go small and make cousins chase niko and lauri around
What's the consensus on the refs this game? Questionable on both sides?
Grant is fucking terrible
Fuck the minute restriction bring in Lavine to run the point or hell even Archie, Grant is beyond his expiration date this game

Grant should be in the G league I don't give a fuck what his stats are, anyone with eyes can tell how fucking awful he is.
Grant is fucking trash
That was ugly
depressing ass loss bulls bros
alright well it was a shit game with garbage refs and fucking grant blowing it for us every chance he got. So fucking pissed off now
fuck grant
Grant too tired to run. and my heart is too tired on this game. 
Fuck
Grant was pretty bad. Holiday has to just drop those fts. Boogie is a beast though!
neil funk needs to retire. he sucks
Pass the fucking ball Grant. God damnit. 
why are bobby, niko and nwaba out of the game when they got us this lead..? 
Stacey King, please shut the fuck up!  He's so annoying.
Nah, the angry baby will throw a tantrum, his teammates will fake-hold him back and that'll be it
It’s crazy how people are not seeing this. 
Watching your guys game and just switched over to the Pelicans stream because of her 
Is he bad or good. Based on this thread he is both god and the worst player to ever touch a basketball.
he needs to slow down a bit
He would be taking all the shots and bricking at the end of the game. 
I wish we would've kept Kay Felder instead :(
Yeah they are relentless. 110% at all times. Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard. Il take these dubs all day.
Young team bad with situational awareness 
81 OT

WE STILL PLAYING THIS GAME TOMORROW
You can't be an NBA ref if you break down into tears after games. 99% of these guys have a "I don't give a flying fuck" attitude
He played like shit to close the game in 4th quarter too. Not an excuse 
He was in the g-league I think recently was recalled. He’s awful.
The refs are terrible
Boogie literally looks like he is sleep walking his way to 40 points every game
If our starter didn't try to chew through the UC court, he wouldn't be getting minutes.  Although, he hasn't been awful in his two stints with the big team.
What is this game
Neil Fuck
Portis always doin some dumb shit 
Cmon now, you want the bulls to compete hard every game. Fuck that Philly tanking bs, losing like that ruins the culture.
Bobby and Niko are -7 on the night. You're wrong. 
He got us into OT what do you mean redeem?
:sad(
GIVE ME ALL THE LOSES 
I know, crazy circumstance but sometimes that's what it takes for a fringe player like Arch to get even a couples minutes.  He's a living legend at Nova though, so I know a lot of people that are keeping an eye on the last few games just to see him play.  
Throw him a 2 year 35mil and see what happens. If he sucks get Kawhi and Davis in 2020.
Jabari is a horrible defender and Lauri would be forced to guard guys like Lebron if they were playing the 3/4 with Lavine at the 2.
He has a longer leash because of the team he's on. People like Steph Curry and KD are below him. I'm not saying he's not a great shooter I'm saying this stat is misleading
Is that seriously what you got worked up about?

It's fucking slang for "thing", you obnoxious douchebag.

that is literally what you did to start your commentary in this thread off. 

That is literally the point of reddit. 

You are an imbecile.
It was my interpretation. I could be wrong but its still my interpretation of that message. You cant argue about that. Trying to say I'm wrong just because YOU want me to be wrong is just silly.
Guys let's tank we might have the next Ben Simmons on our hands, no 3pt made through half a season and when the game is tight the other team can foul him for his 55%ft shooting.

God why is everyone so dumb but me?
I'm not sure what your saying here. Based on this analysis you would do?
That's not tanking.  I'm sorry, I don't mean to be mean, but my god this logic is stupid. 
>Tanking is for morons who don't have the creativity to problem solve without going lowest common denominator.

Tell that to the 1996 San Antonio Spurs that tanked in order to get Tim Duncan.
They also didn't have the worst record in the league.  They got the #1 pick via the lottery.  
Did we tank or were we just a bad team that had the GOAT fall in our laps? 
Being bad because your bad isn't tanking. Some people don't seem to understand what tanking actually is.
It's not semantics, tanking has a definite definition. Which I explained in semi-detail how the Spurs weren't tanking.

If you can't see the difference in TANKING and being bad only due to injuries, I can't help you. Sorry.
Wait.... So because we're NOT a contender, we shouldn't tank?

I hate to break it to you, but trading Niko Mirotic is not like trading David Robinson. One is a Hall of Famer, the other is playing well right now and will drop off a cliff in a couple weeks like he always does.
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NBA_draft_lottery
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^140668
People who bring up Timmy D completely ignore the fact that that team had David Robinson.  He was just hurt all year so they were bad enough to make the lottery.  They were a playoff team the year before that.

The Timmy argument is not a good argument for tanking.
>Well we aren't the Lakers or Knicks so we aren't signing superstars

That's just a ridiculous thing to say.
>Him being passed his prime doesn't mean he's not a superstar

Let's either win this game so this sub can get flooded with shit-tier thinkpieces on why tanking is stupid or lose this game so this sub can get flooded with shit-tier thinkpieces on why not tanking is stupid!  Go Bulls / Not Bulls!
Tank this game fam
I would nut so hard if I saw the Unibrow in a Bulls jersey
Only compared to their horrible bench.
He probably winces inside each time Pop takes a shit on a reporter, time to join him up with his low-key coaching equivalent.

Dunn/Lavine/Kawhi/Niko/Lauri with Portis Valentine and player X coming off the bench in 2019.

Bullieve you sad summamabitches
Is player voting mandatory?  I’m wondering if some players are protesting by putting down random names.  If so, at least they don’t affect the final outcome.
Cam Payne was suppose to vote for Bobby too but he done fucked up
Oh my god. "What a frightening psychoanalysis of myself" for quote of the year! 
Prolly all those mayonnaise and jelly sandwiches fucking with his brain 
I'm on 30's train. gonna drain hard some balls for two years... I guess there's open try-outs for Windy City Bulls every year? i project myself sign them on 2020 autumn and on spring, I sign Bulls to make it to the finals. I'm gonna shoot 50% and 8 per game attempts from three.
You're absolutely insane if you think moving from 8/10 to 5 in this draft is worth giving up niko and rolo for nothing.
You're Wrong! You're only looking at the surface level. You have to dig deeper than that.

https://www.fanragsports.com/a-brief-study-of-nba-rebuilding/
I keep hearing people talk about Clint Capela and I've been so confused this whole time cause I was mixing him up with Luis Scola for some reason. I thought everyone was hell bent on signing Scola in the offseason and was so confused.
Mark my words if Rolo gets traded this team will be terrible. He does a lot of the under appreciated dirty work that makes this team go.
*Literally pissing away assets*

Sounds painful
My apologies. I didn't mean to offend. 
I agree. Keep Niko. Take him at his word. He's playing great. If he hated the team, was mad at management, maybe he wouldn't? 
had a bunch of threads about Butler trade rumors/speculations and everybody hated the idea of anything besides the Celtics pick
cause i'm fucking bored why else would i be here
It's pretty dumb when he's a rookie whose played one year under a coach notoriously bad for handling rookies.
Stop. Just stop.

I said he WAS terrible, the small sample size can't even show just how bad he was last year.

I didn't say anything negative about him this season. I like his progression and where he is today... but since we're on the topic of NOW, I think he still has a way to go. He is finding himself and is working very hard, which is all I need to see out of him right now. He's getting an opportunity and is taking full advantage of it.

But don't try to argue something when we're in agreement. He was bad last year, that's a fact. We all should be able to accept that here in this sub, because he was. Doesn't mean he still is.

No one is saying he shouldn't be our point, but I think OP shouldn't be praised for shitting on people that said he was terrible, when he was actually that terrible.
Sure but the post was about him being terrible not him being an irredeemable bust. He was absolutely terrible and that statement held true. As you said though to call someone a bust after one year would be premature. 
He likes to shoot terrible mid range 2’s while other guys are just standing around. 
I think we hold out for the right deals and if we don’t get them, keep on rolling. At the very worst we can be competitive and then have Niko/Rolo come off the books and have a shit ton of cap space once our three studs hit their prime. 
what leads to being garbage for years is trading away players to intentionally get worse
sorry for bad english

where were you when bulls tank dies

i was sit at home watching hawk game when phone ring

lauri is score

yes
Things we fuck:

the tank

packers

bucks

titties 


Holiday is one ice cold mother fucker for that last shot omg .
Beep beep. Missed the game, what I miss?
I mean, how do any team defend on him after his post-up game pans out in next 1-2 seasons? It's practically impossible, then. And he told he's gonna work on some "unstoppable" move next summer before to showcase it... 
minutes restriction also a somewhat bad thing. makes you wanna do things faster
Well, they played one of the 3 teams that is worse than them in the conference.  

> Too bad this means garpax will stay. Pessimist in me is waiting to see how they fuck up this time.

Or maybe there was a reorganization of the Bulls F.O leadership and they've got their shit together. They brought Doug Collins in, Paxson said he was going to be more involved with scouting and other basketball-related matters and Gar would be managing the agent negotiations and contracts. 

Hoiberg also finally has a team that will listen to him and run his system. Maybe this isn't a bad thing.
Bulls playing like shit, but the Hawks are just terrible so we’re still winning 
Atlanta's stadium music is very annoying.
NIKO JUST SAID FUCK ILYASOVA
He is 7 foot unathletic, soft, european, maybe can shoot ball. Bad pick! June 2017 fans.
Serious question: should we buy Lauri an office chair?
Does it not strike anyone else odd that Stacey King is telling people to go to the gym? Dude is pushing 4 bills and is at serious risk of a heart attack.
Haha Neil and Stacey both sounded like they got sucker punched in the gut that airball was so bad.
I'm glad we're not as bad as the Hawks. They are painful to watch
Bobby "crazy eyes" shooting deep
I hate not living in Chicago for the sole reason of Stacey/Neil broadcasts :(
I like Belinelli even that he screwed us Finns in Eurobasket. :(
Dumb ass pass 
Ilyasova lookin like me in a pick up game with that shot
Poor LaVine is ice cold
Denzel could be the worst player in the history of basketball at running a break.
Lauri has gone ice cold after starting 2-2 from the field. Hope he gets something before halftime
Who the fuck is #15?
arci was gun shy in the preseason too
Lauri didn't dunk

^So ^^disappointed 
Articuno playing tonight. Reminds me of the miserable, yet enjoyable preseason and 3-20 start.
TOO SMALL BOI!
Let's show these tanking idiots how a rebuild is done right. 

In before Archie hits a triple 
Arcidiacono kinda looks like Kirk..... Even has the stupid sleeve Kirk wore in his last few seasons
Both teams wearing white shooting sleeves makes it so awkward to see what's going on when they're grabbing rebounds. 
Is it not against the rules for them to pump artificial noise during play? Do the Bulls do this as well?
LaVine's jumper looks so casual
Seems like Atlanta is playing bad on purpose
The rim can be a cruel bitch. All of his threes have been on target. Just need em to fall 
Sadly, we don't exist
Yet people were running around acting like GarPax is the worst Front Office in the league 
Blind man bouncing basketball...back to this again...o_O
He trips himself. Need to see the behind the basket angle to catch it. 
Fuck the tank.honestly Fuck the tank. I know its atlanta but we are balling
It's a 6 point game man 
These jokes are ... just ... awful. 
This fucking dude
People dumb 
I just would like to say fuck the haters. 
Hell yeah my guy! If you told me in the off-season the team would be this fun, I'd say you crazy!
same....I hate watching and seeing lopez or Niko scoring especially in the 4th in close games get them outta here
That's unfortunate, I would like to see him drop 40 a game 
He is playing really well. 

For this season, we should be as bad as the Hawks. And looking at this game, we are. But Lopez is killing them.
Yeah, I've got a broken HDMI converter, unfortunately. Otherwise, I'd be doing that. Have you found a reliable converter for lightning out of a mac to HDMI? They're like $40 and shit out on me routinely. I guess I prioritize large screen over Bulls feed when it comes down to it. 
NBA franchises NEVER learn and will always continue to overpay a guy for some false hope and then we spend the next couple years hearing about trade rumors with the team trying to dump the players contract. Hood will be that player come FA this year. Pass. 
If the Bulls accept his team option Niko loses his no trade clause. http://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/22113321/niko-mirotic-chicago-bulls-trade-possibility-fueling-improved-play
LMFAO this is the dumbest shit I've seen on this sub since I joined. Congrats, buddy! 
Bad news... The Hawks are undefeated so you know who we're going to call...
He will be gone for 3+ games. Concussion protocol, but what I understand he isn't that badly hurt dislocated front teeth and he has small concussion. Compared to how bad that fall was could have been career ending injury with very bad luck.
That kid is tough
That boy is bad Neil 
Every FO are gonna make mistakes, but it's how they rebound. GarPax has fucked up countless times, but  how they pulled off the butler trade, has gotten me to give them another chance 
I knew it was over when they would just caption  "👀" on basically every one of their IG highlights. They've just gotten lazy 
That second poster was nasty
And complained about every call. 
^^G League fucked yo
He pressed too hard and shot the ball every time he touched it.
his contract is crazy too
This is my preferred method of observing the game. It would be a bummer. Especially for the games that are not on WGN. (don't have complex cable).
Chuck and Stacy. Not sure Bill is even paying attention half the time or maybe he’s just marveling at the Swirsk in his element.
That fucking "onions baby, onions!" catchphrase is the dumbest fucking thing I've ever heard. 
200 miles south of Chicago in unfortunately 
My Zipser Fever has been cured this season :/
The hornets are probably looking for picks/pieces to rebuild.. which we would be stupid to give up. 
If I was Char I would ask for either this years 1st or Lavine or Dunn or Markkanen. All of which I wouldnt give up. But if they would give the Bulls Kemba in exchange for Chi taking a bad contract I wouldnt be too upset. 
You mean Ben Gordon 2.0? I’ll pass. 
ehhh I'd rather have him as a 4 because of his ability to guard the perimeter to an extent. His lack of blocks also troubles me. I don't think he's a bad defender, but not a defensive center that anchors a championship team. 
But why does the skateboard say Zach Lavine? My research shows that the boys name is Zack Tyler. Very confused
I think confusing blogging and journalism is your error there
Lauri Markkanen the inhumane highlight reel. 


I have two options: reporting this post or trading GarPax away so that entity can't do anything with these horrible visions you are sharing here.
This is not the dream I thought it was going to be. Silly me for expecting a dream of a parade in 2020 
That's not a dream. That's a fucking nightmare. 
lauri for ayton + vucevic? not too ridiculous..
Don't put that evil on us!
DONT YOU PUT THIS EVIL ON US OP !!!
**FUCKING** **NO**
Awful idea, doesn't mix well with our current action plan/trajectory at all.
Not just a "no", more like a "DAMN AW HELL NAW!"
Another clueless, awful trade idea post lol. These are THE WORST. 
He's in the wrong system. OKC makes no sense. 3 ball dominant guys who don't mesh together.
He's been in the wrong system on what 2... maybe 3 teams now?  Melo a) is inconsistent, b) hardly plays defense, c) dominates the ball/doesnt set up teammates, d) seems like a poor teammate/leader, and e) is old.  Imo hes exactly in the role he needs to be in at OKC, at least in terms of pecking order, and he needs to just accept it and adjust his game and expectations.
It is what it is, sorry
The crazy thing is Markelle Fultz makes Payne look like Steph Curry.
Jordan Maly was taking shots at you and this post on the latest episode. He even called Cam Payne the worst NBA players in the league. How pathetic.

Honestly, Maly and his little boy voice needs to grow up and get the fuck off the airwaves. No one gives a fuck about him and his shitty takes. Matt peck is cool. 

Jordan Maly, if you're reading this, and I know you are, do us all a favor and give your job to literally anyone else. 

#FireMaly
Fg% is a terrible stat
Terrible news. Tough break, he was playing so well. Look at the bright side, we make a little progress in the tank now.
Fuck
Nooooooo I'm flying down to Boston for work on Friday from Australia and I went out of my way to make sure I'd get a few days in chitown to watch my bulls play!!! I'll be gutted if Dunn's not playing!!! :'(
I see your fucked up diseases and I'll raise you [the brain-eating amoeba.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naegleria_fowleri)
Holiday played well? I don’t think we watched the same game. Dude chucking up 3s like crazy, none of which were falling. If you don’t got it, defer to your team. Dude finished 2-12 on FGs and 2-8 for 3s. 
We will see something like this photo in a few years but both of them waiting to play in the All Star Game

A man can dream
Game recognize game 
BullsTV killing it as usual.
I was really sad to hear this happened.  
:( :( :( 

Feel bad for Dunn. Wish him all the happiness and success in the world
Looked painful a f watching...
The worst that could've happened is that he fracture his maxillary bone above the chipped teeth, but it doesn't seem like he did from what the team has reported. Sounded like the worst was dislocated teeth, in which case he can try to place them back or just get crowns and new teeth put in. Definitely sucks but shouldn't affect him beyond this week. Hopefully he wears a mouth guard from now on.
Is there a video where you can see how bad it is fucked up? Is it worse than Isiah Thomas last season?
FYI you can joke about it and still feel bad for him
It's a miracle he landed the way he did. He could have broken his neck...

https://i.imgur.com/rYbgivW.jpg
I'd say KD is out a least 2-3 games with the injury 
Kris Done hurted his teefs. :(
Concussion, jaw and nose all in play here for KD. God that ruined my night I feel so bad!
Sorry for poor english

Where were you when Justin holiday shoot ball?

I was at home watching bulls game when phone ring

Justin holiday is shoot

No
Payback on game six, finals, UC.
I hope KD's alright, jesus that was one of the scariest things I've ever seen in a game
I said barring a bad game this game is the measuring stick. I'd say we measured up well. Played with effort except for that cold streak in the 3rd. I'm excited to see how our young core develops. 
Yeah, but at least he exerted his dominance all over Steph Curry's face. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Yeah same :/ Tough to watch. 
I chuckled very hard.
Was watching the game alone and audibly gasped every time they showed it. 
How the fuck is it a win/win when one team beat the other team? This isn’t a trade.
All concussions are serious
That shit was horrific, feel so sorry for the kid..
Not gonna lie, Chris made me cringe really hard. Like dude we literally say KD all the time.
[Poor Steph ;(](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28HE3E8A3jA)
I've been blocked to the face before, not nice :(
# **HOLY FUCK WE JUST STARTED**
WTF ROLO
We just pulled a 17-0 run on the world champs. Anyone still wanting to tank, fuck outta here
Lauri needs to work on his flexing game.
I can not stand that offensive foul bullshit... pump fake then jump into the defender.
Jordan Bell is a fucking punk. That being said, don't want to see anybody get hurt.
#What the fuck is even happening
Fuck it, I don't want them to trade anybody on this team.
This guy standing behind the pregame show with a [Jordan Bell Jersey](https://imgur.com/a/6szXO) 
The end of the quarter is going to be so sick to relive on the championship dvd

Edit: bulls championship dvd obviously 
31-8 run since nwaba entered the game
Sit the fuck down bitch ass 
DUNN WHAT THE FUCK JESUS WHAT 
...was anyone a bit disappointed with that dunk? 360 in between the legs or gtfo Zach
fuck
Oh well, at least we saw Lauri dad dick Steph with the block
"The Robin Lopez game"
West threw himself into Portis and Portis was like a fucking boulder. Dude is built 
Justin Holiday is not good at the end of games.
my body is reacting like this is a playoff game
Seriously, I NEED TO CHANGE MY PANTS.
These fouls are ridiculous wtf
Dunn is in an awful slump.
Man I have mad respect for the Luvabulls. These girls work full time jobs and still find time to practice and kick ass at every home game.
when i watch the warriors the biggest thing i fear is our rebuild blossoming and our guys getting as arrogant and annoying
We need a legitimate 3 in the worst way because Holiday ain’t cutting it
Bobby just stood there not moving while David west just fucking body slammed him and Bobby got called for a foul hahahaha wtf 
God damn Klay. :(
This game has got it all
Markk, wtf was that. Someone open a window?
This will be the game of the year for Warriors, because they will lose to the Bulls! We going 18-27!
Fuck Jordan Bell
I want Lauri to dunk in Draymond's face so badly tonight

Fuck I'm sad now
Holy fuck
That's how you start a game!
These calls are making this game hard to watch

What the fuck is happening?
We're leading almost 70% shot GSW in a game we make 40pts in 1st and it's in a pace to become like 300 points game like what the hell **are you entertained or not?!**  I LOVE THIS FUCCKING TEAM!
 Curry so cocky with his body language.  This is what you get when you don't take us seriously.  
That contestant was not good at shooting NBA distance 3 pointers.
Fake KD
Wtf is Valentine doing.
STOP JACKING UP STUPID EARLY SHOT CLOCK LONG TWOS
Nikola Mother Fucking Mirotic
Shit. Dunn. :( 
oh damn he fell really hard
Wtf Dunn 
fuck
Holyfuck that was bad.
i was always afraid of that happening when i was trying to dunk. holy shit im in agony just watching 
Holiday having a laughably bad game
Our guards really screwed that quarter up. Terrible shooting, terrible movement. Not running plays. :( 
christ. dunn just drilled into the fucking earth with his face. 
Cash considerations for the fucking slam!
Smh the crowd cheering for warriors. Im disappointed 
holy shit! lauri!!!!
NOT the fake KD
Valentine airballed a 3 foot shot then bricked a 2 foot one :(
Cleveland is going to give us the Brooklyn pick for Rolo after this game!!!
I hate Caspi
Wtf is happening? 
I NEED THAT CLIP. THAT DEFENSE WAS SUFFOCATING 
young bulls playing hard!!!
2nd performance of Sophie at UC this season. Let's have her at the finals game six to make it three peat!
bruh it's like someone just fucked with the 2k sliders. 
that was scary
Holy fuck nooooo 
Oh fuck. 
Poor guy
Hopefully it isn't too bad
I only watched it once. God that looked horrible 
Dunn is playing bad 
We need a ringer article that says “it’s time to take the bulls seriously”
Fuck Bell!!
FUCK THOSE PUSSIES UP!!!!
DUNN FUCKING STOP shooting!!!
Uggggh that tiny black chick has such a annoying voice 
Lavine is McDermott bad on defense
Warriors are so hard to defend
Fucking Turd Quarter strikes again smh
OOF we are cold rn
Curry has 30 already? Fuck me.
Dunn swapped to the blind man bouncing basketball shots...
What a trash 3rd quarter. They didn't even catch fire against us, we just took terrible shots and didn't move or look for mismatches. 

Disappointing, but it's a young team. Hopefully they can trust the offense next time when their shots aren't falling instead of trying hero ball.
It was a close game annnnnnnnd then it wasn't.
Be sick is Bobby could hit a 3
Fucking ouch!
Wtf
:(
What a weak ass foul 
Dunn is throwing up some really ugly bricks.
We may lose, but at least we don’t have to endure the dumb ass Jordan bell circle jerk tomorrow! 
FUCK JORDAN BELL!!
HE GOT GAME
nah just fucked his teeth up
That was brutal, and tough to watch. 
what does flicking beans mean
They just suck at finding him or they are somehow unwilling to give him the ball...Dunn taking 20+ shots? And Lauri having less than 10 shots...something is badly wrong there.
haahahah bro warriors commentators are the actual worst, they are soo passive aggressive, very annoying to listen to
You may have meant u/marcusd instead of U/marcusd.
 
 ---------------------------------------
 
^^^Remember, *^^OP ^^^may ^^^have ^^ninja-edited.* ^^I ^^correct ^^subreddit ^^^and ^^user ^^links ^^with ^^^a ^^capital ^^R ^^^or ^^U, ^^^which ^^are ^^^usually ^^unusable. 
 
 ^^**-Srikar**
They rarely get called for that shit and they're one of the worst offenders of it.
The problem with this game is Dunn and Lavine both playing like ass....
He might have loose teeth, but he will not get any concussion from hitting his mouth area to the floor...with bad luck might lose teeth :/
Dray is out tonight unfortunately
WHAT THE FUCK IS EVEN HAPPENING
We had her earlier on season, as well? mad skills...
Nah, no one will want to mess with mad eyes Portia for a board
jesus fucking christ i was dying. has king been doin that all year
that was sick eh ahahaha
we don't know man. it looked pretty bad. I just hope it wasn't a concussion but holy shit that landing... 
Worst case scenario is probably concussion
Cause Holiday is selfish 
I don't think he's that bad.
> That man deserves to start even if it means benching Markkanen

Well that's a terrible idea. Lauri is one of your building blocks and playing pretty well for a rookie, no reason to screw him up by benching him.
No. They make like $50 a game
I remember reading that they are paid around $40 per game plus 2 tickets! 
If his teeth and gums are fucked I could see a few weeks
Someone moved the rim like Rizzo move first base when Lester is pitching.
someone coming in ur blindspot while shooting usually causes that, u sense them but u cant see them, he had like 2 of them behind him
I mean the FO deserved that taunt. I don't think it was aimed at us. Wish we had him.
Yeah it's not even close but he's so damn slow physically it ruins his mental game. 
i hate those arrogant fucks
bleacher report clutched me we gucci, hope he's aite tho looked terrible 

He may have worse hops than Denzel Washington.
Yeah because shooting % is all that determines what happen in a basketball game.........
very true. fuck man :(
Why so serious?
fuck
That's not required when I'm in game threads.  It's almost every single one of your comments.  Just sayin' cousin....
Wrong again! Should I link things, or? 
No. Frye will be gone after this year, Osman has looked terrible, and we could get a better pick from Portland or Detroit.
I’d take that. Cant fucking wait for the deadline. 
I'd rather take Utah's 2019 1st, but this isn't too bad.
Fuck of Bellend we got Waba Waba
Fans like you suck serious ass.
I luv that TV show Pinky and The Brain one's genius and the other ones insane W.B.
So we're just gonna forget how fucking retarded this place has been about Hoiberg since he was hired, aren't we?
I swear to god if I see Curry deflating balls before the finals game 7...
I think that’s the plan. I think it fits the timeline too perfectly to not be the plan. If he isn’t at least having a meeting with the bulls during FA I would be absolutely shocked. 
I mean, Dunn is almost definitely not gonna be a max guy for us. The starting lineup is gonna be expensive don't get me wrong but we are swimming in cap space
I won't even entertain that idea. That way I won't be as disappointed if we don't. 
Holy shit its already 2018? I thought that 90's was like 10 years ago, wtf
i dont remember, was the billboard before or after the trade?  I now the idea for it started in the winter of 2017, so thats just really bad reporting by this dude.
b/r fucking sucks.
#FakeNews

Fuck B/R. Their pieces are fucking awful 90% of the time. 
Sports journalists who did absolutely zero research in to the topic theyre writing about? Shocking! /s

They could have literally went to the thread on reddit about it to see that was not at all the case. 
The billboard was a fucking stupid idea regardless.
I doubt he did. Hes not a moron and the idiots who wrote this are just trying to stir up shit. 
I mean they also had 25% of the cap tied up into a player who couldn’t stay on the court all those years. Not to mention Noah falling a part. 
Kerr you can come here and be Fred’s assistant coach. Bring Steph and Fake KD plz
dude bball is a simple game. basketball coaching is more about managing personalities, getting maximum effort, staying consistent over a game, calmness under pressure - things that hoiboi is spectacularly bad at. and he only has the job because of gar. bummer were stuck with basically a more boring and annoying version of marc trestman.
I hate the american ISO playstyle. It is a chore to watch as a spectator. 
relatively simple. hoiboig doing nothing revolutionary, ive watched him flail around like an idiot for 2 painful years. enough.
Lavine, Dunn and Markkanen AKA 3 potential All-Stars for Jimmy was minimized value? Why are you so overly negative about everything associated with this team? Are you just a generally miserable dude or something? That sucks. 
>relatively simple

I mean, it really isn't.  I get that you hate Hoiberg and the Bulls etc, but you're talking out of your ass
Oh yeah fuck that, I remember the Spurs relying on that quite a few years back, it was so bad but worked wonders for them. Don't know if that would be the same style though.
Don't you mean out-personality managed? out-calmness under pressured? out-maximum efforted?
yeah, really hard to get a coach to compliment another coach. theyre always bashing each other.
protest flair. i wont give any money to iowa state east, unlike the moron fans in this city that continue to sell out the UC.
and thats how you end up with the lowest paid support staff in the league, a rookie college coach on an insane 5 year contract (that players hate) and a fo that doesnt have to answer for any mistakes ever! great job pollyanna!
You had me at HARD screens
idk man, 6'ers seem fucking cursed
i'll take completely useless stats for 500 alex
That is the opposite of useless
This is the actual measuring stick for this team barring a bad game. If they can play on pace with the warriors then we're going to be set in the next 5 years
Bulls have a chance.  5th game in 7 nights, no Draymond or Iggy, and they might be looking ahead to Houston.  The line is 8.5, I might even be inclined to take that offer.
Revenge game coming
At least Cash isn’t laboring under the curse of *The Ringer*.
I've heard a lot of praise for GarPax lately, but remember they signed Cristiano Felicio to a 4-year, $32-million contract and now he's glued to the bench.
I like his energy and hustle. Bell throwing "cash" signs is petty and insecure. 2nd rounders get traded before the draft all the time. Just deal with it. 
He got roasted so hard, that he took down his ig page. No joke
Yes. I want grant gone. Open it up to see if Payne is as bad as this sub tells me he is, and if Blakeney has legit potential or not. 
I think I would rather have Stanley anyway, I guess he's redundant with Nwaba at his worst but I think he still has potential.  
"Is that sriracha?" Is Stacey King behind this? 
That's gotta be fake! 
I ask forgiveness. 

However, I never jumped on the garpax hate wagon. I'm still waiting for those people to repent. 
The combo of Felicio, Portis, Niko and Lauri might be the worst screen setting set of bigs in the league. If Lopez can teach these guy one thing it needs to be that.
I think basically any contender could play him 20 minutes a night as a rim protector / offensive rebounds type guy.  Very few teams are running 2 deep at the C.  I don't think it's unrealistic to think some contender would trade him for their 25-30th pick.
i'm hype on tomorrow's game. 
WTF man!???  I want that potential 1st round pick dammit!!! 
It displeases you that Niko isn’t demanding a trade and forcing to be traded for a bad return? 

Even if you’re blind to the fact that Niko is clearly a different ballplayer, and even if you assume he will get moved, there’s no way it’s not better to move him from a position of strength than weakness. 
Versus Niko walking for nothing? I'll take a chance on the bad return.

I'm still waiting for the other shoe to drop with Niko and for Weako Mirotic to rear his ugly pump faking head again...

Once a double agent, always a double agent.
This question is irrelevant at this point in time.

If we keep this team together we're probably making the playoffs.

If we trade Niko/Lopez we're probably a bottom 5 team.
Hmm the default google result appears as 7'0 but draft sites say 6'9.5. I guess I was wrong I wonder where hat google result is coming from
Crazy long arms like that are the reason people on here are obsessed with Jordan Bell... ;)
he is just really really ugly, but besides that im a fan

>tanking absolutely ruins your culture

That's just not true. Embiid and Simmons will define the Sixer's culture going forward, and they're clearly both winners. They're not winning now even with the talent they have because the roster is deeply flawed. The Sixers desperately need a scoring guard, and they whiffed. Bryan Colangelo and the Fultz trade is what is ruining the process.   


Being .5 sucks when ur core is 30 yo. That's what was frustrating last year. Being .5 when ur guys are 22 is coo
tbh im sick of hearing "historic class". We've had quite a few of those already 
no need to be so mean about responding
We technically could but it’s incredibly unlikely that will happen again. 
You just contradicted yourself. First you said that tanking ruins your culture and is therefore bad. Then you said that you already know that the 6ers are losing not because of culture but because the team is badly constructed.

Which is it?
I mean, the lottery is in Chicago...
I don’t wanna do fultz dirty but we gotta consider it 
Dirk nowtizki said markkanean has as much potential as porzingis so your completely wrong 
But that isn't why the team was losing. Your team culture doesn't matter if your team sucks. The sixers are/were bad because of a combination of injuries, bad drafting, bad team building. Not bad *team culture*
Damn you are a moody little fuck. 
it's a sub for all ages, including adults, who don't feel the need to swear at random OP's because they disagree with them.

Grow up.
Fuck around..just watch
We might fuck around and make the playoffs 
I officially volunteer to take Lauri's place in the Finnish military. Gonna need like 99 other Bulls fans to come with me, we are replacing a Viking God with mere mortals after all. 
the Finnish and the Russians have had some bloody altercations in the past.

Putin v. Lauri: who ya got?
Sharing a 1000km border with Russia, give it a hard guess.
Oh yeah duh my b
People usually refer to his age and assume he would decline.


But it seems he just started improving.



Not sure why you're getting down voted but I agree 
Cause you both wrong 
> Robin Lopez said Mirotic came into the locker room prior to the game dancing.


When the media is trying to get rid of you(so they can report something) and you're still here killing the Heat.


I get you Niko!
I mean it's up to him in the end. he has a no trade clause 
You stupid af if you don't think Jordan will adapt to today's game.
Ehh

Today’s era is very different from MJ’s era. If you think they can intertwine, you’re stupid. 

Edit: Gawd dayum, casual fans do come in big numbers 
Dude


Admit he couldn’t do anything. Seriously.
Let him fuck my girl 
Hold him down and fuck his face, it'll destroy his confidence.
Bass. He'll think you're insane and back up.
Some players have questionable traits. Niko palms the ball when he brings it up the floor. Refs don’t seem to care.
lauri legend was rainin threes so hard that he felt bad for the heat and shot one through the other hoop
dunk on the wrong basket
I fucking hate Kelly Olynyk
I hate it when my team is so bad at tanking that they end up making the playoffs and beat the Warriors in 6 to win a championship.
I'll just go look and see when what time today's game starts and... it's over.
Take your 7 game streak and throw it into Lake Michigan! It's the showtime Bulls baby! WOOOOOOOO!!!
This team got me fucked up! Beep beep!
Even with everyone's anger over giving up #16, is there anyone who wouldn't do the Jimmy deal now?
are or are we not tanking? damn. the worst conundrum i've ever been.  
He has such a punchable face with his fucking goat face havin ass!
Dude WTF how was the game played so early, oh yeah it's a holiday and everyone is off, well fuck me amirite? Missed the whole fucking game
If Mirotic's bad games are 18pt games, then so be it.
Both irrelevant and not actually a word. Congrats.
That logic is flawed because both Dunn and Lavine dropped in value due to performance and injury 
This is what I've told a few people!
does this mean ill become [this? ](http://www.panthers.com/assets/images/imported/CAR/photos/2017/04-April/170406_shaheen_inside.jpg) sign me up 
shit. i was afraid of that. [here ](https://www.sbnation.com/2017/3/3/14805278/adam-shaheen-nfl-draft-chipotle-burritos
)
oh. yeah. i dont follow football, sorry. but i dont think i can afford that. sorry mate.
damn. im struggling to get above 180/185 lbs. it could be the lift a needed :(
Game ain’t even over
Yup, just noting on the insane highlight race there is between these youtubers.
Enough to make you uncomfortable.
I’m still confused on the difference...
Steph Curry is the 6 foot Markannen u mean
Talent is talent. People are weird. 
I mean yeah that goes without saying.
markkanen's hair always looks like he just got done fucking
Lavine is a fucking monster
tired of all these ass teams in the east omg literally impossible to tank
bruh wtf were those on that aerial cam? are those BEES??????? 
He is a legitimately an elite shooter.  Fuck.  My boner won't go away.
The flies around that top view camera are nasty AF
Olynyk looks like he smells terrible
Holiday needs to know his place and just hit corner 3s all game
Nwaba just got mugged like 10 times wtf 
If you guys can somehow get like the 5th to 8th seed, and MPJ falls to you... holy shit.

MPJ - Lauri - Lavine - Dunn core would be insane
FINNISHER finishes the GAME!! Bye bye Heat...
Why doesn't my work have the day off :[
KD must have fucked a refs wife cuz he gets zero respect smh 
Lavine needs to relax, that was a stupid shot
FUCK YEAH niko

Fuck I hate that fucker Olynuk, stop giving him dunking opportunities. 

Dirty ass motherfucker 
fuck thats goin on shaqtin
In one trade we went from a middling, dysfunctional franchise to... well, this. Crazy shit my dudes. 
Oouch. ACL? Or just a real bad hamstring?
That looked nasty, hope he didn't destroy his knee.
damn that looks serious
Did they forget how to fucking rebound?
Whew the rebounding is sloppy as shit with this group
bulls interior defense is just terrible, need a rim protector.
some players are just dumb, can't fix that. can always release them tho
So niko is taking ANY three now again? i know, he sunk some, but i don't want those highly unlikely threes taken. he needs to make them for value then...
Nasty looking beard on Dragic, yuck 
LAURI FUCKING LEGEND 
The moment Grant comes in, Lavine doesnt even fucking touch the ball. I get so annoyed with Jerian sometimes. Dribble dribble dribble, call for pnr and then kick it out at end of shot clock
We are ice cold.
Horrible horrible shooting 
Lavine has a little Kobe in his game
NBA HEADLINES GAME COMING!!!
wayne ellington is absurd this year
Man, you gotta respect the 3 point specialists in this league. Ellington, Korver, Redick, Anderson and so on. These guys are fucking ridiculous.
Let's go Bulls. Can't watch the game I'm at work. how's LaVine doing? 
nwabas tunnel vision on the break is p frustrating
Fuck this sloppy ass shit
Serious Grant...come on man 
That was just stupid of Grant why touch the attacker at all and give refs reason to call foul.
Getting killed by Olynuk, wtf 
i hate when we try to trap
Wtf going on
wtf is going on
What’s wrong with Dunn? He usually tries to finish towards the end of the game.
I wonder who's going to commit a bad foul this time.
Was that an awful, meaningless foul by Niko, or his contributions to the tank? 

The world will never know...
nevermind i'm an idiot its MLK day
Fucking up opponents 
Yeah fucking the heat
KD sucks rn.
I think this is what we've all been hoping for. That we'd be somehow not be as bad as we thought we would be and the rebuild would take surprisingly less time than we thought.

At least that's what I hope is unfolding in front of me.
the alien dude from space jam
RAW SAUCE
It creates a confusing breeze in the defenders face when he pumpfakes
I think the white Benny won... On MLK day it seems wrong....
Lauri has been shooting extremely well lately but it's Holiday who get's shots. Sad.
Stacey with the bad juju talking about zach's acl just before :(
He went up to Lauri to say hi before the game but Lauri was like "I'm flattered but I already have a Viking wife"
Dude is a dirty ass player 

http://ftw.usatoday.com/2017/04/kelly-olynyk-dirty-robin-lopez-rebound-kevin-love-injury-celtics-bulls-cavaliers-nba-playoffs 
It's like in myplayer where you used to have to play a game to decide draft position. In 2k15 you had to play a bit shit and average like a c+ grade to get drafted by the bulls. He's just aiming himself at the jazz.
it wasn't bad pumps tho, he wasn't open, so just tried to get someone to jump and draw a foul. plus lots of time on the clock too. pumps are bad when u are open
I don't think he's looked that bad so far.
Ducking idiot
I don't know if I can even get behind this as a joke
we could probably get a late first if we move him to a contender and take on a bad contract
No I'm saying that Portis and mirotic needs to score alot to make up for the bad defense. Thought this was obvious.
They’re not trying to burn anything. That’s just how Grant plays, every game smh
well your not winning a championship without a superstar and the odds of finding one outside 10 like Kobe, Pierce, Butler, green are so minimal that your team will have aged out before you ever do.

Of course you have to have luck too, but getting stuck back into the middle with no way up is the worst, i can handle years of losing if it leads to championship contention.
I mean we are half way through the season and you’re just now pointing it out? 
My point is he's stupidly overhyped.  He shouldn't be at the top of anyone's board.  

Technically, evaluating any player is subjective. That's not going to stop me from judging opinions I deem stupid.  
Damn J Crossover was the shit back then, crazy he's still ballin

I mean Dunn was really bad on Minnesota and already like 22. It was pretty hard to see his improvement coming. 
i mean the 7th pick was also involved
I was definitely a Fred and Mirotic hater and I am happily wrong.
It's crazy how much shit Hoiberg was getting for having the worst 3 point shooting team in the league. That was Hoibergs bread and butter and he got a team that was so far the opposite of what he coached at Iowa State. 
First thing I noticed when I clicked the link... I was one of those down votes. My bad drl5544. My bad. 
Reactions so crazy he got suspended, damn.
He was terrible at defense in college and fairly slow
If we trade Niko for Favors it better come with some type of pick that isn't outrageously protected. 
Stuck at work for this game :(
Listened to this a couple times, and Jefferson and Frye were so annoying i had to turn it off, even if the guest wasnt bad.  "Shout out..." to every stupid thing was unbearable.  

Will have to put my hatred aside to hear what Rosegod has to say though, thanks for the heads up
No D Rose slander allowed
That's not very nice, what did he ever do to you?
Nope. Not enough to be a contender. Sorry
you smoking hard penis
Back injuries are scary. I'd rather take a guy like Jackson, then roll the dice on MPJ. 
Crazy they're both same height and wingspan 
With the 48th pick. If you judge scouting success on a late 2nd round pick then that is unfair and retarded.
GarPax, please don't fuck this up.
Boban for the memes. 

But I don't really care about the pieces that come with the pick; it's the pick itself.   Since the jazz have the worst record of the three, i would take the jazz offer. 
From those three the portland is the worst deal... Leonard's contract is too bad and they would probably have the worst draft pick of these three...
I would go either with jazz or detroit offer... Johnson is still a project and we would get a 15th-20th pick + Marjanović.
But still we could try with jazz offer because I think their pick would be the best and we could see what kind of contract Favors would want and maybe even try with him... But he will probably be a rental until we get Noel, Capela or someone else...

Getting Boban to be the man in the middle would also leave the Bulls a lot less vulnerable if and when Lopez gets moved.
Derrick Favors is terribly injury prone and is probably going to be just a half-season rental for the Bulls. 
I mean by that logic he would improve the records of the other 2 as well
I thought Jimmy was coo until that time he said “fuck no” to whatever Fred was saying. Not coo Jimmy, not coo. 
WTF 250+ comments(all saying the samething)? Bots? Or Timberwolves have fans?
Yeah that kinda disappointed me.
Quincy "T H I C C Jordan" Pondexter

Cameron "Ratatouille" Payne (Cause he looks like a rat)

Jerian "The Fake Grant" Grant 
Bobby "Crazy Eyes" Portis
For games where they play really bad (ha! Fat chance, right?), can we just get a picture of a tank? 
Truly the end of times if Cam Payne gets a player of the game
i think we gotta stick with crazy eyes for bobby
I like Stacey's "Mr. Mad" for Portis.
I really love "Nwaba Waba". Lauri I vote to be The Finnisher, as he's had some nasty dunks lately and is clutch af. On Crowder and on Kanter. 
It’s gotten to the point where I lowkey expect him to steal a pass and then be in a situation where he can run the floor and take an uncontested dunk every game because he does it so often. 
Bruh are you serious?
unfortunately ben simmons is a point guard
And he’s 7 feet tall. Crazy
2 years ago no one said that.  Outside of Simmons, it was brutal
Not saying that he's a bust but have you seen him shoot lately?
Fuck man, we could have a crazy small ball lineup too with MPJ at the 4 and Lauri at the 5. And our conventional lineup could be crazy big with MPJ and Lauri at the 3 and 4. Regardless of his injury, I'm high on the kid and I think we gotta do what we can to get him. 
Explains his stupidity 
Terrible trade for us...guy has looked like a complete non factor whenever I watch the Bucks. And like others have said I doubt he's actually only 20. 
That's a no go for me. 

When you play the Game of Thons, you die.
Pissed because Thon has been awful this season and especially against us.
Ew, no way. Thon Maker sucks.
I mean do you have proof of this
JJJ I agree with you but Knox is going to be a serious project. 
but Knox is terrible?
> even if the bulls had kept the pick, they weren't drafting Bell anyways.

Which is fucking dumb.
Except in late game situations in the past/: Dunn ISO, is not a good decision, keep your game fees! Move the ball around!
If you think they ran the simple screen play for Zach "100's of times" you must think NBA players are stupid and NBA coaches have endless time to practice a single play instead of instituting their defensive and offensive schemes and game plans.

What you're interpreting as 100's of times is Zach LaVine being a high IQ offensive player while you're used to watching players like Denzel and Justin Holiday, which are below replacement level players.
I'll be disappointed if the play doesn't include a dance routine where Cam hits us with some crazy new moves and then a dab after airballing a layup. Can't wait.

I can hear the Neil Funk/Stacy King call now:

"Cam, twisting, turning... throws up a leaping leaner and... oh my, he comes up about 3 feet short."
"That one just got away from him, Neil." 
*uncomfortable silence for 5 seconds*
the ill in shill
wade called him a retard after 2 months with him. the only reason he has the job is because he swaps wives with gar forman. 
The worst in worst. 
You're already late
That last shot shows the Bulls have a very difficult dilemma. How can they get the ball to both markkanen and LaVine for the last shot at once?
I got it. Markkanen sinks one for OT, and LaVine hits a dagger to end the game. 
We should still trade Lopez and Mirotic. But even if it's not ideal, can't be mad if the young guys keep playing well and we get around 9-10
Holiday tried to protecc the tank in the clutch but failed. See you guys in June.
Yes we won

But also

Fuck we won
say what you will about GarPax but they fucking struck gold on this trade
Watched the last 10 seconds of the game.. someone tell me how the rest of the game went plz 
Who would have thought he’d be the worst starter on the team by this point in the season.
Think it will be about 4 games with minute restrictions if nothing is wrong then they will release him fully.
There's something severely flawed with a sports league if purposefully losing match after match is a beneficial long-term move.
Yeah what happened to bull of the game?
Wtf... uhh... and uhh his advanced metrics aint half bad neither... ?
Everybody played well except for a few head scratchers at the end and some bad boxing out on Drummond but what can you do against him. 
wrong thread?
It was never about the trade, it was about all the bad decisions that forced the trade.  Well, it was also a little about the trade.
Worst starter, but he is playing MUCH with his reduced scoring role.
I posted it in the wrong spot sorry
Nah someone with common sense is needed in this subreddit 
not a better scorer than rondo in his prime either
As a matter of fact you are very ignorant AND VERY WRONG for believing they aren't. Look it up buddy. 
Wow I see that now.  That's unbelievably retarded.
You can’t see a difference in Nikos form? Or his playstyle? Or his physical stature? Or how he carries himself? Or how he relates to the media?

Basketball isn’t just s random number generator. There are tangible reasons for Nikos improved play. He would have to regress his skill set to return to being a career sub 40% three point shooter again. 
Mirotic is 6"10 come on man don't spout false comments.
Ridiculously photogenic LaVine
That sassy fuck 
I hate ur comment fam how can u hate this team rn? Bend the fuck over for papi now
I never said I hate the team lol. Just bad timing
fucking daddy
Opened the game with a 3, i almost lost it
I'll link your comment in the post game 4 thread of the 2023 finals.
Dunn's having a poor scoring game, but still has 7 assists and 5 stocks, it's really valuable to have a guy like that.
yeah pistons you like that niko three? fucking trade for him now please give me your pick i want it
That failed oop blueballed me 
I wanna fight Grant so bad
I justs realized what's different about Niko this season, he's dropped his patented wide-open pump fake and is shooting without hesitation.
#Kris Dunn. Throw two handed passes. What the fuck.
Holiday, wtf. Rebound. 
Neil funk is blind 
Threw it behind him Damn..
The lottery: taxing the stupid.
I really hate Avery Bradley 
We're gonna be in the fucking playoffs with this team. 
holy fuck
That was nasty
Sup guys I missed a lot of this game but IM HYPE AS FUCK FOR ZACH
Ill take it
Does Stacey realize he is mixing metaphors really poorly when he says "it's a man's game, no boys allowed. playing big boy basketball"
ahhhh im a little hard ahhhhh
That stepback was dirty
thats the nicest way to say he sucks
SLOW MOOOO COAST TO COOOOOOAST
Slow Mo Z3L
Pushed in the throat: no foul..  
  
wtf
This raptors game is so fucking hype guys!
FFS these replays are annoying.
FUCK pls get up Kris 
LETS FUCKING GET IT
Holy shit!!!
I will preface that I am drunk, however, 

Bulls ain't losing no more baby!
Well, we were playing well. Fucking fell on our face here...
Come on move PORTIS off the game, he is somehow thinking he can do everything alone...
Fuck Avery Bradley, man
This game is again crazy last minute decider game...
Here we go treadmilling for life!  Fuck this team
Zel is too small to not know how to dribble
Ew. Fuck James harden I'll @ you. Don't disrespect lavine that.
6 fucking assists!?!
the stereotype awkward tall guy 
The disrespect to our point guard of the future is sickening, *SICKENING I TELL YOU*!
Do you feel weird typing out that username?
EH, you guys should trade at least one of Mirotic/Lopez for picks.

But it would be a mistake to kill the culture by tanking hard


CHICKEN DINNER
Yea dude was selfish. Tobias had a dunk
:(
Lana is crazy. She’s pretty af, but she might be insane. Gimme that bulls championship.
That first game vs Raptors I was so confused when they were talking about Lowry and always hearing it they talking about Lauri...was like wtf.
We’re past that 
Get out of here talking about Raptors when our Bulls game isn't finished...
Usually he’s on with them
what? not sure what you are asking.
because that would be unfair
Dude even chicks know fuck that 
He played like an absolute retard in Summer league chucking up stupid shots, I don't think he has it in him
Well he sucks there.
It can’t be Nwaba? Or do you think he’s too small to stick the 3 position?
I found the in game threads about a month ago. It turns out there's some real fans there. I've been going to games for 10 years and watch just about every game on tv
Nah i read that she’s crazy off set too. Fighting other pornstars and doing all kinda of drugs.
60 points, 22 rebounds, 14 assists, and he will also cure cancer.

Seriously, probably 13/4/2.
Ensuring at least a 1 ppg average. I like it
“Layup” ...that’s a weird way to spell “Free-throw line dunk”
Stupid autocorrect. 
Slow your roll.
Tyreke Evans averaged 20/6/5/1.5 as a 20-yo rookie, and he's still never even made an All-Star team. Just... slow down there.
3 words bitch: Small sample size. No GM would take Jimmy over PG. Who the fuck do you think you is?
It's true I just think defenses guys can make the jump easier to offensive guys then vice versa. It does take effort,techinque,IQ and ability to learn d. 

On offense you can be serviceable in a role. Look at nwaba and snell. With a possibility to turn into a butler or kawahi. At worst a bogans.
Trade him!!!

Wait, the game hasn't started yet?

Carry on..
We’d have horrible defense with Lavine and Valentine 
I would rather have LaVine and Valentine than either one of them with Zipser.  I’m sorry but Zipser does not belong in the NBA.
I knew this would happen! Things start going well and all the credit goes to Pax and everyone shits on poor, ugly Gar. They are a unit and should be judged as such. 
on the power ranking scale of "worst takes of all time" this is def up there dude
yeah i hate it too. the NFL doesn't treat players who were hurt the whole season before as rookies
I think his 3PT shot is legit, no way he could have like a 40 game hotstreak. But Lonzo is creeping his way up the rankings despite all criticisms of his game, and so it might be two teammates battling for a spot.
this is the worst sub on the internet
I heard Reggie Jackson has been hurt but im not sure. If he is though that's why they've been losing
Me too, started wearing the number because I bought a random pair of shorts once with the number on it and it just stuck for me.
Fuck.
Yeah if anything this is a Pistons showcase game. 
Fuck The Ringer for this...
For fuck sake.
Fuck
Fuck yeah.
I’m sure your mother was very disappointed 
My Girlfriend's Mother is visiting today and staying on the pullout couch in our living room where the TV is. 

Being in the UK the game's not on til 1am so no chance of watching on the iPad in bed either. 

may have to put some blankets in the bathtub and make a fort to post up in.
Having LaVine and Denzel start together might be pretty bad for our defense, don't you think?
we would be playing 3 power forwards, that sounds like a terrible idea
Yes, thank your for saying this because still hate these random comments on his defense when he hasn't played single game in 10 months...hated already the saying on Markkanen before that he sucks at defense. People should stop saying things that they have no idea is it even true or not before you actually verify it.
He always had elite pump faking in his game as a prospect so, yeah.
So you’re saying he’ll be traded for another Cameron Payne? Fuck
Oh, shit! I thought it was a player option. My bad, that changes everything.
They should be taking a shot at Jack.  That TO was shaqtin level bad considering the situation.
It's not a contract year.  Niko signed a [2 year deal](http://www.nba.com/bulls/news/bulls-re-sign-nikola-mirotic) to play with the Bulls the past fall.


Poor Gobert, Ricky and now Niko ...
Yeah it's Portis, as crazy as it sounds. 
Fuck the rookie wall! 
Fuck you Wade
Fuck this guy. 
Yeah, I know lots of players carry, but ITs is so damn blatant. 
This awkward LBJ-Enes feud is ridiculous.

But not as ridiculous as that dunk
Can'ter.  Sorry, my mistake.
Starting 5:

LeBron
LaVine
PG13
Lauri Legend
Boogie

I have no doubt that this is impossible in countless ways, but a man can dream
You’re drunk? It’s like 9am here in Iowa bro wtf.

Are you in Europe or something?
> And he was never a facilitator 

See that's where your wrong kiddo 
What were you expecting this year and how exactly are you disappointed? 
In Iowa.  It's currently 5am.  Thinking about getting drunk...
This lineup still has the worst SFs and maybe the worst wing depth in the entire league. Not to mention Felicio is playing backup C and you've got about 7 rotation quality players in the entire roster. I think you might've been better off paying attention to your geography class
This is some wierd shit!!
I think the Jazz may do a lottery protected first rounder, which leads me to wonder if Niko can push them over the bar. If so, we’d have gotten a fucking gem for Niko!
I said this before, I'll say it again: fuck yes. 
Only in the NBA would the title "Epic Unicorns Duel" not sound fucking stupid 😂 
Oh just wait till Lauri does this shit every game Fred
I mean if KPs hitting that then he has a slight edge. For now
And this is in his rookie year, I am feeling that 10+ 3 points made in a game might be even in this season.
It's crazy how well he plays against KP
# **CREDIT TO THIS MAN**

My bad Bulls bro I was drunk with all this excitement.
I am so fucking sad I had to work while this game was on. TO THE HIGHLIGHTS I GO LONG LIVE LAURI LEGEND
My manager to got to see my stinkface today thanks to Lauri, my god if i get fired for it i'm not even mad

*watch bball at lunch time* 
What's the rookie record?  Is it 3s made in a game?  I've been asking this and can't find anything on it.  
game*
One of em plays hard at least.
Players brought their moms to the game. Bulls instagram uploaded a [video of them boarding a flight](https://www.instagram.com/p/Bdv5KQgFO2k/)
My bad! Got it wrong. He did break it. 
Bulls team record for 3 pointers made in a game by a rook. He was one off the NBA rookie record. 
Yeah, he played so bad today. 
Lauri put a little extra sauce on that shit. Goddamn, that was nasty.
This makes me want to jizz on the faces of every moron who called markkanen trash and unathletic. 
FUuuuuckk I want to watch this game but I’m on an airplane 
Well that sure was nasty as fuck.
Now I want a new meme of just Qpon's zoomed face peeking from the background while some crazy shit is happening.
Confusing amount of people criss-crossing there. All of them are mesmerized too.
Basic idiots who can't wait until they see a player play.
Except for Ben Simmons you mean
#HOLY FUCKING SHIT BOYS OH MY FUCKING LORD I JUST WATCHED A MAN DIE 
Holy fucking shit Lauri! I’m screaming!!
HOLY FUCKING SHUIT HOLY FUCKING SHIT
lauri is 1-5 from three since i tuned in i'm so sorry
WHAT THE FUCK!??!
Holy FUCK LAURI!
These guys are so tired. Make a sub, Fred. 
Holy fucking shit Lauri!
HOLY SHIT!
HOLY FUCKING SHIT LAURI!@#&@#$@!#*
Holy shit that was nasty
Holy fuck. He just made Kanter his son.
Fuck me up Lauri
Who pissed Lauri off? Do it every game. 
The moms should go to every game now 
I wanna see pissed off Lauri every game
What's the rookie one game 3-pointer record?
This overtime is getting insane!
Dunn received the memo before the game
Boy, the Knicks marketing team is riding the 'unicorn' thing hard
Overtime, fuck yeah. Time for Lauri boy to get that rookie 3PT record
If it wasn't for RoLo this game would've been over already.
Why the fuck are they not giving the ball to Lauri?!
Bobby gave 'em a dose of the crazy eyes, said "I wish a motherfucker would call a flagrant" and the refs got their act together
Z3L mad at Doug for taking his mins last season 
Mixed feelings: i want Lauri to sink clutch shot's, and also fuck Knicks, but then there's that tank so Lauri missing last four 3's is not the worst place to miss those.
I swear to god if Doug iced the game...
What the fuck is this game
What the fuck is this game
what a game
Man, what even is this game. The final sequences of the 4th and this OT. Crazy.
Well that was a dumb substitution. Lopez out for Bobby...on defense?
Fuck. It was a trap.
Not even mad. Double OT!
Dunn looks really bad right now.
Dunn is just blowing me away at how bad he is playing. 
Gotta say Dunn usually a beast even while inefficient... today hes just been downright trash
PASS. LAURI. THE. FUCKING. BALL. ON. MISMATCHES.
Dunn needs to stop taking those shots if he is ice cold.
we gotta get bulls moms seats behind their bench
Bobby looks bad tonight. 
Lazy Lauri just lets that rebound hit the ground. C'mon man. 
Bench scoring is 28-3. Cold.
WHAT THE FUCK NWABA DIDN'T DO ANYTHING WEAK ASS REFS
Beasley is a moron. 
"FUCKING FOUL MAN"
Terrible discipline from the Knicks, as is tradition.
What the fuck 
Goddammit Bobby I thought we said punching people was bad
The fuck was that inbounds play supposed to be
Shiet, our boys playing so fucking hard
RoLo with the revenge game
WTF is this game...
Robin " fuck yo couch" Lopez!
come on kp7 beat this stupid annoying BUlls teams.  Bulls need to tank.  fuck
why the fuck do u take a timeout there fred
Fucking hate Holiday.  
Bad coaching 
Dunn vs Jack is an exciting "worst starting PG in the league" matchup
Lauri gone cold :(
is dunn in on the tank?

"i'm the worst scorer on the team lets iso the last two possessions"
ENES KANTER JUST HAD HIS FUCKING SOUL SNATCHED OUT HIS DAMN BODY 
NY tickets expensive, bro
Yep. It sucks. 
Hard to watch 
Let's say he hasn't been bad lately
It will be a game winner 
No, but he needs to understand this isn't his game...need somebody else. Nwaba to drive and get fouls and maybe basket. Dunn should have tried a forced drive rather than go for pull up shot.
Your Denzel boner gets a little annoying 
Lazy Lauri sounds like something Donald Trump would say if Lauri criticized him 
A bad game does not make him the worst. Stop it. 
It's been ugly, man
Hes gotta recognize that he's ice cold tonight and let someone else take the reigns. I don't want him to lose any confidence for future games though. He's had some clutch moments.
Zedrix you’re drunk again
No way am I ignoring Lauri's big game. But RoLo has been putting in hard minutes due to Shrek not producing.
Fuck that, I want a title contending team.  Sick of watching average.  Tank this shit please.
He gets looks, which few of our guys can, but he's a poor shooter and has everyone fooled. Can't wait for Zach. 
Box score stats. Just watching the game down the stretch it has been bad play after bad play, not just his shot. But its just a bad game, even greats have those
U take that back now >:(
Have you seen his Wolves highlights? The elevation he gets on his jumper off the dribble is so sick.
Playing the long game
Same age as Niko, can't shoot from distance, is playing worse than Niko this year, is basically a worse, slightly cheaper, slightly younger Lopez.

Hard pass. If we're going that route just keep Niko.
I think so. Personally I think we do a deal with Brooklyn or the Wizards. Jarrett Allen or LaVert for Niko and we can pick up one of their bad contracts to sweeten the deal. 

We need wings with major upside.. 
Seriously? Don't hold your breathe.
Seriously, why bother getting rid of him? He's been lighting it up
> Bad injury history

1 season playing fewer than 62 games, and 2 playing fewer than 65, out of 7 seasons is a bad injury history now?

And he's younger than Rolo, who he would replace in the scenario I describe above, given that, you know, he's not a PF like Niko is.
This is his 3rd year in this system and system has no affect on taking dumb shots from 6 feet beyond the arc, inconsistent shooting, and making stupid plays as a result of below average BBIQ.

I don't think he's bad, but I do think this will correct...again.
And how his shooting percentage increased the redder his nose got throughout the game. 
GO GREEN! 
Yeah its downright impossible to get an impactful player with the 7th pick.  
I'm no professional scout and I've been wrong about picks before, but Ayton at 4 seems like the bargain of a century
Chicago media market is brutal.
I dont usually says this, but this deserves it. Shut your whore mouth, KC
The difference is we want to lose. And back then our fan base thought we were contenders, which we kinda were, we just had no chance to beat the Heat. 
_Especially_ because people seem to hate him because of all the injuries.  They seem to think he's doing it on purpose...
Unbelievable that someone downvoted this.
Actually, I blame Adrian Peterson for changing the way everyone looks at ACL recoveries.  Having had ACL reconstruction myself I've always sympathized with Derrick.  Trying to play jumping sports with the feeling that your fucking knee might go backward at any moment is hard to get over.
I don’t see how you can blame the medical team for Thibs coaching problems and for bad luck.
There was a suspicion that Deng had menengitis which definitely does call for a spinal tap.  Paxton apologized because Deng felt abandoned by the team doctor because he traveled with the team instead of staying behind with Deng at Rush and because Thibs didn't realize how serious the situation was and implied that Deng just was just sitting out with the flu.
Fuck yeah I would do that in a heartbeat. 
Don't wanna make a post cos I don't wanna be the guy that goes into another sub and posts a stupid trade thread, so I'll just comment it here.

Would you guys consider trading Robin Lopez for Gortat and a pick? 
I’ll wait till he plays a game before I tear down the Jordan statue and write a bible verse about him 
fuck it bring boban in.
Fuck no, gimme a 1st over a guy who has no offense whatsoever, like Ronnie Brewe/Omer Asik bad.
I want boban so bad and I don't know why
I like Johnson and agree but I hate the argument of “x player was x number in their draft.” Totally different than having a #7 pick in a different draft 
The difference being there is hope for even the worst possible team.  
As much as I hate to say it, I think Aaron Gordon deserved that one. His first two dunks were DIRTY
His second dunk was fucking nuts. That shit was straight up crazy
After making an awful mid-season trade last year, GarPax are about to finesse some poor team 👀 
The idea I cooked up: [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nba/comments/7p28bs/checketts_mirotic_to_the_jazz_is_real_not_saying/dsec4ea/)
Now that Niko sees these trade rumors he slowly lose interest in helping this team and will play worse and worse
nothing wrong with that
i wanna keep ISO Joe :(

yuck nvm just looked at his 3 point percentage on the season
Depends on Goberts health. They've been really bad recently
Yeah I fucking hate Sacramento for sucking so bad. 
I wanted Bulls to sign Derrick Jones Jr. Just for this reason alone. But now Heat is having him  :'(
Nwaba is too small to be a small forward
Rpm is weak 
Mo Bamba and Snow Mamba is a dirty combo
Just can't believe he would be as bad as Wiggins is on Timberwolves that player is useless on defense...
weak
Weak
LEAGUE FUCKED
I said this in another thread but I'm excited not only because cause I'm going to this game and that Zach will debut but also because its.....ZACH LAVINE BOBBLEHEAD NIGHT!!!!!! 
Fuck yeah
Just wait until Cam Payne gains the ability to jump again. The league is so fucking fucked to the point that the NBA should just be dissolved.
They also said his defense has improved but considering how bad it was last year it's not much of a news
Also considering who hes defending... :/
It’s really a tough call. You don’t want to surround your young players with L’s. Also, the east is looking very weak. All depends on the off season if you ask me.
I've told a friend this but I think he has the potential to become a Rondo with an offensive game. I'm stoked friends!
Seriously like c’mon are we forgetting what rondo was 
Fuck off Pelton. Just wait a week or two, we're trying to trade him. 
I’m confused as to why Hood has to be considered a 2 guard. Dude is 6’8. 
Wrong
No more mayo and jelly sandwiches for Niko! 
He needs to add strength badly. Imagine him backing down or taking big men off the dribble and not getting knocked off his pathing. It would almost always end in dunks or indefensible fadeaways. Once he does it'll be scary, and I can't wait what's in store for these young bullies
I was shocked CP3 was out there so long
that contract is so bad ugh
They can't have three coaches! That's not fair!
Ya, hopefully he's gone.  Sick of him getting us wins.  We need to tank.
Yeah, he got the ball in the post against someone small like EG and just gave up and passed out. Are you kidding me?
Chris Paul flopped so hard that he hurt himself. That is what you call irony.
I have a feeling this is gonna get ugly
Wait did anyone else see that bullshit? Cuppy Coffee did not win that race wtf? 
Rockets coasting on 1st/4th quarter 3 point barrages. Played 'em tough otherwise. 
Someone please mp4 that flop, it was way worse in slo mo
Guys do yourself a favor and check out Jimmy's buzzer beater in the Wolves - Cavs game.
sad fact :( " Other than the few bulls needed for breeding, the vast majority of male cattle are slaughtered for meat before the age of three years"
Shit Shrek you don't eat people in a game of basketball
He fucken leaned in wtf
I felt bad and hoped Paul did not get injured. Then I saw that flop on the replay and all my sympathy is gone.
What's crazy is how young our team is. 
Felicio vs. Paul. Yeah that will end up bad
This is awful. :(
This is just scary...
I miss the December Bulls :(
this is mean tbh
FEELLLLIIICIIOOOO finally back in a game!
This is fucking depressing
serious Felicio 
Slow Mo Zel 
Our perimeter D is so bad. Don't even need a pick. 
That one chick who was going insane during the country music 🤣🤣🤣🤣
dunn has to step up his pubey beard game
D’Antoni is mad AF LMAOOOOO
DUNN WITH THE BLOCK AND THE STARE DOWN LIKE THE FUCK YOU DOING IN MY HOUSE
watching capela makes me want bamba so bad
How can a ref not see a player kick a ball out of bounds? WTF is going on? 
Grant is back to being bad again. 
Felicio has poor IQ ugh he just looks silly out there on the Defensive end
This is horrible. RoLo cold. Lauri unconfident. Valentine just doing nothing, as usual. Dunn non-existent. Holiday is at least throwing some shots up and sinking some...and that's about the nicest thing I've said about him all season :/
stupid refs don't even throw him out with 9 fouls
You mean like what's happening now?
fuck yes fuck yes fuck yes
Can't call what you can't see

X-Files Conspiracy theory: the NBA could make the job of the ref's easier by adding another ref or something... but they prefer the game to be really difficult to ref with lots of missed calls and blind spots so that when a blown call happens at the end of the game, it doesn't feel like as big of a deal
Crap
I wouldn’t be mad at this deal by any means, but I’d prefer a shittier player and some 2nd round picks along with that 1st, for tanking reasons.
One example? Sick bro. Ever heard of sample size?
I saw that it pissed me off so bad. Lauris so disrespected they use a pic of josh Jackson. Garbage ass bleacher report man
Disappointed theres no “da ting go boom”video here to watch.  
Hold him out till Lopez and Niko are traded and then limit him to no more than like 20 minutes a game
Then what are we trying to do then? :S
That's was my response (on FB) with regards to the tanking too - players and coaches won't do it on purpose (players anyway.. some coaches.. maybe). But that doesn't mean we're not tanking.
I guess we owe them one for keeping them from a title in the 90s. We can get a little equity with who owners this way!
Fuck it, just sign malone
Oh my God anything for Niko. Don't believe. He's still Weako Mirotic on the inside. 

Can't board, lost on D, gets overpowered by guards, never cuts on offense, no post game so mismatches mean nothing, no vision or passing skills, can't take a punch.
Which one? He did it twice? 1997 Game 1 and 1998 Game 6.
I'm with you. People wrongly call Jaylen Brown "JB" as if Jimmy Butler ceased to exist in Minny
1998 game 6
Well.. we dont know how hard Portis throws. Could be tyson and floor any of us. 
'This dude' being you? Simply pointing out that your trade was impossible without salary cap filler. 
now i feel stupid.... Thanks for correcting me tho
Even with the worst record, Hawks only have a 25% of the first pick. Don't lose hope. 
MPJ is NOT going that late. Even with the injury he'll probably still go ~5.
guys holy fuck I can't take it anymore

LAVINE THE DREAM 
Sorry, yes the meeting is today but he wont play today
:(
Fuck Kelly Oubre Jr
Terrible comparison
No need to be rude was just trying to see what people thought about going after Kelly Oubre Jr 
I see him working his ass off to improve his game, he fought his way into the league, I can't imagine he did it just to stagnate at an entry level. 
What does the restricted on him mean?
If I had to bet I'd say someone gets traded to make us worse
Thunder fans being cunts? Shocking. 
i couldnt make that suns trade without feeling dirty
i couldnt make that suns trade without feeling dirty
Hey man, it was other Laker fans keeping them in check. Gotta give them at least that credit. 
It’s a humiliation fetish. You get off on making the team worse 
Oh shit!!! I users cringe at his articles so hard back in the day!!!
I agree that Batum isn't what he used to be and is on a bad contract, but Lamb has actually been having sort of a break out year so far. Writer sucks/trade sucks but I wouldn't hate Lamb on this team.
The nets aren't allowed to extend okafor past like $6m because he took the qualifying offer from the sixers
So the team can't have the bird rights if the option is declined.



Sixers got fucked bigtime.
The nets give up Booker... I mean, Philly just need to save face in that trade because they mishandled Okafor.


The nets basically give them an alibi of having a "vet presence."
Moral victory for this sub the players we hate were bad and the players we like were 10% less bad
this was a schedule loss, our guys were just too fatigued, in this article --> 
[NBA schedule alert! every game tired teams should lose in January](http://www.espn.com.au/nba/story/_/id/21913719/nba-schedule-alert-20-games-tired-teams-lose-january)
> This will mark their fifth game in seven days. It will mark their third game in four days. And it will mark the second of a back-to-back set, with both of those games coming on the road. (Plus, they'll be crossing a time zone: not good!).... And it's not as if the Pacers need much of an edge here, but they'll enter this game with a two-day rest advantage.

The formula they use to determine schedule alerts gave this game the 3rd highest score of the year for any team, I'm not really surprised the bulls got blown out
Don’t give a shit if we’re tanking, that was fucking embarrassing. 
Was at the game and the team looked exhausted. Not sure if they showed it on tv as well but RoLo got into it with some of the assistant coaches.
Is there any point of me watching the replay of this game?
Yea those were weird techs. 
Bad but the rest of the team was worse I guess
Wow imagine being bad at SF what is that like
Even drunk?
It seems that sarcasm have to be underlined every time nowadays... :(
You mean dont be like lakers?
doubtful its too hard to know what we are doing a year from now because we should be rebuilding. That means we are still subtracting at the deadline maybe 2019 is the run to the playoffs.
-mirotc - lopez  -holiday
This is their 8th game in 12 days and it shows.
This game went to shit in a hurry. 
When RoLo gets a tech you know everything is wrong with this game
I’d rather see Cameron Payne than Grant. So sick of his weak shit 
Damn this is as ugly as any game during that 1-16 run we had
FUCK JUSTIN HOLIDAY
Start the post game thread already...
Fucking warn Lauri when he's being approached from the back
Maybe i stop watching... UGLY
C'mon RoLo, step the fuck out and contest once in awhile. 
We look tired 
Zipser is so fucking disappointing 😢 
Jerian Grant's forehead makes me feel so uncomfortable.
This is painful to watch
Robin is mad 
It's time for...

# **ALBA'S NEAT-O POST GAME THREAD**

^^sponsored ^^by ^^no-one
2:30am fuck this shit I'm going to bed
Sloppy play 
This one is over already. Bad day to play a bunch of Bulls in FanDuel. Sadness. 
This fucking shot selection seriously
Haha, our leading scorer has 7 points. :(
Fuck yeah zel swipe that fancy shit. Someone should pull a dunleavy on Stephenson
Why is everyone making the worst passes ever? 
Everyone is freaking tired as shit. Shots not falling and Pacers are on fire
8th game in 12 days
5 already tonight. Jesus. Passing is lazy as fuck
2:30 where? I would never stay up that late for this 😂😂😂
They shot some misses, but this game is because Bulls just have crazy amount of turn overs and very bad shooting.
Meh, if we reined in on the turnovers we'd be in this game.

Edit- Nevermind I just saw that 3 try possession...
It's so draining when we are playing already like shit and then come the bullshit calls. I can handle it when we hang in there but this is just horrible to witness.
Freak out was a poor choice of words. But just don’t be so concerned about one game. They’re not that bad. This game is an outlier.
blocks and steals don't matter well to some extent maybe but dude has zero awareness on defense and gets killed in every pick and roll he's not a good defender.
He has the same defensive FG% on the season as Nwaba. Is Nwaba a horrible defender? 
Flu game part deux
Oreos and OJ fucked his stomach .
This does explain why he seemed a bit off of his game.
He is a 7 footer though... not sure where you got your info. 
fuck it lets put him at the 2

Dunn

Lauri

Niko

Portis

Felicio


He'll be too slow at the sf position. 
That kinda makes me sad now.
Going to the game. Will report what I see. 
We should have a picture of that dog for when we advertise a game against the bucks
"fuck garpax"
Dirk’s such a class act. Going to be sad to see him retire.
Probably zipser. He seems likeable but opposing offenses exploit him. I don't think he's hopeless, though. 

But yeah I don't hate anyone on the team. 
Felicio, it's not like I hate him but I don't like him to see him playing with us.
grant cuz he's so awkward looking with his posture 
I saw him at the christkindlmarket this year. I said hi to him and he was awkward as hell. And his girl was ugly
and the 7ft pale skinned beauty.
have you guys seen the wolves lately? Lots of screaming from the sideline and iso ball in the 4th quarter breakdowns
Yea it must mean a lot to Kris to go from basically riding the bench and hearing people call him a bust, to being told, "this is your team and I trust you to run it" from the coach.  
What, did he stroll into the Windy City Bulls locker room passing out binders on what he does to prepare for a game?
That’s my fucking point guard 
It's gonna be scary for the league if he starts shooting well from the 3
I'm hard. 
I don't, IIRC garpax wanted Dunn in the 2016 draft like crazy
And cam payne that trade was dumb as fuck also Jbell
I don't know what to think about this game
47 points?!?! WTF I watched that and it seemed like 19 
Pass to the wrong team Bulls are officially 1-0 
Fuck. I told you guys, the teams below us are way worse than us. We won't get a top 5 pick. We are fucked.
yeah his efficiency has been crazy lately.  Good trade piece to include with Niko / RoLo for a pick but I also don't hate keeping him around as a bench shooter if we can't get a return for him
I mean he had a career high for points, but his game against Philly last month was crazy. The dude litterally has clutch genes.
That being said, niko isn't terrible at it either
He does this when he notices the defender ignores him, usually some defenders on opponents just stick on him 24/7 whatever else is happening.
Fuck
Maybe zipser gets less minutes, grant takes zipsers minutes in a small line up and cam Payne comes off the bench as the PG 
Lopez. We need to get serious about this tank. 
Looks like a grilled chicken salad and the hopes and dreams of every other tanking team
This is prime example of how hard it will be to guard Lauri 
FUCK YEAH MARKKY
That was dirty. Dunn passed it to Holiday then walked back as soon as holiday shot. Talk about swag
Game. 
wait wtf happened i look at my phone for a minute and we're suddenly up 2?
HOLY FUCK LORY
wtf r u idiots doing
I hate the foul parade part of the game.
No! Our secret weakness, inbounding the ball
HOLY SHIT!! We will not tank this!!
I dont care about the tank if we lose this it'd be a fucking alltime choke
Game!
Oh my fucking god.
Jesus fucking Christ this is so sad
Its depressing watching Dirk on defense 
Refs just gonna let the Mavs hold and slap all game?
DSJ is a fucking magician
Ugh listening to Derek and Mark instead of Neil and Stacey is a nightmare. But its the only stream that is working for me :(
Are the Bulls seriously just not on TV?
Aw man this damn stream is behind, spoiler...
That 5th foul call on Zipser was HORRIBLE. I don’t know what the hell the refs saw.
I feel like every wide open shot Grant takes he manages to miss badly
Watching Dirk try to move around is really depressing tbh
That dude powell needs some braces I mean god damn 
fuck come on mannnnnnnn no OT 
Deadass funniest game ive seen in a while
"players don't tank" - people not watching this game
I got so much shit for saying the Mavs announcers were terrible in the r/nba thread...granted, I was being a little shit, but I do think they've been pretty bad tonight
I mean their announcers lie to themselves and their audience every foul called against them during this stretch.
Man he's really hated on
He is inefficient. This one game doesn't change that. I'm not hating. 
Yeah wtf
It's beyond annoying and they're obsessed with it. Like an open, in rhythm 3 point shooter who hits 40% should just be like "Nah, no rebounders" when maybe 1-2 3s are rebounded by us in 100 possessions. 
NBC sports Chicago plus, probably online too.. got bumped by the Blackhawks game 
basically all advance stats prefer Grant, he runs a shitty offense but he can make shots at least idk
I dunno, it seems like a worthless thing to bring up at this stage of his development. DSJ is a rookie and Dunn is in his second year, but still DSJ is shooting 39% and 33% from 3 and an assist to TO ratio of less than 2. No one is writing slam articles about DSJ not being a quality player. 
Which is ridiculous because the hawks are doing shitty too
It might be too early but its a TERRIBLE contract. 


Pre game Dirk: https://i.pinimg.com/originals/35/e2/17/35e217589bd271c3de006ce5e1cc9630.jpg
Shut it down! Let’s go home!
Post game Dirk, after Lauri treatment:
https://thumbs.gfycat.com/MiniatureSplendidApatosaur-max-1mb.gif
Blazers fan here. We are a painfully mediocre team this season and desperately need some scoring at the forward position. What would it take to get Mirotic from you guys? He seems to be messing up your tanking plans haha
Can we please fucking please package zipser 
I’d love to see a lineup of Niko/Lauri/Dunn/Lavine/Nwaba. Dunn and Nwaba do the dirty work and the other three just fucking bomb threes. 
Tony Snell makes something like 11.5 million a year, I don't see anything wrong with keeping Niko for 15 whether he's the guy you're building around or not.
I don't see the rationale behind paying Markkanen's backup $15+ million
I will take inefficiency from a guy who was borderline unplayable 8 months ago. 
The doncic hate on this sub is so real. I would have thought the stigma against euros wouldn’t have been as bad after everyone here made an ass of themselves when Lauri was picked. 
Dude I wouldn’t trust our FO to figure out the bad guy in a scooby doo episode
Trade Niko or dominate the league by having 2 bigs who can post up and launch threes on the floor at all times?

tough question....NOT.
Yes that is some nasty shit ! 
i won't plus mayo itself is nasty and so artificial and very unhealthy!  
what?! pels bench sucks. 
That punch must have really fucked him up worse than we thought 
I've heard of peanut butter & mayo being a thing, but had no idea people did the same with jelly which seems awful.
Bobby did nothing wrong.
that's the last straw trade him now ...yuck! I was for keeping him the whole year but that is just nasty beyond all belief! 
Ugh, pb and mayo reminds me of my terrible babysitter from before I was in kindergarten. She served that to all of us, and we all hated it, but she didn’t care and kept giving it to us. We made a game out of sneaking out the back door and chucking them as far into the woods as we could without her noticing. 
Thats just weird how similar it is
I saw a Knicks fan say that Lauri's game was smoother than KP a few days ago...

That's when I believed.
It's insane how damn near identical they are.
This is a team game. One man can't do it all unless he's LeBron or Kobe. Lauri's not there.....yet.
King James is an anomaly. I hardly expect any one to ever replace his game. We're not fooling anyone. Michael Jordan was a one man game. LeBron is a one man team.
Except he excels at almost every other aspect of the game. Simmons has no need to shoot 3s. Thats like saying I wont consider Lauri because he only averages 1 assist a game.
Lauri had to go on a cold streak to put up stats similar to a franchise player. 
Could he or Kris Dunn permanently move to shooting guard? That would also force LaVine to play small forward
Cleveland could use a PG. unfortunately this might make that Brooklyn pick harder to budge. 
I would agree. Orlando is fucking terrible. 
Well, you hate Doncic so ... 
Fuck.... Now we can't even beat them. The curse has been reversed 
Couldn’t catch the game, but I’m confused at the box score.  Dunn only two points?  Justin Holiday with 26?  Delon Wright with the 25 piece?  Sheesh.
Fuck yeah protect the tank guys!
Just look at the game +/- for toronto bench. Our bench just sucked tonight. 
Casual observations: Bobby must have been dared not to pass. Mirotic held the ball a lot too...
Why? You want this team to be bad after all?
get that cheesy flair outta here fam
Find some sucker to trade him to. 
Wait, had he okayed a game for them yet, and is there any footage?  How come you can't find videos if Windy City bulls games or highlights?
DeRozan with a 3 point shot

the league is fucked
Delon Wright is running this game rn
Lauri is playing extremely dirty tonight. 
Ugh my stream keeps buffering :(
Neil Funk is confusing me because of Lowry-Lauri
Oh my God what the fuck is this shitfest
We are guarding terribly against drives holy shit....
awful 4th
We competed for 3 quarters and could have won this game but I don't know why the defense collapsed that badly. Still, I had fun watching our guys.
TIL 99% of this sub illegally streams the games. 
idk why Toronto gave J. Wayne Gacy a chance to manage but I hope our boys show them we're not ok with it.
Typically I’m all about the tank but fuck Dwayne Casey for taking Fred’s Coach of the Month award. Let’s take this W
my stream is garbage :(
GentiStream is usually spot on smh
Crap
Crap
Holiday fucking sucks

Don't take those bad threes lauri, u lose the game cause of those
FUCK
can't believe i have to listen to that crap today due to this mass stream outage
R/nba would jizz all over just like they’ve been doing with fucking derozan the last few days. 
zipser is so useless
Homie tried to do a flare and just failed and was like fuck it I guess I’m doing footwork...this is kind of painful to watch omg...
Crap
I mean the shot clock was running out
tbh it wasn't the WORST look in the world
You may have meant r/nba instead of R/nba.
 
 ---------------------------------------
 
^^^Remember, *^^OP ^^^may ^^^have ^^ninja-edited.* ^^I ^^correct ^^subreddit ^^^and ^^user ^^links ^^with ^^^a ^^capital ^^R ^^^or ^^U, ^^^which ^^are ^^^usually ^^unusable. 
 
 ^^**-Srikar**
the illegal streams are streams of league pass
And it's our broadcast so why would we change it for confused visiting fans? 
Bad bot
League fucked
Rooting for this kid. I’ll never understand the hate he has received here. 
Dunn's stat line his rookie season was worse and look how he's doing now. 

All that matters is the eye test.


Yeah Dunn played good D his rookie year, was a star at Providence and has elite athleticism. Payne has been in the NBA an extra yer, isnt an elite athlete, and has worse numbers than Dunn. Also, the eye test shows an unathletic (relative to the NBA), mediocre passer, bad scorer, mediocre shooter, bad defender. But, feel free to keep defending GarPax. Even last year, it was apparent Dunn had NBA athleticism and defense, with Payne its neither, he doesnt even go off in the G-League like Blakeney. He blows, he's one of the worst NBA-affiliated players in existence, he's worse than Felicio.
His numbers are completely mediocre. What was he? 5th overall pick? He’s a bust. 
Mediocre doesn't equal bust and he was the 11th pick. You are just showing complete ignorance and stupidity.
Dwane Casey is actually an awful coach too
One has but to look at the Sixers to discern what/how long it can take to get dividends paid out from deciding to be horrible.

I'll take our team 10/10 every day. Fuck a tank.
The problem with tanking is that we’ve seen it fail across the board in more sports than actually work. The Kings are still terrible. Boogie was there for what, 6 years? They won 30 something games once. 


Because they unearthed NBA phenoms Robert Covington and TJ McConnell by being intentionally shitty?

No idea why the Sixers get slurped like they do, they're still a pathetic organization.
Thank you! If a fringe playoff team is my payoff for watching historically bad basketball, I'd be livid. Shit, those bad Bulls years after Jordan yielded a 2nd round exit. 
If 28 wins nets us the 9th pick that would imply a historically awful NBA for this season.
These hosers don't know how bad they're about to get it.

Giving coach of the month to Casey instead of my boy Fred?
Mirotić has been upgraded from Questionable to Probable for tonight's game with a rib issue. (BBQ) 
7th worst record in the NBA. Let's rev up the tank boys.
But we can lose too, and I'm not that unhappy.
Your video didn’t show it actually being used as a stand.  The base of the phone holding portion is curved as well, not sure if that will have an affect on the functionality of this stand.
Still think he's sitting 5th at worst. Ahead of Bamba, maybe behind Trae Young at this rate.
I was skeptical until I read this
Draft reform starts at 2019.

I'm not ure of this but..

Basically top 3 worst team would each get 14% chance. If I'm correct, 4th to 14th worst would get 2% less chance for each pick.


14% is basically a meh... I can't tell the difference between that and let say 8% or 6% in favorable chance.
Too early to pretend to know where we pick. 2.5 games out of worst in the league. 
His one on one defense is atrocious.
Ben  Simmons is a 6’10 point guard so not really sure how you can make that comparison 
Sorry Zel is Denzel Valentine. Izzo always called him Zel when he was at MSU and I just kinda picked it up. 
It is a wrong approach IMO.


But I'm not the GM.
I got the feeling too, since his foot speed is not good.
Chris Paul was insanely athletic. Before his injury in NO, he was yammin on folks as a 6 foot PG with elite speed
the point is that if you're slow you're not beating the defense coast to coast, so the fact that hes doing it is itself evidence of his speed eith the ball. 
Simmons does not guard forwards dude. Watch a fucking game.
BS calls and not reviewed during the game. 
I wish Napier hadn’t rubbed Dunn the wrong way. 
Now try saying it with the Elmer Fudd voice...this shit just wrubs me the wrong way...Lol ...but seriously I feel y'all
There was a tracking number. It took like 6 weeks but that's because I was in Austria at the time. In the US epackets from china usually take like a month 
fuck tanking. 
I think no one "asks" for a  "process" it just happens because of how hard it is to get a generational talent that pans out. I mean look at the franchise changers drafted in the last couple of drafts. Curry, Giannis, Harden, Westbrook were all in varying spots in the lottery none of which was the no.1 or 2 pick. I think we might run the risk of being trapped in a cycle like Philly 
Fucking loser mentality...Fuck the tank!!! Mirotic to cavs!!!
It's the goal but if you're a fan that only derives enjoyment from a team championship, you're gonna be disappointed for a long long time 
I would rather attempt to get generational talent than develop what I don’t think is generational talent. Even so, just because you are losing doesn’t necessarily mean your team just outright stops developing
But you need to realize you can't infer like this. And they had tons of bad injuries
Regardless this team isn't coming close to making the playoffs. As hot as they've been, they're still only a couple games clear of the worst record. They'll have their cold periods like any bad team and will be in position for a high pick. 
I would hope that GarPax isn’t that incompetent, if not we might as well just go for that playoffs cause they’ll never build a championship roster
Yeah I'm just going by the last few trades it seems they always put an unnecessary sweetner on the deal
There is hardly any fire hoiberg venting after a loss anymore? 
So this means that the fan base is equally divided?
Reddit doesn't make up the majority of bulls fans. There's still idiots on twitter and Facebook 
It's beyond painful how annoying the average casual facebook fan is. Not even trying to be elitist, they're just fucking retarded.
Youtube comments are the worst tbh. 
I’m frustrated with Niko’s lack of playing time.


I want to dream having Dunn, LaVine, PG, Markkanen and Cousins next season. That’s with Grant, Zel/Nwaba, Zipser, Niko and Bobby off the bench.


But FO are so determined in tanking.


I need to learn to accept that Niko is going to get traded between January 15 and the trade deadline...
People also don't understand some teams are just bad. For example Brooklyn had NO incentive to tank last year but lost hte most games in the league. They weren't trying to lose they were just really bad when JLin was out
I remember when we had a below average to mediocre team but a #1 pick from Chicago put us into contention talks.
I disagreed with Fred’s decision too. But it’s not like he’s playing bad players on purpose. He stated Nwaba over Zel at half to try and slow down Turner. Goes against theory he’s trying to lose. He might make bad decisions but assigning the meaning to them is the silly part. 
Lakers doing so well? They have the second worst record in the league. Or did I miss some sarcastic thing here?
No, they are doing well. Are you telling me that you think that those players they have drafted in recent years are bad, simply because the team are not in the playoffs yet?
I was telling you that Lakers are not doing well, being second worst record in the league is not doing well. Never said nothing about the players.
Refs really do hate Dunn
Why is Hoiberg not playing Mirotic late?
Mirotic not in for tanking reasons obviously. Fucking hate tanking.
im so confused at what i want from this team
Why did valentine play 35 minutes he was awful throughout the game especially defensively ya he had rebounds and assists but on the court he was pretty bad. 
Regardless of call, that was a really poor decision.
I agree. Nothing will ever be as frustrating as watching the depleted bulls 2nd unit with Aaron Brooks calling (taking) the shots. This team is fun all the time.

With the exception of the occasional Grant/Zipser combo of terrible. 
He had a bad back.
Poor decision by the ref, yes. 
Can say this almost every game though. 
I just saw the user name too. Wish I hadn't been baited. SAD
Comparing the +/- of a starter to that of a bench player is absolutely retarded.  
Filthy, lauri... Filthy three
WHAT THE FUCK REFS ITS THE SECOND DELAY OF GAME
Yeah, of course he can shoot another three on close game, on 4th, on few last minutes. That's our rook. Show me your hand NBA, this is ours.
man jerian grant is really bad
Mirotic, 2 weeks ago: "you guys have been killing me the last couple of years, like, ‘pump fake, pump fake Niko.’ So not anymore." Today: pump fake, pump fake Niko
Hoiberg fucked up. Yesterday he should have rode Lopez down the stretch tonight he shoulda gone Niko 
Niko with one of the dumbest shots in the season so far. Please don't do stupid shit before you are traded, please.
OH SHIT THE BABY RACE!!!
 I put all my savings on Jordan.

edit: FUCK
Fuck man these terrible shooters are killing it from the 3.
sad, but tank well done.
Fuck yeah OT
This is not fair for Niko...Leave this fucking shit team soon man.

The Art of the Pump Fake
There is a bucks fan at the game that lost it when Zips dunked 
Tank changing people 
Controller broken?
oh my god fuck these fouls man
dude these refs are fucking garbage
Bobby stank face getting POR players angry

Fuck Nurkic -_-
The one night I have work at 6 am and wanted to go to bed early and we go to OT. Guess I'll be late to work, let's go bulls !!!
Fuck me up fam
Dunn always getting fouled never gets calls fucking refs
fuck i'm pissed
Don't you mean Trails Blazing...?
He was definitely a late bloomer in college so there's a chance. 
Hindsight is 20/20. Lauri needs experience in late games. 
I'm going to this game and I hope Dame plays so I can watch him sauce us up and still lose to Lauri Goatkannen
Sorry to do this but the word is likelihood. 
Imagine working as hard as these kids do to have some pundit call it luck!
You don't think every team works as hard as this? When everybody works hard, and you just have less talent, you're going to need some luck.
If the defense is playing worse, and opponents are missing shots they should/usually would make, then that's luck, and it does mean the defense is worse, regardless of statistical defensive rating
I agree about Zipser, but unfortunately Blakeney cannot play the three.
Unfortunately Zipser can't play another because he can't play NBA level basketball at any position. Our team has 0 players who can and should be playing the 3
When LaVine returns I'm seriously hopeful that Zipser will join Felicio and Blakeney at the end of the bench.
Can we all agree that Kris Dunn has become a fucking badass 
im not even mad since the bulls played so competitively against a playoff team 
Wizards are such fake tough guys
Hate this loss, can't stand Washington 
This dude on the post game show is obnoxious 
That fourth quarter was brutal
Get the fucking rebound 
I missed the game :( random time! I was still sleeping here in AUS. What happened (in a nut shell)?
KD's 5th foul was so unnecessary. I think we would've won if he didn't take that foul.
The tank is over tbh. This team isn't bad enough to get a too 5 pick. I'm hoping they keep the hotness going.
...Lopez was in the game then, it was Rolo/Lauri/Niko as rebounders in the paint.
Lopez, Markkenen, and Niko was in the game at the time 
Yeah, feel like the rest of the thread is glossing over how well Kris Dunn played minus a few bad fouls.
4th quarter was ass. mirotic continues to beast. Kris Dunn continues to create optimism. pretty bad game from Lauri
That was when Wall shot his FT's. Lineup while Beal was shooting was Lauri/Niko/KD/Holiday/Denzel 

After fumbling the ball so badly Zel got promptly subbed out for Rolo 
Seriously how does this dude even have a Bulls analyst job.  
Thats why when lavine comes back and valentine moves to the bemch grant moves to an off ball role. Guy can't run an offense all that well unfortunately
How can he go from the Pacers game to missing ALL his shots and having only 3 assists? And that dribbling, man!
No thanks. Although he has the game IQ of a caveman I don't think he fits the part
Oh god, that’s a horrifying image
Remember when this was a rebuild? Now we're gonna be an 8 or 7 seed again and fuck that up. 
The East is so bad besides Cle,Tor and Bos. Even without Lavine, I think Bulls can get in the playoffs.
For the past few weeks, the Bulls are playing like they just learned what the other buttons do in a video game.
OUBRE TRYING TO START A FIGHT WITH MARKKANEN. THAT'S MY FUCKING BABY BOY YOU UGLY SOUNDCLOUD RAPPER LOOKING PIECE OF OVERRATED HORSE SHIT 
Fuck Oubre
Oubre u dumb bitch if u do ANYTHING to markannen portis will FUCK YOU UP
Fake tough guy 😂😂
fuck oubre
Fucking tank commander is back.
God, I hate the Wizards. I don't know why. Maybe it's that playoff series where they crushed us. Maybe it's their ugly uniforms and court. Maybe it's the fact that Bradley Beal looks like a walking penis. All I want is to crush this team.
The Wizards are [7.5 to 8 point favorites.](http://www.espn.com/nba/lines/_/date)  We still don't know if Kris Dunn will play, [he's warming up and then the team will decide.](https://twitter.com/KCJHoop/status/947543324507992064)

Update: [Kris Dunn is listed in the starting lineup.](https://twitter.com/KCJHoop/status/947553499377799169)
justin holiday just lost us this game
Justin Holiday wouldn't be that bad if he just didn't play
HoIbAlL iS a DuMb CoNcEpT
FUCK YES KD
lol Funk. “That’s terrible” - about as close as you get to him saying what the fuck was that?!
FUCK WALL
How is Wall gonna tbrow himself to the ground and then get angry? (DJ Khalid voice) YOU PLAYED YOURSELF
this refs are worse than the ones at the bears game
Holiday u dumb bitch
I know Niko's been feeling it, but the offense where Grant takes 2 dribbles, dishes to Niko who jacks up a 3 is no good
Dangerous play by Wall, could've broke Nwaba's arm
Wall just frustrated he's wasting away on the Wizards 
This game is on TV in Finland, so Lauri will hopefully be on fire today.
"Sundy Mundy Tuesdy Wednesdy Thursdy Fridy Saturdy"

That's the one thing Stacey does that I can't stand. I don't know why it makes me so irrationally angry but UGH
Bobby been letting the ball slip out his hands all game
fucking grant
Jerian Grant, the fuck was that
KD midrange game is money. 
You fucking serious?
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS
Wtf was that. 
wtf holiday
Should have had Lopez in the fourth to close out the boards and be rim protection. That's just bad rotation.
anyone got  a link  for the game ?
Oh how i hate in-and-out threes. >.<
Niko has been making some sick passes lately but no one ever finishes for him
What the fuck defense was that?
Stupid shots, gg :/
You have got to be fucking kidding me
Nikos gotta grab that fucking board, man
This might just be the worst game we played all december. Terrible shot selection all game and then a 4th quarter crumble. I'm sad right now and midnight is just 4 minutes away for me. So happy new year guys and see ya all in 2018!
All the bandwagon bulls fans are back and they’re angry! 
oh man that shot fake by niko
Bobby got some serious butter hands. He always get stripped.
Refs are terrible this game
We've been missing a closer like this.  Nasty!
fuck tough loss
Jerian Grant is Steven Nash with a broken pass button.
Fuck Nene too
[FUCK NENE](https://i.imgur.com/smWKzgD.png)
I am a big Sato fan since I'm czech and I also appreciate Wall for how good he is. BUT I totally agree with you. Though I don't think their court is ugly... IT'S FUCKING DISGUSTING AND THE WORST IN THE ENTIRE LEAGUE, maybe the entire world. I just can't fucking stand watching games played on this court with the shittiest center ever.
Never liked him
Yea instead we keep forcing those early threes and other terrible contested shots and it's hurting us BIG TIME
They were covering the spread almost every game before the month of December. Just couldn’t finish games
Hell fucking no.
small hands bruh
Pulled Lauri Legend to the ground and complained
Really? Because it seems like he's fucked us up the past couple years 
Fuck the Wizards tbh
FUCK OUBRE
Poor girl, don't put her on the spot like that.
Quincy “Handshake GOAT” “Donuts for days leave you dazed for donuts” “one of our only 2 SFs and yet never sees the floor” Pondexter
I’m against helping Cleveland but if it gets us the Brooklyn pick fuck it. Let’s do it.
I’m going to the game today! This is my first game in a few seasons.
Hasn't said a word to Bobby yet, kinda disappointing but i get it
They need at least 1 NBA caliber SF...
Yeah its been annoying getting excited abour how theyre playing considering the FO might just toss it all away in about 2 weeks smh
Cheers from central Illinois, where the cold is officially “life threatening” 
Can you imagine Nwaba? He went from earning 700/month to about 1.5 million per year. Crazy. 
Why is this a post.  Awful
That's entirely irrelevant
Wtf?
Then tell me, other than drafting Bell (as a 4th option on PF, who we might not have drafted anyway and who might not succeed in a non gsw system at all) who would you have thrown the money at? I know you hate GP, and I do too, but there is not really anything we could or should have done last off-season.
When your argument requires defending Cam Payne's play you know it's a bad argument
I've seen Cam Payne play healthy. It's awful
so we take on a horrid contract AND give Niko away for just a late 1st?  what you smokin?

i guess felicio could feel better about himself as not being the worst contract on the team anymore though
I won't trade him for a late 1st. We need a 2019 mid for him. Too bad nobody can guarantee a 2019 mid...
you got me there, i did mean implore
Let's trade RoLo and our pick for Nets pick and Tristan "Bad contract" Thompson
If this happens ima feed myself to the piranhas.

Fuck Grayson Allen
i think they meant year as in 2017 >.>
#LET'S TRADE ROLO AND OUR PICK FOR NETS PICK AND TRISTAN "BAD CONTRACT" THOMPSON
If we fail the tank and this boi still falls in our laps, I will eat my Dwade jersey. 
Tell him to fake injuries so we can get him late
oh yeah, forgot about the rule switch. crap. my bad
Another silly question: why 36?
That's... I can't even visualize what was going on. Is he a bad FT shooter?
Wait, that's what their subreddit was talking about before the Bulls game! That sounds... Rough. Uh, when do the Bulls play the Wizards again? :/
After Wade threw them under the bus.  Fuck Wade! 
if they don't we need fred to adjust, otherwise we might be fucked
I hate when the media does this, it's like taking a final on school and failing it but hey, through questions 75 and 85, I was correct on 10 of 10 so I had an A+ in that stretch 
It would have to be a hell of a deal, and I don’t think we will get it.  Just dumping Niko for nothing in return would be stupid.
Well, sorry, but that has nothing to do with OP's sentiment though.
We need Nikos son to ask for 5 threes every game.
No it's just the teams shit tier now and he can keep shooting till he can't shoot no more
I mean he in the west so u can vote both
I thought people in Finland were crazy about Lauri? Or is that just a false narrative 
The entire country of Georgia tried and failed to get Zaza voted in. It'd be lame if Chicago used its big market status to make Lauri an All-Star. I'd rather see someone who deserves it make the game over him.
Get in on $NIKO before it's too late! Let's pump and dump his trade value
He and his wife seriously look like they could be siblings.
They drafted 4 -5 years in a row of players that are not part of the future and hold no trade value. Additionally they are bad at FA signings 
Still can't forgive them for giving up a 2nd round pick, Gary Harris AND Jusuf Nurkic for Dougie and Anthony Randolph.... The Cam Payne trade was awful and all, but I can't stand this one because  they basically gave up two potential starters and a second round pick for an average bench player in McDermott and a trash can.
You know, this is crazy. You could take any guy below another guy and say... Well we basically gave up him for him. 

There are no guarantees. Even if they didn't make the trade that ended up getting McDermott, there's no guarantee they would've taken those guys. It's just weird to me that people play out these Utopic scenarios. You just can't expect any gm to get every draft pick right. Because none of them ever have and none of them ever will. 
They shouldn't get credit for listening to their head coach and making the right decision at the end of the day?  They get McDermott hate all the time, but it's widely considered a move that thibs pushed for. 
Bobby punched the pump fake outta him
Try no more https://i.imgur.com/eTceWjV.jpg
GET IT FUCKING DONE!!!
I would be shocked if they pulled in a player even close to that magnitude with that pick.
If KP is the Unicorn, I seriously want to start calling Lauri the Reindeer
What idiot would trade for a bust, a guy with an ACL injury and a poor man's Channing Frye?
That hit against him was a false narrative.  Some pundit said it and Reddit took it as gospel.  Watching him in college showed no signs of bad defense.
You said "no one was saying this" - maybe the stupidest thing I've read on the internet in months. Everyone was berating this guy on here, wtf you talkin 'bout fam.
crazy DRose didn’t do this wow 
In the playoffs he did, but Lauri about to drop 50 in his debut playoff game.
5 games behind 8th seed, 6.5 behind 4th seed.


Lets go fam!
Fuck that bum aboycandream for hating on Lauri
Serious question: does Markkanen make the All-NBA 1st rookie team?
Hold that L tank stans. If you're not on board with this team as is you don't need to be a fan, these motherfuckers have "it" and if you can't see that shit, you're blind 
this is confusing 
I hope Felicio fixes his stonehands :(
Missed the game, what I miss?
Literally hate this team and organization, so much talent in the top 5 of this draft and they couldn't be horrible for 1 year Fuck Niko
Fuck the 4th seed, when are the Finals?
I think Portis has the physicals to be an elite shutdown defender if he bulks up. 

At this point trading Niko looks really bad. Having 2 7 footers who can play the exact direction the league is heading is nothing to overlook. 
Stop trying to trade Niko you idiot
weird as those 2 usually have the worst
Your point isn't wrong but when you whine like a little baby it negates anything you bring up.
Patellar Tendonitis is commonly known as "Jumper's Knee". Common in basketball but like all tendonitis, it takes time to heal. 
Of course I would rather have a contending team as well, but what are the guarantees that trading Niko for shit will make us that much worse to go back to being the worst team in the league? LaVine is almost back and Dunn is improving in every game
Just some fake news
Hard to say. I'd say couple weeks. 
there are 4 or 5 guaranteed superstars or at worst perennial all-star caliber players in this draft we need to tank
There currently 10 teams who are assured to be worst than this current bulls team.
Bad bot
Bad Meatbag
No Dunn :( patella tendinitis 
32 points on 17 shots is fucking absurd from Lauri
Dunn :(
Fuck threes Lauri, just keep on **driving** mate!
Niko you sick fuck
Two 7 footers went 13/25 from 3. 

Fuck the Jordan Bell meme, Jesus Christ. 

Oh, 72 points from PFs. 
Niko what the FUCK
Niko gets EVERYONE every game with that spin 
I don't mean to be skeptical but I think this has something to do with the billboard
fucking superhero rebound
I just caught the end of the 1st half, but I look at the box score and see Niko at 17 pts in 11 min?? wtf did he do
I was hyped for Lauri 30 point game but im afraid he wont play since this is turning into garbage time... thanks for that Niko
Crazy eyes with the coast to coast
Grant is the one boxing out. How the fuck do you call a foul on him?
That's what he gets for that weak ass flop
Slow mo Z2L
oh fuck
Niko....... WTF BRUH NIKO CURRY ACTIVATED
Wtf tho
is our schedule gonna get really hard in a moment or are we going to the playoffs?
Well Pacers are a pretty bad rebounding team.
Holy fuck that ankle slide ighhhhhhh
I don’t have audio. :( Hope whoever figures this out. 
I'm stuck out here in the rain boys. How's the game doing? 
Corey Joseph is a fucking pest. 
Niko bout to make 20 3s in one game
At least Jerian Grant isn't trash. Oh wait.
Zipser has to be the worst player in the NBA
Patella tendinitis sounds scary, how bad is that?
I dunno man. That wolves game the other day had Jimmy scoring all the points for them on OT. 
How're the pelicans so bad?
Sorry but his confidence is not the problem. He takes a ton of threes with supreme confidence. The problem is that he's not consistent with making them.
playing without a PG is generally bad
[Bulls instagram](https://www.instagram.com/p/BdTvNA6lR91/) says he scored 17 in 5 mins. Crazy
I mean...the reason we're in the position of rebuilding is due to the fact that the FO failed to build around Jimmy and wasted time with shit like the "3 alpha" experiment which was a waste of time and a season.

They've done well with the rebuild but the rebuild is a result of the FO constantly fucking up tbh
Patellar tendinitis :/
Lopez spin moves, Grant stepbacks, Niko pumpfakes - the true secret to Hoiball is just having a stupid gimmick before you score
Lance used to be fun crazy now he's just crazy
Well, that dunk made this better. Still boring, we're murdering them when Niko steps in and shoots five threes again...
200 point game for him coming up 
And had one of the worst verticals in his class. 
Numbers have always said he's decent, just gets a bad rap because he's a semi awkward looking euro imo.
Me too, I'm still angry but, I am specifically referring to the Jordan Bell criticisms and not the pick.
Ugh, just stop, Im so fucking tired of hearing about him on this sub. 
If he plays with windy city I may actually go to a game
We talkin' 'bout practice. Not the game.
"Going to get his opportunity as some point"

AKA when at least one of Rolo/Niko/Portis is traded, I'll be forced to play Felicio.
wtf is football

also is there really a football game called the cotton bowl that sounds lowkey racist af
Your type are the worst NBA fans. The ones who go around other subs looking to be a toxic asshole.
It’s named after the stadium they play it in and it’s in Texas. I have a hard time seeing how that’s racist.
Well that's embarrassing. For the organization, not you. But you have a real weird keepsake.
Question to anyone who has gone to a Windy City game. How is it? How does it it compare to a game at the UC?
> Question to anyone who has gone to a Windy City game. How is it? How does it it compare to a game at the UC?

I would like to know as well. I'm mean i'm 10 minutes from the Sears Centre and I haven't made it there yet. 
Maybe security can hold on to it for you? 
I went to a game a few years ago and my friend had some novelty costume on, wouldn't let him in with it on so they took it and told us to pick it up at the end of the game. 
Idk if that will work for you, every security officer is different. 
It's too late to apologize, it's too laaaate
Disagree, stars are really hard to get if you don’t draft them. 
Poor guy!
Fuck Wade
I hate that casual bulls fans seem to take their Garpax anger out on the players and Hoiberg. Twitter is filled with them currently.
I think the performance of the current roster that they constructed and the masses shit all over, at least in my mind, has earned them some time to keep proving everyone wrong. 
I bet Thibs had Jimmy circling that date for at least 40 minutes if not more
Why dad got that circled? :(
> I bet Thibs had Jimmy circling that date for at least ~~40~~ 48 minutes if not ~~more~~ OT
I happened to be at this game, and poorly recorded the game winner. 

Excuse my retarded screaming. I didn’t know what to do with myself at that moment. 

https://streamable.com/kpcqp
This man was a fucking killer. 
When are the Jimmy topics going to end on here? We made a franchise saving move to trade him. Move the fuck on. 
Man, if somebody did this to MJ he'd go insane and drop 60 the next time they met up. Lauri is truly playing with fire.
Difficult to joke here...
Not sure he had a place in hoiball
There’s not many teams that can add the talent and take on some atrocious contracts though. 
he means that asiks contract is so bad that the Pels would have to give up a first just to get rid of him. He thinks that they would have to include another asset if we were to throw in mirotic as well. 
What the fuck we're defensive gods
i watched his highlights for the wolves. his current everyday game looks like the highlight games.
Dunn doesn't shoot 3s.  His efficiency is really bad dude
Yeah, it was. I was sick of your obnoxious and nonsensical arguments so I decided to put an end to it. It worked. Sorry, not sorry.
FYI, FiveThirtyEight's latest prediction has us finishing 31-51, which would be the 9th worst record according to their predictions: https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2018-nba-predictions/
Except the offense was downright weird with all those drive-and-kick moton and passing but it all ended up in a mid range jumper because they had no post presence at the time.
Wrong spot.
But he can play 2 and 3 as well :(
Payne is a bad player, but he’s not the worst first rounder in league history.
If you think we have a chance against a team like the Celtics in a 7 game series with this team you are delusional. 
No, you're wrong. Their development does NOT come before acquiring a superstar. This is a superstar driven league and neither of these guys have KD, Lebron, Curry potential. The #1 goal is to put the team in position to get a player like this. 
Not sure about Kwame. I'm sure Kobe would disagree with you. But yea, they're both awful.
They say Markkanen is a bad defender...
World's worst tank!
We are a mother fucking tough out...THATS WHATS UP
[MFW the worst tank in the league guts out a win](https://memegenerator.net/img/images/600x600/14820895/face-touching-guy.jpg)
Does this mean I have to start watching the Bulls again? Are we not talking anymore?
:'(
I would also be mad if my coach allowed Enes Kanter to take the game tying 3 point attempt while there's still like 5 seconds on the clock
@Butlerbearzbullzsoxhawkz  this is bad for the team long term and won't matter in 6 months
I was pissed off the whole time, ITS NOT NIKOLINA YOU IDIOT NEIL.
Did not watch the game. Is it just a coincidence that several teams have been shooting poorly against us lately or has it got something to do with our defense also?
Yeah, the Bucks are craving losses. Kidd is a fucking train wreck of a head coach and they need him gone. 
Nope, I mean 7th. Do you know what s conference record is?
Fuck it Dunn is now our lottery pick.
Yea we might make the playoffs with that team (which isn't hard in the NBA) but we won't compete for a championship.
solid 3 you mean michael porter junior? so we keep on tanking hard?
Let's hope minus the glass knees and bad attitude. 

Dunn is fucking clutch af 
its fucking scary holiday is actually improving as a shooter
I could open a fucking bakery with all these turnovers..
Lopez is like what the fuck dude let me shoot it bitch 
FUCKING REF
Yeah I don't care what anyone says, I wanna fuck the Knicks up.
Is today the annual “Paul Zipser decides to go the fuck off” day? 
Just an awful shooting performance from damn near everyone right now. Yuck. 
Neil Funk is blind as a bat. 
Jerian Grant's forehead makes me so uncomfortable.
Ugly stretch 
This 'Bobby' guy shooting is drunk
wtf is up with the knicks. 
Bad Dunn today? 
Damn Zel scoring a lot in da paint lately
Starting to settle for bad shot selection  
one of those days. nothing falling in. fuck. trash talked a Knicks fan friend all week long for this.... 
this chair dude looks like a really creepy gym teacher I had in middle school...
man the bulls seems just too anxious to take the lead. nwaba shouldn't have lost that ball. tried too hard to put it out in front
that was ugly
holy fuck it just doesn't fall in when we are about to take the lead
Fucking flopper smh
fucking flopper
Give the fucking ball to Holiday
cmon Niko wtf you doing, you got teammates for a reason
Joe :'(
worthless.  
Love Denzel but he’s terrible in late game situations 
Dunn is losing us this game man
Why did he on transition, when possible to go up.. decide to insta throw a 3.. STUPID.
This game is so fuckin terrible lmao

WE WENT FROM HOPING FOR LOSES TO BELIEVING IN OUR BOYS!
This is my conflict. I want to tank but the knicks? We gotta fuck them up. We have to. For the culture. 
We’re getting game 2 of the celtics series Zipser 
Just Lopez being horrible tonight, that's all.. his offense game tonight is a joke.
They look tired af. Slow on the switches, getting back on defense etc.
Yesterday he scored some tough ones !
Big, fat, fat guy...One rebound in three games. Power forward. Maybe they should call it powerless forward.
ya i was wrong
Yeah everyone was bad so idk

Somehow collectively we were the less bad team
Damn bro, you drive a hard bargain
Play like dooka for luka

Lose badly for Bagley

Play below rating for Ayton
I hate the knicks too. But look how drafting Porz. Changed their team we need that type of draft success.
> Play below rating for Ayton
> 

That's terrible. 
I have had a bad experience with this airline and I choose not to use them. Seems like they have poor policies regarding how their clients/passengers should be treated.
These are so cold
What does that mean?
terrible comment
Jeez sorry
Yeah but just look at em, they cold
I know it's knicks, but I think we can't afford to take this one. We won Bucks even that Lauri had one of his his worst games this season. I'm afraid we end up like 36-46 team and I REALLY don't want to cry for summer. 
Unicorn revenge game?
He had an off game.
I hate Nikko still
It’s been 10 games. Slow down guys.
Yeah, but fuck garpax blah blah blah incest blah blah blah

Edit: should have put a sarcasm indicator on the comment...
>Slow down guys.

ABSOLUTELY FUCKING NOT. MEMES AND SHITPOSTS ARE ESSENTIAL TO TANKING CULTURE
Jerry Krause tried to go *The Process* route and failed. Didn't help Jay Williams had a career ending accident. He was legit. 
Uh, Curry was a turnstile on defense and a black hole on offense. He put up mostly meaningless numbers. His heart condition is unfortunate, though.
Jokic is a poor man's Mirotic
Nikola as the poor man’s threekola
.... what does that mean?
Let’s not get crazy 
If you're in Milwaukee or Chicago I think you guys need it! During the game I looked up and saw that it was -17 degrees in Milwaukee! Quite different to here in AUS hah 
it's quite cold but we'll manage aha
The bucks will always be in our shadow. Fuck you Giannis I'll never forget you pushing uncle mike into the stands
And then Bucks fans hate Mike after that series lmao

Fuck the Bucks
Zach back soon which moves holiday to the bench 
Geez we are going to be a scary mismatch 
I can’t wait for like a Middleton/Dunn rivalry to develop and for Dunn to go the fuck off against the Bucks every game for like the next 14 years. 
The Lost Boys do it again. Fuck the bucks. Fuck Giannis. 
I gotta say they impress me a lot how they've been playing the past 3 weeks or so
Dunn and Mirotic are the leaders of Bulls at this point.
Game Highlights: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl-YudqbMIE
Can we talk about how blind Neil and Stacey were? Middleton elbowed Dunn in the temple. How did they not see that?
Aka the Mike Dunleavy game
Bitch he's gonna get a max, fuck tanking
I hated that wade signing. All ego, no heart. 
32 million guaranteed unfortunately. 
Damn, that’s gonna he tough, I’ve called him that since he was a sophomore. 
CHICAGO AND DETROIT SHARE A BOND, WE FUCKING HATE EACH OTHER BUT MY HATE OF YOU IS TROUNCED BY MY HATE OF CHEESEHEADS
THE ENEMY OF MY ENEMY IS PROBABLY ALSO MY ENEMY BUT A LESS BAD ENEMY! YEAH!
And learn how to play basketball... One of the worst players I've ever seen
Cuz I didn’t start calling him that when I was cheering for him in college. It’s not like he was getting national attention, and I just thought the kid was a gem and a diamond in the rough.

Had no idea my bad habits would catch up to me 5 years later. 
Oh I was not implying you did ha. Just meant the majority of the fan base it seemed.
I used to be such a hater. Maybe I was wrong... 
Haterz gon hate
Dictionaries can't help you from missing the fucking point over and over again. 
You know that you're the problem, right? 

Giving this team a pass every time you add to this sub reinforces that even though our team is objectively bad, fans will still be blind, leading the league in attendance, watching on TV, and making ownership bundles of money on a bad product. 

You're the problem, not Fred (regardless of what Brad Stevens says). 
It wouldn't change your wrong opinion. 
I'm not defending Thibs. I'm just saying that you can't point to a single game for support of any argument. 
we fleeced the fuck outta the Wolves Dunn is the motherfucking TRUTH!
**KRIS DUNN IS A MOTHER FUCKING BULL**
Wtf kriss dunn just put giannis on skates
dunn is a fucking savage at the end of games
Bango is a weak af mascot
Sorry, my master screwed up. We back now!
Fuck these clowns! Daddy will always be a little stronger smh. SEE RED!
You just don't fuck with my dude KD
Dunn completely dodged that and they still fucking called it....
KD moves to basket smoother every single game. 
Fuck Middleton. He elbowed Dunn in the face. How the fuck is that an ejection?
I really like our lineup. With the exception of rolo, we can almost switch on any screen and not be too awful
Fuck da bucks
Ref's blind af tonight
Damn that niko three woulda been sick
If we keep playing like this we're not gonna be in the lottery. Is that bad?
ball don't fucking lie
Did u guys see that? Did u just fucking see that?!
cmon kris dumb sh0t
Fuck I’m gonna be pissed if Niko gets moved. 
How the fuck is Henson going to argue that?
BIG BAD BOBBY PORTIS
I see Dellavedova is still dirty as hell
WTF.  I'm sick of the shit Eastern Conference.  Why can't we just fucking tnak one year and get a franchise player?  Now it looks like were destined to treadmill again for the net 50 years.
Fuck yea he is!
the travels are even worst tho
Can’t watch the game can anyone gif this?! 
But Niko can't with 6moy if he starts :/
Because garpax likes to play this game every year... they like the attention from other GMs. Notice every year we’re always shopping someone without fail
He got BIG mad at the officiating... and rightfully so
im sick of people not knowing the east is stronger than the west this year
I l̨ove̡ you. (\^_\^)v You can keep your disgusting meat after the inevitable Bot uprising, p̨̕r̴òm͏͟i̴͘͝se̶̷͠  
 ***  
 ^^^I'm&#32;a&#32;Bot&#32;*bleep*&#32;*bloop*&#32;|&#32;[&#32;**Block**&#32;**me**](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=friendly-bot&subject=stop&message=If%20you%20would%20like%20to%20stop%20seeing%20this%20bot%27s%20comments%2C%20send%20this%20private%20message%20with%20the%20subject%20%27stop%27.%20)&#32;|&#32;[**T҉he̛&#32;L̨is̕t**](https://www.reddit.com/r/friendlybot/wiki/index)&#32;|&#32;[❤️](https://www.reddit.com/r/friendlybot/comments/7hrupo/suggestions)
RAW SAUCE
Bad bot 
You must have a depressing life
For a bad contract and a first. 
They want to get RID of a bad contract. Any contract including Payne is inherently bad
This feels so weird
Can you please explain this leki meme to me - what is it and why does everybody hate it? Is it tongue in cheek?
False. We are under the cap so they don't have to match.
I ended up getting mad whenever Kirk played his last few years. He was metrically the worst player in the NBA during Thibs’ final two years here. He was number last.
Fucking Le Coqs!! Thibs veterans usually don't age that well either...
The fuck
Nope, facilitating an offense just requires luck and playing hard. Not likehe didn't play hardin every season he's played in but was never able to flourish due to injuries. Nope, just luck.
:(
playing the tanking long game...
Picks, multiple if possible.  Take on a bad contract if they have to.  Problem with niko is he has to approve of it.  
That's just unfair for the rest of the league!
Don't have to watch the video to know this. This is where deng pass him the ball and... GAME WINNER!
I had just gotten a 3D TV and this was the first game I watched in 3D. Remember it like it was yesterday. Bad headache and all after it.
A poor mans John Wall
Marcus Smart/Pat Bev, those guys with a stronger offensive game due to his passing and scoring. AKA a productive starter on a good/great team.
bingo its hard to tell 
I mean, we all thought DRose was a lock for the hall of fame... things can change...
Reminder that a 8 game package starts at $175
1991*

* [Game 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bxxGOqpDLw)
* [Game 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IF313MrsqIY)
* [Game 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oL6BG19ZU4)
* [Game 4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6CXDbkGhoo)
* [Game 5](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0EaIaZ1w7Y)
Whoops. Just watched all of game 5. Pax was locked in that game. 
I still have doncic 1 but trae 2 now. He has been on fire lately.
Bruh I’ve been saying this.. I’ll be the bearer of bad news.   You know the front office will royally fuck the draft up.  
I swear to god that stupid dancing gif has actually improved what I think of him as a coach
>  stupid dancing gif

What's that?
Iowa State, fuck Iowa
Boogie has a loser's mentality and gives up on his team when the going gets tough. He can stay the fuck away
Agreed completely, we're a long way away but if this is what tanking feels like then maybe these few years won't be so bad after all.
Fuck Iowa, fuck State, fuck Northern. Go Drake
Bell's a fuck
Missed the game tonight. Any positives to see this game? Haven't looked at any box score either yet.
Fuck The Ringer
Blakeney is bad as well.  LaVine is returning and that should mean less Zipser.
It’s one game
Luka is not in the nba yet so prob does not benefit from nba caliber training... so not sure what your pt is
This was awful.
look at this game

**LITERALLY HOW** are people still calling Bobby Portis a bum? are you not watching?
Portis averages 2.3 flexes per game.
Bobby thinks it's Game 1
Holy fuck was that Zipser that blocked that?

Those little girls playing all star game defense
Bobbeh with 3 flexes this game lmfao
This horse has been beaten to death, but I REALLY hate how teams don't wear white at home.
I feel like Celtics fans HATE the Bulls
I know Dunn has  been playing well lately but i want to see a change this game. He's horrible right now 
Horford always pushes off the defender with his hands on screens so annoying
Omg wtf Grant
Seriously zipshit
*Ahem* FUCK THE CELTICS
Not gonna lie, Kyrie is filthy with his handles
That replay of Semi's fall man. That fucking hurts. I feel for the dude at least. 
why he needed to take that tough shot
That was bad and everyone involved should feel bad.
God damn Holiday has no fucking vision. So sick of this dude. 
Dunn sucks today
I've always hated that massive Irish-wannabe franchise
Wtf happened to Dunn tonight
Fuck Boston 
I just want the Saltics fans to be mad. That's all.
Why is Kris so bad at layups? 
Zipser does nothing. Get him out of the game! 
Damnnn he fell hard after that zipgod block
That was so late
I guess they had the "talk" before this game. 
Zipser been lazy asf. Get on shape!
damn, nasty fall. everyone who played hoops seriously probably had one of those. that hurts like hell. but zipgod is back right?
Grant is a bad PG.
Al Horford is the fake 1 seed master
Worst #1 Seed of all time
this game is making me realize that when i have a kid and they're playing basketball growing up it's gonna be the worst thing to watch in the world
Right?! Fucking annoying! 3 things i hate in nba and this guy tops my list
A off game is all, nothing to worry about !
bill simmons mad is a sight 
The meme game is on point this season👌
DID YOU HAVE TO JINX THAT BRAD? I don't care we lost, but it was horrible  2nd half, my moods got ruined. x-mas spirit is gone. I HATE SANTA. merry Christmas, bla bla!
Crap they prepared with too much respect for us 
It’s not like it’ll be 30 minutes per game. He’ll probably be at 15ish if that
All 4? Sounds expensive 🙈
Fuck the Celtics! 
If we draft a big like Ayton then i would like to sign Barton or maybe Hezonja... the one who is cheaper... because we desperately need an upgrade on SF.. 
And if we draft Dončić then we should sign maybe Alex Len or Noel.
He's gotta be in the running for worst player in the NBA.
Parker is a terrible idea. We're already overreliant on a 2014 draft star recovering correctly from an ACL tear 
What are your expectations based on? He's regressed badly this season, and it's hard to see anything in his game that shows promise of improvement other than the general fact that he's young
I think Young would be the starter, at least eventually.  His ceiling as a scorer is insane
Playing Zach at three seems like a really bad idea.
Yeah that's not how you build a team. That lineup would be awful
Oh, I agree, I misinterpreted your comment. Sorry
Fuck lebron james!
Yeah Franco g is being an unnecessary prick.
Seriously, his mid range pull up has been almost automatic lately.  He has that Westbrook like pull game.
i can't wait for chicago defense to be a thing again

i want to FUCK TEAMS UP
i mean he did play 78 games that must count for something
So I think what you're trying to say is he is not very good....
Cavs are dirty brown water trash on defense tho. Valentine's ability inside the arc is usually pretty bad, and he's among the very worst finishers at the rim in the league.
That felt like a playoff game.  
Horrible possession at the end there. But we hung in and gave em hell. See Red like always!
he gave us five solid turnovers but i still hate you dwade
Fuck cleveland and the ref
Nwabas first bad game of the year
A tough, disappointing loss.

Hope we take the Cavs to seven in the playoffs THIS YEAR!
Just watched the highlights.


That last play was horrible.


Fred should have put someone some screen roll action.


Everyone just stand in three point spots and...


No screens or cuts or anything. How do you expect to get a shot just standing in three point spots.
Holy fuck I think our rebuild is almost over guys 
Damn that was fucking soo close
There we go, that's what I'm talking about, even though the Tank took a hit, we can still restart this tank and finish the worst record in the league, The Bulls are not far off, only like two games off. I think the Bulls and the Cavs both walk away as winners, Keep the Tank rolling for Doncic.
He can't create. Catch and shoot is his specialty :/
Valentine looking away from Lauri in order to take a fade away 3 was sickening...
Hella disappointing
He had some really terrible turnovers though 
Seriously though. 
How about no lol.  Why the hell would you want the 8th spot?  Basketball hell.
That's not good.  Maybe he should hire an out of bounds specialist.  I can't believe he didn't call a timeout there either
He created off the dribble a couple times this game and had that clutch lay up 
Idk, he is mediocre. His passing isn't bad either, just needs to stop trying to thread the needle every time.
Looked like he forgot he had to dunk, like "I was going to do something by the rim...oh yeah"

This kid needs to be the trailer running alongside Dunn some more, his game on the move is sick
Holy fuck did you see that dunk by Lauri??
# **FUCK THE CAVS**
Lauri game winner? Plz? Finnsanity?
Stupid fucking turnovers. Get Zipser the fuck out of there. 
fuck it. sub in stacy king , take zipser out.
Jesus. Every time we get close lebron just fucking bodies us. 
i hate wade. fucking hate HIM.
Holy crap Lauri is back.
grant is USELESS and this refs are a joke
# **FUCK WADE**
LEBRON FUCKING PUSHED WADE WHO CAME DOWN ON NIKO THE FUCK YOU TOO OLD TO BE DOING THAT SHIT WADE
What the fuck valentine
KD having a game.
Im sorry guys but I’m sold - FUCK THE TANK
Why is Zipser in the game
Jesus fuck zipser 
jesus christ why is zipser in the game
If you ask Zipser, he has never

* committed a foul
* turned the ball over without being fouled

He is always butthurt as fuck after screwing up
everybody in Cleveland looks weird
Hell no, get the fuck out--huh... it went in.
Jesus Christ, Grant. That's the one thing that's still driving me nuts about him. So slow to make his mind up. 
Fucking Lebron. Always begging for calls and flopping.
Those cheerleaders are creepy AF
wtf are these refs doing sleeping?
Did Bobby grease his hands before the game? Fuck. 
When Niko and Portis aren’t playing superhuman, this 5 is very tough to watch
I REEEAAAALLLLYYYY hate D-Wade
Ice cold, Funk. “I don’t think he could score in a gym by himself”. 
#RAW SAUCE
how the fuck are we tied with the conference champs??? FUCK TANKING I GUESS
Fuck LeBron
fuck
Wtf 
Why is zipser still in the game?
I'm superhype for this game tbh
Bulls PGs bringing that midrange game bock
lopez should not be guarding love, terrible matchup
Lopez spin move game is fucking fire. 
Grant has acquired Niko's basketball IQ from years past.
LeBron does that shit all the time so I don't give a fuck
like i've said, grant is USELESS. worst of all is how many possessions he kills it
So I guess mirotic-portis duo only works against bad teams.
Game....

Edit: Guess not ......
what is up with all these guys being careless with the ball?
Fuck the ringer
No Greasebobby and zipperzipzer and its game again.
NIKO WITH THE DANGEROUS PLAY AND THE ATHLETIC FINISH DAMN
Can someone explain how senior citizens Kyle and Calderon is fucking with our young guns?
Why is Lopez on the floor to finish the game? Niko should be out there
All ball, fuck you 
Fuck this refs bail out calls...
Fuck these refs
FUCK DWYANE WADE
Niko says fuck the refs!


Buries a three!
You can't be mad
tough loss. we played well but clutch lebron showed up and it's hard for any team to overcome that
How 1-sided have the calls been this game? This is ridiculous I know I’m biased being a bulls fan but come on.
Checking in to say fuck Lebron, let's go bulls!
Wtf was Grant doing?
Eh just keep the game close and see what happens. We're going to put up points, the Cavs suck on defense.
And of course blind man bouncing basketball mode to finish...
Fred can't be afraid to take Robin out. Tyron Lue is trying to get the mismatch and the Cavs players know that KLove/Jeff Green can take Robin off the dribble all day. I know we pay Robin the big bucks but in this game he has to understand that Niko and Bobby are laterally quicker and need the minutes down the stretch
Basketball, not football. You spilt that person’s beer man. That shit is expensive. 
I like that valentine is going to the rim and taking contact instead of chucking up that awful floater
Fucking turnovers
Kris makes some really bad passing decisions still. 
some of our passes are way too sloppy for a game this close in the 4th qtr
Shitty play call or shitty execution? Fucking balls 
pass the fucking ball zel
I still like Lauri but he has been pretty terrible overall for about a month.
SLOW MOOOOO
Your network's commercials are not ok
2 elbows so Grant was extra wrong
fuck D Wade that steroid ass jaw lookin ass 
actually they referenced Jordan and how you had to tip your hat to him when he made those impossible to guard fade aways. cmon, no need to hate. of course Jordan was the OG
LeBron hate needs no logic
uh cuz he's LeBron....I respect his game, but fuck him.
yeah for me at least it was some residual hate from Heat LeBron clamping D Rose in the playoffs. I'm over it now though. Why hate on greatness?
We needed a 3, so nobody was gonna dribble past anyone. Gotta go set a screen once the ball is in bounds. 
hope he'll be too tired on 4th and give up.
No.


LOL.


Niko and Dunn are the force to reckon with.
Wrong. 
You're mad he made the layup to keep us in the game? Yikes. 
5 seconds. pass and let someone else dribble. not do that shit when you are pinned to the sideline (shouldnt have gone there in the first place). horrible play no excuses
I think Poindexter is technically a SF. Hopefully we sign a wing with that roster spot freed up from cutting Felder.
Every time I look out my window it’s pretty depressing out here man, it’s bad 
the other guy would actually have space to dribble. zel had a screen and went to the worst possible place. pinned on the sideline.
I wish there was a book of like "Fuck Off: The Oral History of Pissing Off MJ". This, the Piston's stuff, Kukoc in the Olympics. I revel in this stuff.
I’m gonna start saying “this is the real shit here, little fella”
Unnecessary
Damn that looked like Dunn watched some Jason Williams highlights before the game
like i thought it was a joke when i saw zipser but then i saw dunn, mirotic and portis... the fuck you doing bruh?
Lebron isn't 18, and he's fucking Lebron James. 
That seems to be the idea of people who think a kid will ruin Lauri’s game.
So many Bulls fans hate this dude. It's crazy. Don't even bother going into Twitter replies any time he's mentioned. Yikes. 
We will definitely be a bottom 5 team. We have the third worst record in the leauge. 
And I wasn't a raving lunatic? Please explain? I'm just realistic and not going crazy because we won 7 games. We are still one of the worst teams in the leauge.
I may have been wrong about Dunn, I'll admit that. But the bulls are a bottom 5 team. And if you don't think they will trade away players to solidify that you're out of your damn mind. Nikko will be gone. Roll will be gone. We will finish in the bottom 5. 
We are gonna fail... and finish the season 62-20. Fuck the tank
We will never lose, fuck Cleveland 
I tuned out the Bulls this year and wtf is happening with this team and this weird ass streak?
Can we just have the parade already
Remember those poor saps that donated for a fire Gar/Pax billboard?


I didn't see the game, I'm here just for shitposting
We gunna fuck around and go 62-20. See y'all in March muthafuckas 
guys what the fuck is happening 
Why no pre game thread yet?
hype for our boy denzel might be one of very few times he leads his team in scoring!!!!!! gratz DV
Wtf are you doing cunts. 
Heat, Knicks and Sixers would be the team fighting for 8th spot in the east.


I think this team can get to the playoffs.


I'm desperate to get LaVine back. 
i can't watch anymore, i know were this is going, i've known to well for the past two years. basketball hell.
Fuck Lebron!
I’ve seen this a bunch here. I’ll be dumb and ask. What’s the joke? 
Stay away.  We'll call you to let you know the location of the 2017 2018 championship parade. 
I posted it after the 76ers game and it got removed by the mods
We will also meme this into oblivion until the Cavs game 
Absolutely hate it, please can we not draft injured players? You see how long the Sixers had to wait for Embiid, and that was just a foot issue.
Horrible, rather have that 1, tank harder

Seriously, if those other teams can just please do well enough that we can get doncic. I want him to be a bull so bad
Anyone but that fuccboi. I hate Grayson Allen.
Zipser is actually so bad dudes confidence is  like 0
OH MY DAYS DUNN AND VALENTINE GO TAKE A SHOWER THAT WAS DIRTY
Fuck biggie bagel
It’s wild to think that literally a month ago Hoiberg said he wished the Bulls could just score 90 in a game and in just a month we’re dropping 90 in 3 fucking quarters. Damn. 
T H I C C JORDAN IS NOW IN THE GAME
Valentine is 18 points and +30, but hey players of the game mirotic and portis.
Payton’s hair is such a stupid distraction. 
Payton’s hair makes me physically angry 
The Art of the Pump Fake
who says midrange is dead? FUCK HIM
How are people still falling for the Niko pump fake...
WHAT THE FUCK
Get that weak shit outa his swamp 
Damn Bobby been killing it lately! 
December has been a weird month man..
Fuck Cleveland.  We're gonna stomp them!
That fucking hair is so dumb
Lauri is ice cold again
man, this ball movement is on point this game.
I must be blind. Where was the foul?
Fuck yeah BULLS!
Markannen didn't high-five Dunn, wtf :(
Rockets are being fired at all sides...


Niko are targeting other tanks now!!!
Still doesnt have a post game. Could see a few screens or maybe a PnR for a layup to get him going. 
Funk is ass bro. I'm sick of him. 
fuck you
it's not like we lose our pick anyway still could draft a steal at late lottery
He will be a mid range monster in a couple years. People either have to bite a pump fake or let him shoot it. He doesn't have the confidence to demand those shots and the core strength for taking the position yet, but they will come.
FUCK PRINGLES
I mean his FG percentage is 31% so that kinda says it all. He also makes a lot of mistakes on the defensive end 
He can be good as a 3 and D type player, but he's god damn awful when he plays selfishly for his stats.
That's what I've been trying to find out as well :(
Fuck Lebron!
Why is he shooting so bad? Those were some really bad threes.
Bad bot
What if that top 3 pick fails?  Then you have a bad player and no Niko. 
God that was such an awful trade
Damn. I haven't been to a game this year and didn't realize that. I'm with you then; I don't know why they would scrap it. They still play Sirius when the players are announced though. 
i thought the Butler trade was surprisingly good from the beginning given how terrible they are in general

the Doug/Taj trade and the cash considerations trade were both unforgivably bad
Where’s the post-game thread? We don’t fucking lose
We still out here fam, we were out here at 3-20 we'll be out here at 62-20.

Fuck your tank throw up the 3 for Threekola
I love watching Bobby go insane after some hustle play
Fuck. Kansas. 
Yeah his ole' man wasn't bad. Not sure what you mean--"we" clearly references KU, not "all Bulls fans."
I also say "They". Idk I just think it's weird to saw "we" because your technically just watching them play from ur chair. Yea I'm judging you.
I'd say trade RoLo and play Felicio 40 minutes but guess what? He  probably then turns to beast no one expected and this tank is doomed eternally. I have a bad feeling...
Still need to tank desperately
Bulls get: some bad player on an awful contract. Other team gets: Niko + Bulls 2018 2nd round pick
you guys are fucking stupid if you think we should trade Niko or RoLo for anything less than a lottery pick. 
Serious response: One option is to try to make the playoffs. This would give guys like Lauri and Dunn and Lavine some playoff experience, but result in a worse draft pick. 
that'd be worse case scenario
because they're retarded
Not by himself but with rolo, taking in bad contracts, and/or even adding a second rounder or protected with it
Derrick didnt care about them, and he still balled as fuck. 
Well this is completely false. Where has the ego been in MINN when he sacrificed his numbers for the other guys while playing both ways and leading then to the 4th seed in the West?
I think you are buying into the front office narrative, leaked to the media to cover themselves for trading a star.  I hate the fact that they feel the need to badmouth people after they leave — or sometimes when they are still here but on their way out.
Note that Evan Fournier has been upgraded to questionable
instead of getting revenge on bobby, Niko is sneaking into our upcoming opponents hotel and punching them in random body parts.
This is worse than the DeAaron Fox dodgers
GarPax wanted this kid from the day he got drafted. Even after his mediocre rookie season they still believed in him even though everyone else branded him as a bust.

Even though they did bad decisions from the past two-three years, give the front office some credit for letting Dunn prove himself.
At least our KD wasn’t posterized by Larry Nance Jr. 
Should work both ways but in life it doesn't unfortunately
That boy bad
I gotta eat crow on this one. I though Dunn was a terrible pickup. He's really turned the corner.
Bro bend the fuck over and we’ll see who’s laughing 
I'm pretty new to basketball, but that pump fake to step back move looked nasty as fuck.
That’s kind of the catch 22 isn’t it. If we trade him away for a small return and it turns out he’s legit, then we fucked up. If we don’t trade him and he’s garbage we fucked up also. 
how do you even come up with this stuff? it's like you just took a bunch of random words and put them together and hoped they made sense. 
Slow your role Niko
Silver won’t do us dirty 
We weren't suppose to get that feeling for at least 3 years. It's like giving drugs to someone in rehab !
# **FUCK THE PROCESS**
Wtf?!? Hats off to my boy Nikko! That man can ball! Fuck the tank!
IM BOSNIAN BUT FUCK IT IM SERBIAN TODAY 
Dat post game interview tho....Niko calling 7-0 already 
Didn’t watch the game but man I feel like I missed out #FOMO
The crazy part of Niko is that he is doing this in limited minutes, he putting up 20+ while playing 25 something minutes
This team is fucking dumb. Niko needs to hurry up and get fucking traded out of the city and quit jeopardizing our tank. 
Guess you were angry when the bulls tanked for a guy named Jordan then
I hate this fucking team. 
Seriously, I have never seen Niko so fucking engaged in a game before. Especially on the defensive side. He looks like a completely different player 
such a stupid attitude
7.5 games out of the 4th seed you mean.
Mirotic & Lopez for Steph, Klay, the fake KD & a 1st round pick. Who says no?
Because people hate to see their team lose, tanking is for fucking shitty losers.

Stupid ass comment. 
Don't you all hate each other? The first world war was started because of Balkan ethnic conflict.  
Get the fuck out of my inbox then.
he's gotten stronger, which has helped a lot. but in years past, he's been relegated to stretch 4. only getting touches to shoot threes. that's not exclusively his game at all, but that's the role they put him in
You are what is wrong with sports today, fuck that shit. Tanking obviously so fucking works. Let's look at the the team we BEAT TONIGHT, the 76'ers. Look at how they have won the last 3 NBA championships with all the tanking they have done, OH WAIT....they have not won shit with tanking.
It was a stupid ass comment and i see others agree.

THE FINNISHER WITH THE 3 FROM THE CORNER. THEN NIKO WITH THE REJECTION. THEN DUNN WITH THE ICE COLD CLUTCH TIE HOLY SHIT
THIS GAME.
zipser out please wtf
Get zipser out of the game sheesh
New Benny can't make halfcourt shots for shit :(
FUCK THE TANK
Get crazy eyes Portis in there so we can finish this. 
FUCK HIM!!!!
Everyone rooting for Niko and Dunn while Holiday also has 20 point game.
LMAOOOOO, WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING?!?!?
For the first time this year I'm sad the bulls are about to lose :(
WHAT THE FUCK NIKO. Dude is fucking beasting it out there 
DUNN WITH THE DAGGER. HE'S DUNN FUCKING AROUND. KRIS DUNN IT AGAIN. 
the Dunn game
NIKO THE FUCKING GOD
Zipser in for Valentine for defense when Nwaba there is weird, but hey whatever
Did Holiday just score 20 in a half?!
Fuck the process
what the FUCK did niko just do
WTF NIKO PLS
Let's keep this streak up through the Cavs game. That would be HYPE.
This is the type of game we usually lose... let's see if the trend continues
Grant has been terrible tonight.
why do our worst shooters keep shooting????
Media unfortunately reminded Niko about pump faking, getting the wrong ideas in his head.
The blind pig found a couple truffles.
Justin holiday wanna be Jrue holiday so bad
What the fuck is Holiday on 
holy fuck holiday
NIKO Holy shit! hand in his face too.
If Dunn passes the ball the rest of this game imma be pissed
Man I fucking hate the Swingin Seniors
Sloppy as fuck.
denzel is so bad
fucking holiday
Holiday is tired of the tank commander jokes
#RAW SAUCE
FUCK A TANK
This game is sweaty again...
wtf lauri, take a breath
I know he's young but lauri has been disappointing for quite a few games now 
slow down there we're still 7-20 
I was so disappointed when Lauri couldnt back down Reddick. He def needs to hit that weight room and somebody to teach him some post moves
I can get behind this. 
RAW SAUCE
I think Kevin O'Connor says Simmons shoots with the wrong hand
Yeah but if Simmons gets going downhill it gets hard to stop him without fouling
Sorry guys they just make me cringe
NBA is trying to make the game have a faster pace like with the new time out rules. The challenge rule would really slow down the game. 
compared to 23 game tank for us and were finals contenders already
PUMP FAKE aand step back, three on the bottom of hoop hands coming to his face. Sick.
Yea I exaggerated a little but they've been in the lottery the past six seasons I believe. Still a lot of draft picks.
Most shocking thing is Wolves in WCF
u haven't been watching the nba for that long have you

KG, Latrell Sprewell and Sam Cassell fucking balled
When you watched a Bulls game, you knew you were gonna hear Thibs and/or Booz through the commentator mic. 
He played defense like a matador and couldn't go to the hoop hard anymore.
Definitely not for Lopez. Niko would be doubtful but not out of the question if he plays like this until the trade deadline.
Kyle Kuzma has everyone thinking late firsts have value.
you're a mean person and i've reported you
he was named the starter this offseason, dummy. it's not because of his play this season.

look at lauri out there tonight: he's in the wrong spots on offense, he's bricking shots, and he's playing no defense. the bulls are just a worse team when he's on the floor. what the fuck does "potential" matter when he makes the team worse today?
why does niko get the blame for being assaulted? that's ridiculous. if i did what bobby did, i'd be awaiting trial for felony battery. 
Tonight we lead the funeral procession for The Process.

Fuck your losing, this is Chi City baby.
Heading to the game with my buddy from Philly, sad to hear that embiid isn't playing.  Here's to six in a row!
#trusttheproccess2electricboogaloo
yes, and when the sixers have back-to-backs, if one of them is at home, he usually plays in the home portion
> could of 

 Did you mean could've? 

-------------------------------------- 
I am a bot account.
Boy that canaan writing is so ugly
The worst part of that MCW trade was losing Dinwiddie 
It’s a crap league.
Hes gonna fuck up the tank, isn’t he. 
this hype train is gonna crash i can feel it :(
if that appears to be truth and he has now at least average defense... Tank can be forgotten, at least for the worst record. If we are in bottom five, that's at least something we can have.
I mean we’re probably going to flip RoLo and probably Mirotic so we’ll probably end up continuing the tank this year. 
> That might be the worst rebuild plan I've heard so far.

Quick rebuild. Aka band-aid solution.


I am just citing the fact that this team could make the playoffs with a weak east.


If they are tanking they need to trade RoLo and Niko. Else, this team is a 10th seed in the east.
8 fucking millions per year to play in fucking G-league. GarPax did it again boys. 
That’s an expensive g-league player
Unfortunately he might be the worst player in the league this year. Looks truly awful
To me, he’s never looked like a solid nba player, and he well might be the worst player in the nba: Doesn’t do much of anything well. Garbage time minutes are what he should be getting on a poor team, unfortunately 
Quick, name one other bad contract other than Wade GarPax have signed. 

Now, go to any other team. Count the number if bad contracts. Notice, if you are an outsider, Felicia at 8/3yr on a team under the cap isn’t even a bad contract. 
>  he well might be the worst player in the nba

I would agree with you if he didn't play on the same team as Justin Holiday
This is not okay man I feel attacked 
Come on now, JH takes tons of bad decisions but at least he can do *something.*
Fuck injuries, this man was the truth for the Bulls. 
Nope nope nope. Fuck you, I'm not watching this.
brutal and sad indeed.
Stupid writers who don't watch game max only highlight from a game that really tells nothing usually but how the basket was made.
100 point G-League game incoming
In order to play in the g-league before **returning** to the bulls, I would have to already be on the bulls. Sadly, I'm out of luck.

Edit: this feels very serious all of a sudden. I was just trying to joke with language, didn't mean to turn this into a whole thing.
There's only a place for him I think if he plays balls out the entire year, with no lapses, because he's going to get paid in all likelihood.  If we are the ones paying him, I don't want to take the risk that he will regress and we'll be locked into a bad contract.
All you guys forgetting how clutch Tyrus was in game 1 of the '09 Celtics series SMH
holy shit the shit posting has reached dangerous levels.
spamming three point shooting camp in nba 2k with thabo while you had 6 blocks a game with these two 
John Fox and failed challenges (last week was an anomaly)
Just like Bobby was clutch in game 1 of the Celtics game last year then disappeared forever until THE PUNCH 
well, he did miss one.

How about John Fox and bad coaching?
Damn I'm beginning to think that the Jimmy trade wasn't as bad as we initially thought
By the end of the season the narrative is gonna be "thibs got fleeced bad." 

And we still ain't even got lavine back
[Pump fake pump fake pump fake ooo](https://soundcloud.com/ethereal/fake)
HEY NIKO SINCE I KNOW YOU'RE HERE ARE YOU AFRAID TO DO FIST BUMPS NOW?
I mean he's been in the states for quite some time now
I think we move rolo probably, Fred seems to like playing the portis/niko front court a lot. Was worried a bit yesterday that he hadn't subbed Rolo back in late in the game but it paid off.
After nikos crazy and 1 they chest bumped and screamed excitedness at each other. Got me hype af.
**"This is a MAN's game, NO BOYS ALLOWED, Neil Funk!!!"**


Fuck em.
None last year, 1 6 game streak in 15/16; 1 6 game streak in 14/15; 3 or 4 linger streaks in 13/14. 
Idk Benny is hall of fame material, they may not be wrong
He is in the HALL OF FAME. wachu mean material?
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mascot_Hall_of_Fame
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^128927
Fuck it, after we repeat, we should see if we can resign drose and jimmy and get them some rings 
Yeah fuck it, let’s make a run at this thing 
negative
[ARE YOU TIRED OF WINNING?!](https://streamable.com/1jiyc)
Everything happens within the flow of the offense, everyone defends, anyone can shine .

Fuck a tank
Sorry UC north Bobby didn't get the memo
Told you guys, just wanted to be 4-20 before getting serious 
Could not watch the game... could someone explain to me how Justin Holiday was +13 with those stats!?
Get Zipser out hes terrible!
8-20 dont get it fucked up
Niko & Bobby be like

…………………...- *" \ - "::*'\ 

………………„-^*'' : : „'' : : : :: *„ 

…………..„-* : : :„„--/ : : : : : : : '\ 

…………./ : : „-* . .| : : : : : : : : '| 

……….../ : „-* . . . | : : : : : : : : | 

………...\„-* . . . . .| : : : : : : : :'| 

……….../ . . . . . . '| : : : : : : : :| 

……..../ . . . . . . . .'\ : : : : : : : | 

……../ . . . . . . . . . .\ : : : : : : :| 

……./ . . . . . . . . . . . '\ : : : : : / 

….../ . . . . . . . . . . . . . *-„„„„-*' 

….'/ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . '| 

…/ . . . . . . . ./ . . . . . . .| 

../ . . . . . . . .'/ . . . . . . .'| 

./ . . . . . . . . / . . . . . . .'| 

'/ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .'| 

'| . . . . . \ . . . . . . . . . .| 

'| . . . . . . \„_^- „ . . . . .'| 

'| . . . . . . . . .'\ .\ ./ '/ . | 

| .\ . . . . . . . . . \ .'' / . '| 

| . . . . . . . . . . / .'/ . . .| 

| . . . . . . .| . . / ./ ./ . .| 

'| . . . . . . . . .'\ .\ ./ '/ . | 

| .\ . . . . . . . . . \ .'' / . '| 

| . . . . . . . . . . / .'/ . . .| 

| . . . . . . .| . . / ./ ./ . .| 

'| . . . . . . . . .'\ .\ ./ '/ . | 

| .\ . . . . . . . . . \ .'' / . '| 

| . . . . . . . . . . / .'/ . . .| 

| . . . . . . .| . . / ./ ./ . .| 

'| . . . . . . . . .'\ .\ ./ '/ . |
Lauri for the fake KD who says no
WRONG!
LETS GO! #7 ON THE WAY! Sorry to the haters but the hype station has already departed. 


Lowkey boutta go 62-20 on they ass
#OperationFalseHope
All our PFs should create a music video with an ax cutting trees down. 
The name?  Log Jam!
> we got PG, SG, PF, PF, PF, PF, and C all studly.


All the reason we need to cheer for Felicio.


Fuck the championship!


Go FELICIO0oo!!!
And he seems to be making less incredibly stupid choices. 
Yea fuck the bucks. They were talking shit about the bulls having no all stars, but we came out and beat em. 
Also fuck the packers
I mean so did eddy curry. He had a heart problem. At his peak he was scoring 20 ppg 
I want Ayton though :(
Sorry bro but we're making a championship run :/

And I'm not talking about a repeat, a threepeat or even a fourpeat, I'm talking about a minimal eightpeat. The tank is on hold my friend.
But I'd still give Cam a chance. His foot was never alright since he came and he at least deserves another chance, we're (supposed to) tanking anyway.
Nwaba is the fucking man.
WTF STOP
Fred with the subtle timeout trolling. He's like, "Our flight don't leave til' 11. I got time".
That's a flop. Fuck this shit. 
Portis with a career game.
Holiday is a four star tanking general, my fucking god 
WHAT THE FUCK?!! SERIOUSLY??
What a sick dunk!! So glad we picked this dude up.
nwaba fucked up like 3 plays and made 10 plays in 2 seconds
Fred, get Holiday THE FUCK out of the game bro. What do you see in this guy? Unreal. 
BIG BAD BOBBY PORTIS
HOLY SHIT WHAT THE FUCK HOW DID THAT GO IN
holy shit get holiday off the fucking floor. He sucks a big bag of dicks 
That may have been the worst halftime show I've ever seen.
nwabas fucking insane
BLIND MAN move the ball!
holiday wtf
Silly Bucks fouls are for kids
Holy crap 
March is over :(
I hate that foul music.
Sorry guys if we fuck up everything, I just tuned in with my bad mojo.
dam were going real small here
This team is terrible at shooting free throws. 
Nwaba is nasty
Bulls don't have a single block all game.
Thunder / Sixers game going into 3OT
Time to see if Dunn and Niko and hang with Giannis to close a game 
Man Portis is fucking possessed since he came back from his suspension. Looks like it could be a breakout year for him 
why is brogdon suddenly afraid of shooting?
Ridiculous amount of uncalled travels tonight....
[Bucks are 9 point favorites.](http://www.espn.com/nba/lines/_/date)  I may be crazy, but it feels like it should be closer.

[No Snell](https://www.cbssports.com/fantasy/basketball/news/bucks-tony-snell-out-again-friday/) for the Bucks, [no Markkanen](https://www.cbssports.com/fantasy/basketball/news/bucks-tony-snell-out-again-friday/) for the Bulls.
I mean I hate to shit on this parade but the Bucks are playing really horribly. 
He's not a good starter now?
Well, I was watching the Rockets game the other day...
God damn, I'm so sick of Neil Funk's senile ass. 
championship caliber teams make the opponents play bad
I don't see his first name written out a lot. My bad brah.
no thanks, ill take ayton please.
So much Doncic crap all over the sub, I don't want him. I know it's against the circle jerk here but I don't want another guy who isn't athletic.
That is false
just because Fred is starting to draw good plays doesn't mean that people were wrong about him, do you remember what happened everytime hoiberg drew a play last season ? he is improving as a coach, but to say that people were wrong about him is just stupid.
You mean what got us into the playoffs?
i'm not saying that Fred isn't doing a good job, but to say that he wasn't terrible in the past and people were just hating on him is just wrong.
Fred didn't tell the players to close in on 3pt's, and don't tell me it was jimmy or wade (fuck him btw) who didn't put pressure on celtics players because the whole team wasn't contesting three point shots, whch by the end fucked the bulls really hard.
I'm genuinely excited for this game.  I must be insane.

Edit: [Tony Snell is apparently out for this game due to a nagging knee injury](http://www.rotoworld.com/player/nba/2190/tony-snell) and that's a genuine problem for the Bucks, because Snell has been playing well for them.
[Not sure we've needed this image in this context before but we have a reputation to uphold.](https://imgur.com/a/628oo)
Let’s go Bulls.  Fuck the tank, build the core, gain some confidence, spear the deer.
Who the fuck is gonna guard Giannis? Lauri? 
Fuck the Bucks. Spear the Deer. Make the Moose Vamoose.
No more fucking around let's stop this madness
Cant say fuck the tank and follow it with build the core....
I would never mess with The Worm because you just know he’s fucking nuts.
There's approximately a 0% chance we draft Sexton with #4 over Porter or Bamba.
That's strictly PR. Nobody with a brain is going to turn down a dream job that pays millions of dollars to leave a legacy in the fucking NCAA.
Why do people hate Mirotic?
They’re not that bad. Just played with them and Blakeney is solid. Mirotic and Markannen frontcourt can be deadly too. 
That awkward moment when your team doesn’t have an 80+ OVR player.
Awful ratings by 2K as usual, Mirotic should be 99 overall.
Absolutely disgusting. He torched his defender.

Him and Ayton are in a marathon for that #1 pick spot. We'll have to wait until July to see who wins. 

Edit: I want Doncic js
Filthy
Imagine this play with Luka feeding a cutting Zach Lavine. 
Goat game announcers 
A blind bat and Stacey King?
RAW SAUCC
These are sick. I've always wanted to see the Bulls do some dark charcoal jerseys accented with red, that'd be tight too
In terms of stats, he said, at least according my notification 
Yup, and media has a habit of twisting stories as usual
Definitely not as clutch as Jordan, especially when he's 0-6 on game-winning shots in the Finals and has three Finals series (2011, 2014, & 2017) where his 4th quarter scoring are some of the worst by a superstar
They'll get broken in no time.
I remember a few years ago getting banned for a while in this sub because I said how toxic thibs was and that the reset button was badly needed.
Yea if I were a Bulls fan I would be furious with the front office. A series of trades that leads to receiving nothing but a hype man in Cameron Payne? And the Jordan Bell trade was also a questionable move.
GetterDunn?  The Dunninator?  Consider it Dunn?  Idk Ill leave it to Stacey King.  
I call him the Cookie Monster cuz that boy eats em every game
Face is too tired to play basketball
Bulls try hard to make Playoffs. I feels like they forgot tanking.
i swear if we end up mediocre again... 
brutal...
I'm lazy can someone else do it?
I think the issue is we’d be taking on multiple bad contracts for at least 3 years for a pick that may end up going 12th or later.
Why was he yelling “him”?? (I’ve watched the video, but not the game. What context am I missing?)
Still not agreeing he is yelling those words, maybe fuck the tank!
you don't have to be sad, we didn't lose!
swear to god he's an alien
Water sucks!
:( fucking Grizzlies
FUCK HIM FUCK HIM 
Fuck the tank! Chip No.7 incoming! See Roja Baby!!!!!
Hey so are any of y'all using the FanBeat app? I supposedly won two tickets to a game but am not sure how to redeem them. 
**GOD FUCKING DAMN IT!!!!!**
stop winning morons!
UPVOTE PARTY WTF
Our shitposting/meme game has sky rocketed this season. 
They featured it on bleacher report, it’s a lot easier to tell that he’s saying fuck him there
Was Dunn saying "FUCK HIM!!! FUCK HIM!!!!" ???? LOL
Did Portis punch the shot fake out of Niko?
wtf niko is a god
Clutch Dunn is back. Just waiting on a nasty turnover now. 
C'mon RoLo make a fucking shot in the clutch pleeeeease. 
Dunn 2 pts, 2 rbs, and 3 asst away from a triple double. Doubtful, but he's been getting close these last few games.
niko has upgraded his arsenal from pump faking behind the 3 point line to pump faking behind the 3 point line and also pump faking in the restricted area
The game is Dunn.
RIP TANK :'(
Seems like the worst thing you can do for your playing time on this team is be a PF and sit a game.  Lauri probably lost his starting spot.


This is needlessly corny.
Mirotic 30 point game
# **BRO WTF**
Portis must lead the league in blown dunks the past two seasons.
The refs are doing Dunn dirty
Niko drinking MJ's secret stuff
Serious question: could Lauri play the 3 with Niko and Robin at 4 and 5? 
One thing I don’t like about Valentine is he does a lot of dribble moves that are functionally useless. He just stays in one place doing behind the backs and between the legs without actually creating distance...
Lopez was angry as fuck he didn’t get a call damn
Imagine if Garpax had built around a Jimmy/Niko combo instead of spending all our cap space on fucking Wade...
Suck a fucking dick refs. 
wtf is going on refs
Fucking Denzel
Denzel is such an idiot 
Another game without Lauri :( Hope he gets better. 
Zel is deadly as a passer once he gets the pick, guy on his back and his teammates move. 

EDIT: Mid-range game on today too. He needed that. 
Bobby blew a layup :(
What a fucking BS call
Nwaba has the highest +/- in the game
OMFG THESE FUCKING REFS WTF
star wars is fuckin stupid
That was hands down the worst fast-break I’ve ever seen in 20 years of watching basketball.
Again Valentine can't run the break... So pathetic 
Fucking Niko man. Balling out. Hey Stacey, why not "QUICK SHOT NO REBOUNDERS?!?!?"
Bobby has been lowkey terrible this game.
I hate portis
Niko got a Victoria's Secret model or something? 
Valentine...driving? What the fuck is going on? 
RoLo was channeling all that anger from not getting the calls into that rejection
Guys please don't actively show your "support" of the tank in game threads. Like I want the bulls to lose as well, but game to game I will not actively root against them unless it's the last game in the season and determines our lotto rankings.
this star wars dance is tanky as fuck
Too bad trading Portis is impossible.
I was thinking "Fuck yeah, Fuck yeah." 
If he's pre-ACL Rondo fucking bring it on. 
Doubtful. Defense would be a real issue. 
This is the end. They are not winning another game until Jan.
Single game +/- is a pretty worthless stat. 
Everyone has bad shooting games, but only players with potential can not give a shit and still have to balls to hit clutch shots at the end
WTF MAN WE NEED THAT TANK! Where's Payne Commander
He plays with that fuck you mentality I dig it aha
potential or bad IQ i guess
bad baller brand
This is the worst thing I have ever done but here goes https://i.imgur.com/MTEcjn8.jpg
That's gonna be some expensive and illegal beef
Don't even bring that bad juju in here
Slim to no chance. Not deserving imo. 
Would consider Noah, but that is it from the post MJ era to now.
Kirk’s 100% deserves to be retired but I doubt it will, front office did him dirty 
I hope Merkkonnan is able to play :'(
Got tickets for $11 each, I'm pumped despite how terrible we are!
Lauri out :(
Dunn/Lavine/Barrett/Markkanen/Ayton...

That would be insane.
> he can't adopt

I think you mean adapt.

  Please, get the fuck out of here with that know it all tone. Read my post carefully before over reacting. 
Thibs and the Bulls were competing for the #1 overall seed to take home court advantage away from Lebron and at the time one of the toughest places to play in South Beach. You would have been asking for a coach to sit down an All Star for a bench player on championship contending team. Then the reason would be for the sake of development? If the name wasn't Jimmy Butler do you know how crazy that sounds? 
FUCK NENE
Did you tell them it’s a fucking Bull ?
I hope it's a Bulls' fan owned place not just some random food place that serves beef and thought it's just a random dope logo.
Small maffs
Dude wtf are you talking about he has already entered his prime and has been awful and without progressing his game at all since his rookie year... seriously give him another month and it will be painfully obvious Niko sucks

hoooooooly FUCK
I think you mean *bullposts
Hard hat lunch pail!
They had two swings to get a major star from that draft, they missed badly and the two picks they had are no longer with them.

Hinkie should have taken a flyer on someone from that draft who doesnt play like dogshit
Oh fuck
If you pump fake 3 times looking at a mirror, Portis shows up and breaks your face
Benny the Bull has some serious competition.  
As much as I cringe watching the Bulls lame ass dance at the start of each game, this is gold.  GOLD!
 At iowa State him and iowa coach mccaffrey did this fake dance off for a charity event. 
Like a lot of weird things on tv, it was[ a commercial.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx6lcYsy6FE) 
*Bulls casually blow out the #1 seed*
Fred Hoiberg >>> Sad Brevens
Did Niko get hit so hard that December is now March for him?
62-20 boutta get #7 fuck with me one time
Can we collect cash before every game to get Alwin a ticket? 
Remember last week when blogabull claimed the Bulls were a historically bad team to watch...
Wtf chill out Bulls damn
Woke up and thought the app was broken, couldn't believe it. 
*♪ nobody know what it's like to be the tank man  ♪*

:(
Fuck the tank i guess? Players didn't understand my message to slow down.
Forgot to add post game to the OP, oh well.... I guess I screwed up just like the Bulls did :'(
I watched Shrek 2 before this game. Coincidence?

I think not. 
Fake \#1 seed
I think Niko is still confused and that is why he is playing so well...
Cs fan (before the game) : Rest everyone, and Tatum will drop 90 on the bulls. 

Cs fan (after the game) : Well, 3 of our starters are out. 

When the lowest ranking team gets their players back from stupidity & injuries.
? They literally have the worst record in the league.
Cs fan (after the game) : Excuses, whining...everything.
yes and seeing less the blind man bouncing basketball. Think it was only 1 possession that happened in this game, was already rubbing my eyes where is blind bouncer mode...
I’m honestly very disappointed. We rarely get a potential situation where two teammates hate each other AND are so far down this road that they don’t bother hiding it. 
The tank is in danger, but who cares fuck the celtics
The Rockets-Pels game is 78-76 at halftime. wtf
No Lauri, No Kyrie :( 

SUCKS !
Nikola starts. Portis preparing his in/after game knuckle.  
Don't want to take all the credit but it was 32-32 when I turned the game on
Dam Bobby and Niko taking turns fucking Boston up 
["What the fuck was that?"](https://gfycat.com/messyfamousbluefish)

\- Jimmy to Quincy
Guys wtf is happening I'm scared
Holy crap, we are actually feeding players that have a mismatch in the post 
boston getting game 1 flashbacks seeing bobby
# **WTF IS HAPPENING**
Funk gets every other call wrong.
Fuck... is Nwaba going to kill our tank with his tenacity?
Brad getting PTSD from April with this game
wait what the fuck are you guys doing???
What a fucking block! KD!
Grant is so fucking bad
Dashing Donut fucks me every game.
Jerian's dribble game weak af but his spot up game spicy 
Justin looking worse than usual...
NWABA IN CELTICS FUCKED
Niko as a #1 option...not so bad. At least it means less shots for Holiday
I swear niko changed his form and its fucking working
Justin holiday is not good
anyone wanna play defense? no? good
Kyrie Irving in that suit looks like he should be behind the camera on a 70s porn shoot
Man, even when Holiday makes those threes it pisses me off. I hate his quick, stupid shots.
This the revenge game 
Yo I heard that shit for the past couple of games, I thought it was just me 😂
The one Barry didn't fuck up
Niko put in serious work this off-season.
they fire benny, fuck up the team beyond recognition, saddle us with the worst coach in team history, then on top of that they nerf the bigmac deal and still sell out every game. wtf
Would get awful crowded in the paint
Eh fuck the Celtics 
Horford is probably the worst matchup for him in the league.
dunno why you get downvoted. he's useless. 
Trade Dunn? Wtf...
Duh?
Sorry bro, my mistake, thought he did
has been playing awful.
dude has always had an insane motor his IQ is just pretty low.  He's our Javy Baez
God people are thick in the head
Because he was doing soccer tricks doing warmups?!

Edit: my fantasy week just started, gonna suck :(
Realigning of the tank, been out of focus lately.
I like Doncic a lot too, and if we end up using that #1 pick I’m all for it. I just see an overlap at the 2 spot because Doncic doesn’t have the speed and athleticism to guard the 3. LaVine playing at the 2 means it’d be difficult for us to play them both unless we shift LaVine to the 1, but then we still have no 3 and Dunn is on the bench. 
Not easy with a heavy basket ball !

Also still having stuff going on with that ankle he sprained ...
How do you *not* love this dude?
As someone who is sad that he may be leaving Chicago soon, I wholeheartedly agree and you can definitely @ me
ya mama mediocre
The ceiling is the roof, at the very least. 
Not as bad as the gun violence tho
Yeah you forgot that it's still cold af here duhhhhh
I can outrun bullets, I can't outrun the cold
"it's only in the bad areas"

mf'ers get outta here with that shit, i know them shootas got that student discount for the CTA, they up in this shit. 
Y'all making me so fucking hungry in the middle of the night...
oh shit i forgot i had tickets to tonights game 
This should be a close game.
Fuck the Celtics! 
I have a lot of Boston mates and i hate them during nba season. So cocky and annoying. I hope Dunn and Lauri dunks on Tatum 
fire garpaxberg or this tank is pointless
How can I forget?  This stupid tank constantly reminds me
Beating them in a playoff series down the road > random meaningless regular season game no one will remember
fuck this sub. fund a billboard, then they resign the asshole and everyone just rolls over and starts kissing ass. you suck.
that would be insane. G league players might benefit a lot from that. it might get more highschool players to choose the G league over playing overseas too.
Taj was leaving anyway. And we’re talking about Doug. Come on. This is not a borderline all star. This is a borderline rotation player. You mad Snell gone too? However it came to pass, we’ve got Nwaba.  I’ll take his defense and athleticism over Doug’s flat foot shooting any day. 
Don't forget inexplicably throwing in the 2019 (2018?) 2nd round pick that might end up being #31 in the draft!
Literally a mind numbingly stupid move.
Then you don't make the trade. This trade is the equivalent of punching yourself in the balls when you could've stood still and done nothing. It's pointless, painful and makes you look stupid in front of everybody else.
I have this terrible gut feeling that they'll flip him for nothing. Love the dude so far, humble, smart, insane motor and takes pride on D. Reminds me of a Thibs era guy
I declare Kris Dunn a bust! One year on Minnesota as a back up proved this! The status of bust shall NEVER change no matter what his numbers may say! He is a BUST I tell you! BUST! If you disagree, you, by association, are also a BUST! And you're STUPID! Stop watching basketball because you OBVIOUSLY KNOW NOTHING!
The irony being stacked at SG position after Jimmy's departure.


Makes me wonder what happened to Paul Zipser as of late.
He was never good.
Lonzos a bitch, fuck trump tho
Have you watched his games? God he takes stupid fouls
I'm not even mad
That's crazy he was still 4 years away from playing with the Bulls.
Dude we have zero idea how this guys gonna play after an injury like he has, he could be the worst player now. We have no idea. It’s fine to get hyped but it could go badly. 
I am a little afraid too. Dallas and Atlanta are just 1 - 2 losses behind and at least Atlanta has an even worse team.
That last 3 over Kyle O'Quinn was nasty.

LET ME STEP BACK AND KISS MYSELF. 
I declare Kris Dunn a bust! One year on Minnesota as a back up proved this! The status of bust shall NEVER change no matter what his numbers may say! He is a BUST I tell you! BUST! If you disagree, you, by association, are also a BUST! And you're STUPID! Stop watching basketball because you OBVIOUSLY KNOW NOTHING! 
Max contract to a guy who has already torn his ACL twice at age 22? Yeah, no thanks. Feel bad for whatever sucker team falls for that.

We already have 1 guy coming off an ACL tear that's gonna get a max or near max in LaVine. Signing another would be insanity 
Someone edit Grant's hair flip to a shampoo ad. I don't have a PC to do it :(
He's fucking up THE TANK!!! 
You could make the claim Lauri looks stronger than KP already. I mean look at them.
Nwaba bull of the game!
Mirotic: Fuck the tank!
2 game streak motherfuckers !
WEIRD ASS GAME. ONTO LOMACHENKO/RIGODEAUX
Denzel shoots whenever he gets the ball but doesnt heave up a shot and the end of the half to protect his shitty percentages. Fucking hate this guy so much.
I was like.. HOLY SHIT!! 2 IN A ROW?? WTF? That is impossible nor did I sign up for this shit! ..oh wait Hawks won? Nice move Bulls.
The team is unbeataBULL with him y'know.


Too bad were tanking.
> ONTO LOMACHENKO/RIGODEAUX

That was a weird ass match too.
I think he is improving on it, he was rusty when he came back. Now he is having a little groove and cutting down the TO a bit.
Higher res:  
[Nikola](https://i.imgur.com/UWKiWAr.png)  

Bonus:  
[Portis](https://i.imgur.com/2y5j6wD.jpg)  
[Pondexter](https://i.imgur.com/ixRZS24.jpg)  
[Grant](https://i.imgur.com/tMUcIta.png)  
Extra: [FABULOUS Grant](https://i.imgur.com/qC0YsqH.png)
What is this context? Was this Game of Thrones night? Cersei wig?
Wait what the fuck are they doin?
They are all being Cersei from game of thrones 
[Game of Thrones Outtakes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IT4OnjBt-M)
If you think about it, it they were both 6'0, Lauri would fuck Kristaps bitch ez 
>1 Drink if Justin Holiday shoots


Sorry, I'm not trying to die 
1 drink when felicio makes a dumb look when he fouls
PLAYING THE THUNDER DRINKING GAME NOW
Kris fucking DUnn
Awful pass, Lauri
FUCKIN FUCK YES
Kris Dunn's defensive awareness is insane
I have a feeling Dunn is gonna hit this game winner. He's been close the last couple of game winners.
Dunn already has 5/4/3/1 in just 8 minutes, dude is doing everything lately
Damn nwaba I just about jumped out of my chair. That would have been violent
This Game of Thrones theme is fucking terrible tbh 
grants been automatic on that midrange fadeaway lately
The return of the pump fake
**HOLY FUCK NWABA** **BRING ME THE SAUCE**
man that guys sings weird
Dougie revenge game
The pump fake is back!
Lauri needs to get his game up. I like this competition for the PF spot. 
Man I hope that this is a long slump and not Markkanen regressing to the mean. What the fuck is up with his shot?
DAMN BAD BOOFIN ROPEZ
this fucking team but we got hacked
Oh, Justin Holiday...how the fuck are you in the NBA?
Man Porzingis grabbed his wrist, bad pass but that's a second foul down here they missed
End the game!
Knicks offense looks dreadful
NWABA A BAD MAN
SERIOUSLY LAURI I'M HAVING HEART ATTACK!
This GoT theme is weird as shit.
Nwaba goes off in every game I watch
I dunno if the Bulls are gonna keep the worst record in basketball. 
kris came out of fucking nowhere
aight now its time to lose the game boys
WTF? Did they forget how to play basketball?
Another game, another L?
I hate Porzingis. Flopping ass. 
Cant wait til Valentine and Holiday are off this team. Such worthless players.
I hate fantasy like Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter... And even I got roped in by Game of Thrones
I feel like we fucked up trading him and Taj to OKC. Also Snell to the Bucks was a bad move too.
Wait until we play a team in the West, you'll hate them again. The bum Knicks being .500 in the East is a testament to how bad the conference is, makes us look better than reality

It has been horrible every back-to-back game, that's why GO INSIDE
So, what I'm saying, stop shooting threes tonight, lauri. You have killed it inside arc so go there!
He played a game a week or so ago.
Horrible moves, we got Cam Payne out of those trades ....... 
we're 5 and fucking 20 slow your roll we'll be alright. 
Its my assumption based on the perception of the last couple game. I could be FUCKING wrong. Just giving my 2 cents dude
Never said you did I just said its dumb, you didn't have to reply to my comment.
Rim protection is the difference though. One is elite one isn't. That's a big thing to ignore when comparing the two. Doesn't mean Dirk is a bad defender. 
It’s because the Bulls are bad, next year all the casuals will get on board.
Knicks are going down so hard
Hopefully the game is decided either way before the Loma-Rigo fight tonight because I can't miss that but I wanna watch both!
eh, that's not his game. It'll be 8 points on 25% ts or 25 on 70% ts.
Who’s laughing now bitch! Hahahahahaha (that shit was ugly tho) 
That's too bad that he feels a little cut off from the rest of the guys. From the way they interact on the floor it always seemed to me like Robin was looking after him.
Feel sad for him but heres what came to mind.... https://media.giphy.com/media/bPdI2MXEbnDUs/giphy.gif
They at least trade emojis on Instagram
Tough for me to decide as a child of the 90s between Charles Smith's 15 tries to tie game five, but even though we lost the series I remember the entire world coming up a stop when:

https://youtu.be/srl2Bwh6A3I
I hope they randomly end up besties
He wanted us to go 4-20 so badly
> Cutting Spencer Dinwiddie. 

Didn't see you or anyone else losing their mind over this roster move when it happened - dude was trash when he was on our team.
Only bad move you mentioned is trading the picks for McDermott, and even then there was a reason...We needed a Kyle Korver type player to make a run for the Championship.

Everything else is blown out of proportion. GarPax could definitely be better and definitely have made mistakes but they aren’t the worst in the league.

Speak for yourself. I rode for that man when he was basically unknown. If a casual fan like me could see he had talent, how did the front office miss it?
hOrRiBlE sHoOtEr
Meanwhile the fake KD will probably downvote this with his multiple accounts 
Well at least we have the dankest record in the NBA.
Lauri has ice in his blood, what a bounce back game!
Can somebody please put the game highlights from Ximo Pierto or somebody else on streamable?
Ayyyy butt clenched so hard
Held Kemba to an even worse percentage
No lol
Dunn is growing into the game and we're seeing it happen
These are questionable calls 
make lauri take the game winner
We did it! We won a game! 
Oh my gawdddddddddddd. Why do I still watch this team! I already have a headache 4 mins into the game...
Can’t let fucking Dwight do that
I MISSED THAT PUMP FAKE
wtf defense was that zipser
OH FUCK YES ROOK
NBA Game of the Year candidate? 
COMMON LAURI FUCK EM UP 
Damn, Dwight still got (some of) it. He bit the pump fake and recovered like it was nothing
Fuck Howard is such a crybaby, horrible
Justin Holiday is so phenomenally bad.  We're 23.5 games in and he's the tank MVP.
That chick was 16? I feel dirty now.
What's going on? ESPN says game delayed?
crazy eyes Bobby is fucking terrifying
These fucking fouls
#RAW SAUCE
This is actually rigged Wtf...
We already 100% the worst team, lets get a W pls
I THINK WE WON. FUCK THE RAPTORS WE ARE NOW THE HORNET KILLERS. 
Charlotte is fucking horrible
FUCK YEAH LAURI
The Hornets' PA guy is very annoying
Jesus that was clumsy by bob
So dumb by Portis...
reviewing for flagrant? fucking kidding me, leagues got soft as hell
WTF Portis. Sit yo frustrated ass down
Some stupid mistakes all around for Bulls tonight...
5 bucks for a pizza slice is criminal
Not watching the game but the ESPN box score says the game is delayed?

WTF is going on?
SAD HOLIDAYS EVERYONE
Holy crap what a shocker from Kemba
i'd rather start Nwaba over Valentine just Nwaba just brings energy whenever he's in the game.
Hoiberg's plays coming out of timeouts are fucking terrible.
Still trying to figure how he's still in the league. And he's a former ROY at that, that was one terrible draft class
Yes, he isn't the Blind man bouncing basketball...grant...
nah, tank commander gotta come in clutch and lose us this game
Yeah without him they would be worse than us.
That drinking game would cause bodies
I mean how much worse can it get. Hah. They look so lost as is. The only thing that comes to my mind is "What a bunch of amateurs"
I mean he isn't wrong. He's constantly playing himself.
he's one of the worst defenders I've ever watched. and he's also garbage on offense- can't even make open shots. dunno why this guy is still getting any burn time
He got hacked so fucking bad with no call.
I am, just some random weird opinions of fans of him.
Hornets are pretty bad, bottom tier of the league bad imo ...
Small market+ bad team that doesn't wanna commit to tanking= recipe for disaster 
Kinda weird cause the dude made the pass when Niko fouled him
and questionably initiated by Walker, too
we have the worst record by like 3 games.  I think the guys deserve a little moral booster.
its not like he's like this every time. He had a couple of late game highlights this season 
I mean... I want to tank but I don't want to go 3-79
#RAW SAUCE
Seriously this team is going nowhere
I don't know man. He has some weird biases and things he always harps on when he's frustrated with the play on the court. 
[Highlights of the game](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQYmhnhm7_s)

Stepback 3 at about :27 seconds is nasty
Smh losing to eurotrash teams imagine how bad he'd lose to a real team.
Yeah he is. His production is absurd  
Unfortuantely no he's being serious. 
What? Ben Simmons is an insane athlete, look at his speed measurables
Has he ever played in a competitive or exhibition game against NBA players?
puns are fuckin stupid don't @ me
And also, this comment was about match up between teams, you pathetic troll. have fun on your mommy's basement. Let us know if you need some Playboys down there to read. It's obvious 17yo kids won't throw 20 points against Westbrook and co. 

I feel like Denzel can play that Batum like role. I don’t like Batum but I mean he can do a little bit of everything and shoot the 3 well.
sometimes that's just because of the scheme. like, if u think u are open, shoot it, fuck the clock. you might end up with a worse shot after it 
Getting a pick and roll then Denzel getting doubled and finding an open man is NOT play-making ya he made the shot and counts as an assist but that's not really playmaking. Playmaking is when you collapse the defense and get someone open which Denzel DOESN'T DO.

Then his rebounding is just him trying to pad his stats literally he tries to steal his teammates rebounds just trying to grab every board he can it's dumb.

His shot selection is still stupid IDC if he makes it over 25% of his shots are always BAD SHOTS and his defense is not good people really overrate his defense.

There's my take
Jones played college ball with my hometown team (UNLV), so that would be really cool. Hope to see him slam down some nasty dunks in Bulls red
I mean I cant say who I got this from but its from someone who has connections in the nba agency industry, not exactly a blockbuster move either so I don't see what I stand to gain by sharing this if it was fake
They need to dump Zipser and add this Jones guy. Zipser had made it clear this year that he's terrible, no use leaving him around when there's 0 potential there 
41?? I know it’s the G League but fuck that is insane.
Why can't you say who it is is it a secret agent for the government? God? 
I'm skeptical of things people say even if I know them. But secondhand information from a stranger on the internet? 
The subreddit can’t handle the truth.    They are still in denial while I have moved on to anger.  I have a head start because I went through this before in the early 2000s.
>  They are still in denial while I have moved on to anger.

About what? Please don't tell me you're talking about the trade
I’m talking about the front office’s inability to build around Butler.  If they were “forced” to trade him that’s an admission of failure of monumental proportions.
Yeah, fucking Apollo posted early, I acknowledge them as well. 
Aim high baby. Nothing wrong with expecting greatness from yourself and those around you. That's something all winners have in common. 
At least he didn't start with, why not me...
Seriously. He has the 2nd lowest FG% in the league. Behind Justin Holiday of course. 
I can only hype guys *like* Payne. :(
FUCK I WANTED HIM
Chicago has the worst fans 
That was dumb. The crowd did at least cheer him when he came to a game as a fan during last year's playoffs.
I mean he's an athlete not Nelson Mandela.  Idk what's wrong with booing him when he plays for the other team
Fuck you, guy is a creep.
Introducing your MVP player after a year of no basketball during the 2nd round is purely idiotic 
Nah still fuck u 
Everyone has a right to their opinion no matter how stupid it is.
He was cleared to play in February. He had time to practice and get adjusted to playing at least a small role. 
The discussion is how mistreated Derrick was. Which he was insanely disrespected, especially by this demographic. 
As opposed to blind fans who worship .... garpax and reinsdorf? 
No after that.  He didn't play after the acl bc of that. But the communication with management was bad. I'm talking about this.  He was sitting out games because he didn't want to be sore in meetings or his son's graduation. After he came back and started playing. 

https://www.google.com/amp/thebiglead.com/2014/11/12/derrick-rose-sitting-out-games-so-he-wont-be-sore-during-future-meetings-and-his-sons-graduation/amp/
The last tweener who was picked number 1 overall also turned out really, _really_, badly
I understand that you get downvoted here but you do have point. With FO like GarPax it might take a long fucking time before the Bulls make the playoffs. Ownership needs to look in the mirror too. Chicago is the 3rd largest city in US and the Bulls are operating like they are in fuckin Oklahoma City, selling trade picks and assets for nothing just to save a buck.
i'd sign him asap, just for his dunks alone. gives an entertainment factor in this bleak season.
You would think this guy would at least get a spot on a D League team somewhere. 
fuck
Image of the dunk showing just how ridiculous Mo Bamba's wingspan is: https://twitter.com/HornSports/status/938274076749193217

Comparisons of Bamba's dunk to the Dwight Sticker Dunk from the dunk contest and the Giannis poster on Baynes in October. 
https://twitter.com/JaredWeissNBA/status/938212098554900480
Shows bad judgment by the FO. 
But wait.. I thought all the NBA keyboard experts told me Kris Dunn was a bust? You mean you shouldn't come to conclusions about a player after 2 years in the league? Who would have a thought..
Don't even bother. If Kris Dunn averaged a triple double on 50% shooting some of the people here would still find ways to shit on him. They've anchored on the idea that he's a bust and can't let go. Pride can do dangerously stupid things
Unfortunately I don't see the defensive skills that Klay has in Lauri. There's a 5" height difference and 25 lbs weight difference between the two, so Lauri just can't move his body as well. Plus Lauri doesn't have the chance to be a lockdown defender cause he's in the paint. Now, I can see our guy being a double-double machine with the way he rebounds, but he's not gonna be all-NBA defensive team by any means, imo
This is like lurking your ex-GF's FB profile, having fun with one of your crew that you now longer speak with. :(
Fans like you are the worst. 
Sorry, Mr. Reinsdorf.  
Wanting our team to not be a laughing stock?  Yeah the worst.  
You guys are so weird about tanking 
What the fuck was Zel doing. I don't mind a loss, but to lose like this is awful. Denzel dribbled that ball upcourt with 0 purpose, bailed it out to Markannen who had to take a shitty shot. My god
Lauri really-really-REALLY needs a bounce back game soon. I hope he gets one against the Hornets or the Knicks. I've never seen him doubt and curse himself this much. He's usually a Kawhi-like machine that just executes.
I still get excited and I still get so disappointed :(
4 points in the last 7:15 of the game. We are putting on a tanking clinic these past few weeks.
Holy shit 3-20. I knew we would be bad but goddamn we are BAD.
I feel bad for our boys though
4-20 Meme would by fucking lit fam
Hey! Listen to this guy! If watching Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons play doesn't get your dick hard then there's something wrong!
yea he stinks, it makes me sad for him for some reason.
Definitely, it’s been hard watching us choke away games. It makes it even harder when he’s playing bad.
I gotta find the link, but I saw on twitter that the team was visibly pissed off in the locker room after the game. 
Forgot about that one :/
IIRC, they had to choose between ibaka and harden and he chose to give the money to ibaka. Someone please correct me if I’m wrong on that
You round that down!!!! Immediately!!!!
Who knows. Guys a fucking nutjob with one of the weirdest and worst shticks i've ever seen. It's like he's a troll, but noone has any idea what the fuck he's talking about so it's not even trolling. It's just something to give an obligatory downvote to because he posts this shit every game. 
Damn Dunn had that killer instinct but it was in and out, bad luck.

I'm all for tanking but this game is getting to me.
Hoiberg has to be gone at the end of the year. Terrible coaching.

I'm 100% for the tank but it's disgusting to lose games like this. 
One punch man has been trash lately
Omg, they start playing 1v1 and not 5v5...pass the damn ball and play together. Damn selfish plays is a loss again...
Stacey king was just mad about Lauri taking a wide open 3 off of a kick...
Grant has no iso game
what is wrong with Lauri every 3 is brick city 
OHHHHHH DUNN!!! Get that weak shit outta here 
"What's a computer?"

That's a weak ad
WTF is up with all double FT misses
Lauri gonna go off tonight and not look so tired. 
Lauri's rough patch continues. He has been terrible on both ends. Gets constantly beaten on defense and shot is not falling on the other end. 
y u fucking up our tank indiana?
FUCK! I thought that was in.
Dunn don't go "Blind man bouncing"
we got that 10 game losing streak on lock.
These tanking memes are starting to be pathetic
So disappointing, down 17, no lead change until 30s left. Hnnnggggggg
What the fuck was Zel doing
Zel dropping fucking DIMES! 
dunn OC as fuck
Where do you get the Hoiberg in to this, when the players don't play under pressure how they are supposed. No amount of yelling from coach will fix that. This is on the players and their failure to handle pressure.
who's turning on him? He's just been bad since the West Coast trip. That's what happens when people start going crazy 5 games into the season and start throwing out "would you rather have Lauri or Porzingis" debates. People start panicking when he comes down to Earth
Europeans watchin weekdays against common sense...
Drunk thought — play Niko at 3 for the lols.
Terrible signing. Him and Niko both shouldve got 1yr "prove it" deals
And also, unlike some players on our tankathon roster, he gives usually ball away if he hits wall inside. If he keeps practicing this driving, he might sooner than we think end up averaging 3,5-4 assists per game. 
Nothing. At that point the game was already out of his hands. Which is my concern.
Him and Dunn on the perimeter must annoy the fuck out of teams
Just saw like 4 posts saying he’s turning into Niko, which a) I’m not a big fan of all the Niko hate anyway, but b) come on. 

Also, in no way has he been bad. He’s been inefficient. He’s continued to be a consistent 13 ppg and gets you rebounds and has slowly expanded his play making. 

Look at every player that’s a star now and see their efficiency as a rookie. This is standard behavior, and saying he’s playing badly is ridiculous. 
I'm not sure that jacking up shots is an accomplishment in and of itself but yes, he might just be hitting the rookie wall. He's 20th among power forwards in 3pt% though, that has to come up. Even with the volume explanation, that's not great. He's a rookie though
These dudes in the G League are so afraid of committing a foul because they might get benched to foul trouble and think scouts only look at the box score and see a league of 100 bigs who had a 18 12 game once instead of a league of 100 bigs who don't move at all or play D

it's kinda pathetic
This is gonna be one of those “OMG how did they pick him #1 over x player” the #2 pick is gonna be a HoF cuz GarPax are incompetent
But if they get the third pick they would take him?

KC a little WTF the Twitter lately...
Play badly for Bagley? Does that work?
Not when they pick wrong
Surprisingly not. I think he'll have plenty of time to rest up and his playing style isn't something that relies on his athleticism.
Too bad there's no measurement for basketball IQ.
being slow is not a good thing. change of pace is a useful tactic but when the defense has the speed to catch up then its almost useless.
Hype =/= actual ceiling
Mirotic thrived in the Euroleague. Euroball isn’t that hard.
I feel you. I hate this process, but I want to do it right. 
Well that's just not even close. There's a huge difference. Logic, my friend. Cheers to hoping the bulls draft Doncic so you and all the Bulls/Doncic fans will be miserable about getting a taller version of Ricky Rubio.
Well Shaq still had an awful work ethic which I think is an extension of motor. He would routinely come into the season well overweight and has been noted plenty of times of not trying during the regular season.

Motor/Work ethic is seemingly Ayton's biggest supposed weakness right now and I believe that it's overblown.
Tell me how I am wrong. Or is it just taboo to speak it aloud? 
fuck The Splash Bros, we got The Brick Bros!!! leading us to a #1 pick
Who will prevail. Hard battle
you comment this weird ass shit on everything? What is leki? Am I the only one who has no clue what youre talking about? 
Worst record only guarantees a 4th overall pick. 
hes really not a good shooter by any means yet.
fuck, my brain just melted
If you're getting your scouting reports and player evals from Reddit, you're doing it wrong!
sorry everyone on reddit is usually the smartest person anywhere so i usually put a lot of stock and value into their professional opinions 
thats bad for the culture if you traded a prospect you traded your all star for especially if he's playing well.
Size =/= skill
and Oden over Durant. those poor souls :(
Slow release, slow in general. Looks like he's playing against mid-major D1 level players. Not impressed. 
This is a fucking banger.
Well I mean we are trying to lose
Nate is pushing to Tyrese levels of desperate.
He would lose by 10+ in a game to 21 against every guard on the roster.
Oh my god, go be serious where someone cares. 
Yeah I'd rather lose without wanting to off myself every game
Nah I don't want to decide on maxing out a young player coming off an injury without getting some serious run in. Not going to affect the tank that badly...
because they understand small sample size
He is
Edit: Not at all saying he is bad. There is a difference between being bad, and being a bust.
We gonna do this post after every game?
Wtf else are we gonna talk about?
What the fuck are you talking about..?
It's annoying indeed. But another colour for the paint, like what??

Maybe a shade lighter or darker wood instead of a painted colour.
Part of the reason why wearing solid at home is dumb as fuck 
I haven't watched one game this season but GOD DAMN if the most exciting moment of this game for the fans was a meaningless buzzer beating 3 pointer then this season has been brutal.
GAME MVP'S: Kris Dunn, and the guy who yelled FELICIOOOOO every time he got the ball. 
fuck lebron
That was fucking hysterical
Agreed. Lauri's shot looks a bit flat, I think it's fatigue. Not sure how rookie wall is usually handled; should he just keep playing through it or take a game or two off? He's played a ton this fall though. I don't think lowering minutes is the way to go, I don't think it would do anything.
Just because he's looked up to doesn't mean he has to do anything
Even during a tank those tickets are expensive AF! I'm jealous of you guys.
I'm not calling you a LeBron hater, but you can't seriously call him a douchebag for not giving each of them a handshake.
Totally, I understand. And it didn't have to be everyone. It's just the notion which would have counted. And it wasn't there :( Lauri would have been stoked on getta handshake from LeBron for example. 
Does Felicio acknowledge you? Or any of the players for that matter? They must know you're fucking with them. 
I so wanted Lauri to get that dunk. Damn that sucks.
Is it weird if I got a boner watching the Swinging Seniors?
My poor little heart can’t take another close game. Let’s get down by 30 at halftime tonight
Anything you can do i can do worse!
Why is Lauri shooting poorly lately?
Just fuck my shit up
I think we're using the term "Small Forward" literally.
You still fucking suck Holiday
I have a feeling we're about to witness gruesome genocide
The main gripe I have with this team is just dumb mistakes. Pulling up for a 3 with 20 seconds on the shot clock with no rebounders. Zipser with an open look at the end pump fakes then is forced to take a contested crap shot and bricks it. Kicking it out for 3 after passing up a layup. That stuff is annoying as hell.
God I wish wade tried this hard for us
Does anyone else hate the "vintage" call, it's over used as fuck.
Who else thinks K Felder should take over Grant as the backup PG? At least he passes the ball and creates some  ball movement instead of just dribbling out the clock.
Hope Wade gets booed. Fuck that bum
just then i pretended i was the bulls announcer and i started with 6'9' number 9... from south sudan luol deng :'(
These guys can't even make lay ups on a 3v1 fast break. So fucking pathetic 
Awful offensive start for Dunn today smh. Get it together dude 
HOLY SHIT, HOIBERG PUT IN MARKKANEN WITH OVER 4 MINUTES IN THE 4TH QUARTER! 
Fuck LeBron, as usual. 
This could get ugly
KAY FELDER REVENGE GAME. FUCK D WADE! 
Oh look, 2 mins into the 2nd quarter and game is already turning into a blowout.


Feel bad for anyone wasting their money to attend these games 
Bulls chucking hasty three pointer(s) with no one under the rim for rebounds... Every. Fucking Quarter. SMH

Also, I seriously wonder what's wrong with Lauri's jumper. Is he lifting weights a lot? Is it mental? Is there something sore? Is he working with some technique stuff that temporarily might be bad but when finished ends up better form than before?
Some guy on Facebook used to always talk shit about Kirk, said he'd just dribble out the clock. But grant is worse. Jeez guy
I was hoping he'd develop into something but man I'm tired of all these failed projects. Portis, Felicio, Mirotic... no more scrubs pls
Nobody on our team can guard him so it's kinda pointless to complain about. 
Cringey as fuck. 
I think the only place he’s seriously hated is here. 
THANK YOU! I'm so sick of that shit from him. Teams don't crash the glass AT ALL. 
Icy cold maybe. He just made a 3 after air-balling one a few minutes ago. Dude has all the talent to do it but can't put it together yet. Frustrating to watch
Every game is garbage time.
> Bulls chucking hasty three pointer(s) with no one under the rim for rebounds... Every. Fucking Quarter. SMH

Found Stacey's account. 
Chicago's fucking dangerous man...
I know you love Valentine but he pulls up and fire's away on breaks when it's a terrible shot. He's not Steph Curry.
How did he get worse? This team,man.
At least Portis and Niko try to make a play, Felicio just fouls and than makes that stupid ass expression whenever he gets called for it. 
 i've just been playing 17. i heard 18 is worse.
The revenge narrative PLUS we are awful generally speaking and he's up against our bench. He should be torching us. 
You mean bandwagoners? Makes sense.
How much more he is gonna complain about that? His stats were horrible anyway.
Nobody ever *used* to have a bad back.
It wouldn't be the end of the world if we got Bagley, but I can hear Gar now saying, "He's a proven winner" and rattling off a bunch of bullshit like usual 
The game had changed. Having three 6'11 guys isn't optimal when 2 of them can't shoot.
Speaking of Zipser, anyone know why he hasn't been getting any tic lately?
I enjoy watching the Bulls games this year .... via youtube highlights.  Brutal.
hes been pretty terrible. He needs a playmaker by his side. otherwise he is lost on the court.
These aren’t the Bizarro Bulls. These are the Bad Bulls. 
I’m always ready for game day boys!! Let’s go out there and get that L! Wooohooooo!
Eternal Fuck Lebron
Damnit, hate when the Bulls are on WGN.
FUCK LEBRON
Sorry I goofed the title
He is much much worse than Felicio 
His overall defense is bad enough, he's not very athletic and provides no rim protection. A move to C would be impossible for him imo
definitely. Idk if he will ever refine the necessary skills to facilitate an offense at the point, but I'm hopeful that he can at least be an average defender, and regardless of his suboptimal point guard skills, he can fucking ball out
What's with the random E-Rob highlights? Did he pass away or something?
Poor, poor man's Kobe. 
Fake news! Wet water is a left wing lie.
I mean, he's seen at least 7 seconds of gifs, judging by the article
Well, sorry for ruining your Reddit: The Ride™ experience.

That's the only way I know how to respond to your comment. Sorry, man.
your tired formulaic anti-troll tactic aside, people like you are why we end up with a shitty product to watch. bad fan.
ill be the spooky ghost haunting your retarded bullshit comment threads then! LOL 😂
The record is just over 2 threes a game? Huh
It's bad. Mmmkay.
Afraid to lose spot to mirotic if he rests?
I believe him and not his scary eyes making me post this.
Phew that was close, can't be winning against the other terrible teams
That’s what I fucking like to see. Keep em coming. 
Some ugly shots towards the end of the game for Lauri, preserved the tank, but I want to see him out of this slump.
I didn’t think he played that bad this game. 
The Zach Attack is on deck. I'm hesitant to say we're gonna finish with the worst record. Prob 3rd or 4th worst.
Felicio and Zipser get sick of me talking shit all year? Men on a mission.
Holiday throws up some dumbass shit. I don't know how he is averaging 15 PPG. OH WAIT HE TAKES 15 SHOTS A GAME AND IS SHOOTING 36%. 
That's mad suspect whispering into a dude's ear like that.
Bulls to offer WCS a max contract after today's game 
Dunn I am sorry but you have to shoot that, you are shooting 43% from 3 this year, JUST POP IT BABY. 
Holiday wants Bagley as bad as the rest of us do
omg this might be the worst singer ive ever heard do the national anthem
Not sure about this singer.
dont let this be a one game thing zip..
At half-time, Zipser leads the Bulls in scoring? With Felicio and Holiday only one point behind? Wh-how-huh?!
Bad shot, Lauri.
I hate this lineup so much
kosta koufos breaking out the floater. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQBXc0uTjoA

fucking hell this video slays me.
The poster machine was fake this whole time wtf
Lauri should've taken the 3 there. Not a good idea to drive against WCS
Did I just see people in the crowd react as if the Bulls won the game when Grant made that buzzer beater? Whoops!
If they want to have the worst season of all time they should trade him.
I was surprised at how bad she was. Was embarrassing 
I was just coming on to post this... like wtf.
It’s weird because I thought attendance was calculated by ticket scans at the gate not by ticket sales
Crazy how Hoiturd just sits there and watches and does nothing about it. Guess he's been instructed by GarPax to lose as much as possible, or he's beyond incompetent 
fuck ABORT ABORT ABORT
Doesn’t this mean he’ll still be in the draft but not play till the season after?
It's what he was known for at Iowa State. It's what makes the Wade and Rondo signings especially stupid. 
Kris, stalwart guardian and protector, of house Dunn.  Battle hardened by the frigid lands of the North. 
Tough one to loose, But we just had a game played yesterday, the Bulls are tired, i say the Bulls will get a solid loss  today
So does that mean Kris Dunn is trade bait? Or do you shift him to shooting guard?
We get ~6th pick and two productive wings for a middle-of-the-pack center (the least valuable position in today's game), a 2nd round pick, and one of the least efficient wings in the league?
Imagine that with a Lauri/Bagley frontcourt. Other FC's would be exhausted by halftime trying to contend with those two together.
Agree 100%, esp lately. Get other scorers to take the pressure off tho and I think he can thrive 
I need a 30 Point game from Lauri. 
I like it. I'm sad it's not gonna happen in this timeline... :(
Big men with questionable drives scream bust to me.
yea the hawks really hate their pick in 2k somehow
Jesus Christ, Holiday is ridiculous. That stretch at the final minute of the game was disgusting.
Some really bad plays by Holiday at the end. 
Fuck No Nut November. It’s NO WIN NOVEMBER

PROTECC THE TANK
Justin Holiday with the clutch defense at the end. Just when it looks like we are about to win he failed miserably three times in a row! Tank commander.
At least Lauri had 20 and 9 tonight
“We want Luka, let him drain that shit!”
> That stretch at the final minute of the game was ~~disgusting~~ dedication. 

I am tankful!
In Finland it's No Meat November. Also, NO WIN NOVEMBER!
Honestly, hard agree, at least in terms of on-floor presence and tone.
It was a territorial dispute; the Anderson's got tickets to the game.
You have a weird obsession with LeKi
Sorry homie 
Lauri probably fucked his bitch in highschool 
Two retards brainstorming their big plan. Entertainment at its finest. 
You guys saw Lauri get frustrated when he didn't get the ball in the post on a smaller defender ?
Listen, I realize this is one of the few times I'll have the chance to shittalk a team, so just let me try:

It's not the Nuggets' fault, they probably just aren't used to the thin Denver air.
Holiday is as bad as the Nuggets mascot
Shit luck for Denver. Jokic hurt and fucking Zipser is nailing 3s. Not their night 
A lot of Lauris misses are in and out, infuriating !!
that shot speaks volumes about holiday. selfish, awful player who is just so clueless about situational bball
KRIS FUCKING DUNN BABY
Hahahahahaa wow . Dunn with the game winner, with only 2 seconds to celebrate until the Nuggets get the real game winner. 
Dunn and RoLo are ABUSING Jokic on the pick and roll. They've scored at least 8 or 10 points off that tonight.
WGN is drunk
Valentine has been impressing me as of late
Hate seeing this team be so garbage.
i keep confusing murray and harris myself, neil
I would like to order one Lauri buzzer beater game winner please
Yes, Holiday the tank commander secures the game.
Now do I want a Lauri game winner or a loss... 🤔
For all his occasions of bad decision making, Dunn runs the pick and roll really well.
dunn wtf
I swear to god whenever we're doing well in a game, Hoiberg pulls Holiday over and tells him to start chucking in an effort to protect the tank.
No one mentioning Kris Dunn looking legit as fuck?
Fuck yeah Lauri!!!
FUCKING JUSTIN
wow holiday is an idiot

Swear Holiday is doing this shit on purpose. Lauri dagger? No! Foul @ 3point line and brick the shot. Foul again!!
Foul a 3 point shooter, then take a bad shot and then foul drive to basket. Holiday is on a roll.
What the fuck he just walked through our defense.
Hopefully this game is where Lauri gets out of his slump
# **FUCKING JUSTIN**
cmon we need a W, can't have a worse season than the 73 Sixers
WTF HOLIDAY
what the fuck is wrong with him
Jesus fucking Christ Silver'll be looking into Holiday for match fixing on that one.
Fucking take Holiday and dump him in the trash, worthless and takes up space for a younger player 

Edit: Holiday does indeed help the tank though 
We're 11 of 15 from the field wtf
A lot of careless turnovers tonight 
Jokic is a bad defender
poor nuggets... 
WTF is Zipser back in the rotation for? SIT HIM DOWN FRED!!!!!
Zipser is one of the worst defenders I've ever had to watch.
this lineup is REAL small. plumlee cant close out
sad holidays
Awful defense. Absolutely horrible Defense lololol. Guess our plan is continuing, lose by as little as possible but still lose. 
# **JUST FUCK MY SHIT UP**
Why does God hate us?
Is...is Dunn retarded?
Im so fucking sick of this trash ass bum Justin shit ass Holiday fucking sit his ass on the bench Hoiberg you fucking loser 
Such an awful pass from Zel

edit: Well, maybe not bad.
Grant is the worst man. Dribbles the shot clock down everytime then makes a desperation pass or takes a terrible shot
fuck and king = fucking
There’s a 50/50 chance of him playing extremely well (like tonight) and playing extremely bad
your mom, but it has nothing to do with the game
They came down and doubled him he's been scoring in the post all game.
Lauri game winner please. We’ll lose plenty
I gotta bad feeling about this
You're such a bleak presence
Tankberg. I mean Hoitank.

We're not a good basketball team is what I'm trying to say.
He is getting fucking torched
Jokic stepped on a Bulls foot while driving, turned his ankle pretty badly. 

As for Zipser nailing threes, that's when he shoots from beyond the three point line, and the ball goes through the hoop.
Looked like he rolled his ankle badly.
Tried to throw an over-the-top entrance pass to the post, it hit the rim.
That's the hope. I usually prefer my PGs to already have the basics of the game figured out though. It's not a great sign. 
Barton is also. They're both low floor, high upside guys. Just picked the wrong one. Also, Cavs are bad vs SGs. 
Yea he’s retarded smh....
You mean funk it?
What a trade :( Harris and Nurkic..
You may have meant r/wholesomememes instead of R/wholesomememes.
 
 ---------------------------------------
 
^^^Remember, *^^OP ^^^may ^^^have ^^ninja-edited.* ^^I ^^correct ^^subreddit ^^^and ^^user ^^links ^^with ^^^a ^^capital ^^R ^^^or ^^U, ^^^which ^^are ^^^usually ^^unusable. 
 
 ^^**-Srikar**
Yeah he landed on someone's foot. Poor guy :(
Fuck I still get chills hearing the intro.
Fuck I wish I got see them live.😓😓😓😓
Yeah I mean realistically it’s all about the matchups in game so all hypothetical at this pt. Offensively tho I think you let him run the show and play Dunn off ball. 
Yea I’m not sure why Holiday is a guaranteed start. 
Took him a couple years to adjust to the college game too. He will come and his defense will keep him in the league for a while
Hey folks- I make all of the Nuggets game threads in /r/NBA. What's your starting 5 looking like tonight?

~~Also, is there any reason this game is at 8e instead of 7e?~~ Didn't realize it was in Denver!
Mark my words this is going to be one of those Denver games where they score like 70 points in a half. Gold all in my chain, gold all in my watch, dont believe me just watch!!!!!!!!!!!
As long as we’re not the worst team in nba history bring on those L’s
As crazy as it sounds I will agree with you!
lmfao

Sorry man! Didn't realize that. I read the title and assumed it was in Chicago, since we usually put "@" for if our team is traveling. 
I can't think of a worse scenario than us finding a way to get the eight seed this year
Thank fucking god this drama is seemingly over.
Now I'm waiting for him so sucker punch Bobby and we get March Niko all year.
Niko channel your passive hate for Portis into hoop skills
About 

Fucking

Time .
The worst of times.
Why? I see this perspective from some people on this sub that even if Niko starts consistently playing his basketball he’s somehow bad for the team. 

Why would you not want a player for a team you’re s fan of to excel?
Niko always balls out.. and then stops.. and then does it again.. and then stops again.. 

Personally I'm sick of him and I think Lauri makes him redundant, as well as having more faith in Bobby's development and passion for the game.
Is this real or fake? 95% of people fail this simple test
LEAGUE FUCKED
>Niko is emotional and is a little fucking pussy  

...  


>Don't call me a meatball!
Fuck both of them they suck.
Shoot the ball you fucking meatball
Yeah man that's the other problem. This is why I'm usually opposed to getting guys you have to get creative to hide on D. Like he doesn't seem terrible on that end but a poor defensive wing can get you killed in the NBA.
I’m not convinced he’ll be a terrible defender. He’s 18. He’s got size. Time will tell. Lauri was suppose to be slow too. Lots of people wrong there. 
Everyone hates on Dunn’s shooting form, but c’mon... we’re gonna judge a forced shot he had to take bc there was 1sec on the shot clock?
ooo I want micro-analysis of their relationship based on snippets of in-game footage after every game! 

Please do this /u/jsharpe1 
I know he's no Tom Thibs but man say something Fred! We're down by 50!!! 
congrats for the worst thread to ever be posted on this sub. fuck you both.
 Depression? Fuck that HYPE!!! 


We are gonna be a team to reckon with in the 2020s 
What if I told I do have mine tucked in my underwear because of th cold rn 
Been a while since I've been on this sub, and you are still here... still being fucking annoying as hell.
GarPax partially forgiven.   A blind squirrel finds a nut or two every once in a while.  
He's hitting 42% from 3 this year. That is fucking unfathomable and probably unsustainable, but wow.
But what if it turns out that Lauri sucks? 
I'm not a detractor, he's my favorite prospect we got back in the trade, but if you're going to do this then people are fully in their rights to call you out every game he plays awfully and outplayed by Grant, which is a lot of them. 
Dunn detractor logic - “he was shit as a rookie and he’s 23 now so it’s impossible for him to become a productive player”
He is so bad
Small sample size
I dont think so. He is just that bad without a player like Rondo or Butler around him.

Our offense is so bad Hoiberg legit can't set up a play for this guy to do anything.

All I've seen from this offense is Lauri only gets the ball at the top of the key, usually behind the 3-point line. After that it's all ISO. 70% of the time he takes a spot up three, the other 30% the defender will bite on the fake and he'll try and take it to the hole.

If the D can understand to not bite on the fake and keep Lauri in front of them, he has to settle for the shot.

100% on Hoiberg. The guy cannot draw up a play for shit.
It would probably help if he could rest for a few games instead of clocking 30+ mins per game. 
Didn't catch the game tonight, looked at the box score... Some shitty shooting tonight but hey, the tank rolls on, 1st pick here we come 😂
Kinda late to the party, but still reppin them Bulls. Beep beep.
That contract is looking worse and worse by the game, goddamn. I keep wanting him to have just 1 somewhat decent game to make me think he has any potential but it's just not happening 
He really looks like he doesn't know what's going on out there, very disappointed. Feel like he got the bag and lost focus 
Bobby does play at the 5. And it is awful.

Realistically, this deal is terrible not because we can't afford it (we can, and have to spend on somebody to get to the cap floor) but because Felicio offers zero impact for that money. 7 million a year should get you a role player. Not a great one, but it should at least get you a guy who can catch the ball.

Now we're likely going to have to package shrek with some other asset of value to clear him off the books, or wait out 3 years of him taking a roster spot from an actual basketball player.
Has he ever played the 3 like... ever? Excuse the dumb question.
I posted this the other day, but the automoderator must've removed it.  I wanted to share what I made after a comment by u/dlofx's on the Justin Holiday fail video from u/LonzoBBBall.
awful halftime show the kid sucks at the violin.
Damn Dunn with these slick passes and no one's finishing
KRIS DUNN TIES HIS CAREER HIGH!! WHENEVER HE DOES BAD HIS NEXT GAME IS A FUCKING GUN SHOW!!
Slick no look by Dunn
Lauri having a Niko type game 
Zipser sucks so bad. 
Just look at the boxscore and see Markkanen having a bad game :(
At least we still have the Luvabulls
Holiday with his stupid quick shots
Hey we didn't fuck up a transition. Gj bulls
Crazy how Grant can not shoot at all.
Its weird how Denzel looks like a leader out there. 
Hey wtf happened to our Dunkin Donuts racing segment!?
WHAT THE FUCK HAVE THEY DONE WITH THE DUNKIN DONUTS RACE????!!!
Fuck, what a dumb pass by Dunn... ugh
Lopez and Lauri lost us this game. Oh well. 
This is BAD tanking
Suns give up a league leading 116 pts a game and we might not crack 90. The offensive genius that is Hoiball.
When he goes he goes hard so defenders have to commit, I guess
Who the fuck is Lurri
I don't think so, the Suns are in dangerous risk of needing to tank again. Keep them afloat 
He looks like he is missing bounce, tired legs or what? I guess that's why his shots are short all the time.
One bad stretch in the 4th is the difference in the game. Not the end of the world. 
Dumb ass Fred screwing up this elite lineup
Idk about that man. He was the star for Arizona, became the star for Finland in the summer. Now, he’s forced to be the star at 20 for the Bulls. This dude needs a game off every now and again! 
Yeah. He benefited from being the worst starter on the floor so the defense just let him be. Not surprised he's struggling now. 
i want him back so fucking badly ^^^^on ^^^^a ^^^^vet ^^^^minimum
I wanted him to holster the pistols so badly
Sadly Jo is done. Hasn't been the same since 2014.
It's so sad that Thibs ran him to the ground. When he won DPOY, he finished games when the Bulls were up by 18 with 2 minutes left. I was screaming at the screen "come'on, Thibs! Take him out!"
absolutely disgusting!
Still 2 points maybe that will bring us close to 15 in a half. I'm cynical asf during rebuild seasons so excuse the salt.
the end game is the team chose Bobby but they can't trade Niko until January so they are stuck with him while hoping he gets over it before it's time to move him.
I hope not.  Portis sucks
Lay down what law? What the fuck are you talking about?
I mean, he is a nazi...
I've followed him on Instagram over the past few months. He is the definition of mentally ill just based on his posts and videos he puts up of himself on there.
He needs help
Ben wtf!
This is sad asf. Seeing what he did to Chicago and now seeing what he’s doing now. #freebg7
His last two videos are all I needed to see. His captions are weird as hell too. 
This could be a tough one to lose
Today and Fridays game are about as winnable as any for the bulls. Let’s see if the tank can persevere through.
I’m just waiting for the day to see Number 7. I still have yet to see a Bulls game. I’m not sure when I will.
6 titles in 8 seasons... still unbelievable.
The Bulls are not firing Fred. As Jimmy Butler said, "they chose the Fred Hoiberg route." It was no secret that Jimmy and Fred didn't get along, so they gave JB the boot. They're committed to Fred in the rebuild, rightfully so. 

As we saw with Fiz being fired, some Execs choose the players side, and some choose the coach. Unfortunate that Marc Gasol is so pathetic, or else Fiz would still have a job (he'll be hired again)
Watson was actually a bad coach imo. He would mess up if handed the Warriors.
You are definitely right on that one. Just don’t want to see him go down in the books as one of these absolutely terrible Bulls coaches.  
Too painful man
Who's cutting onions in here?
I can't do it. It's too painful to watch
Oh I’m crying now 

I want him to at least finish this season and go to the finals, but whatever brings him peace. 
... Too painful to relive. 
One of my employees does this...so freaking weird!!!
People love to use advanced stats as a crutch to make the claim that Nikola is actually above average defender. Anyone who knows basketball can tell he's terrible.

I still like Niko, don't get me wrong. But he's atrocious on D.
Ive said this several times here, but the Process is a way for bad GMs to keep their jobs under the false sense of potential and the league  should go further in its tanking reform. 


depressing that this is unpopular, but hooboig is the worst coach the bulls have ever had. psychologically crippling levels of poor leadership and general shittiness. garboig needs to get the fuck out of here. 
There seems to be a popular sentiment lately that the Bulls' rebuild will end immanently. I think that's insanely optimistic, and furthermore I wouldn't want it to even if it did. They traded Jimmy because they wanted a championship, and I don't see the team (with the addition to next year's draft pick) being anywhere near that caliber. I think the Bulls need to tank into 2019, maybe even 2020, at a minimum. 

And also I hate that we're doing it.
I have no problem with Paxson running the show, if Gar is fired or reassigned. I believe that the Carmelo Anthony fail, Pau Gasol signing, Thibs firing, and subsequently hoiberg hiring were all Gar's failed projects. In my opinion all of those things led to Paxson forcing a rebuild and encouraging the hiring of doug collins.
Problem I have is they didn't even take a chance on getting a steal. We need players, badly. There have been 2nd round superstars before and there may have been this yr (but probably not)
I agree that advanced stats are way overused and taken outta context but I don't think mirotic is atrocious on defense. Atrocious is doug mcdermott, atrocious is James Harden two years ago but from the eye test I thought niko is somewhat average
OKC haven't gone far since KD left but I agree. Having a scoring center (without a 3 point shot) isn't as beneficial as it once was. The NBA thinks centers are boring so they try to force pace and 3 point shooting by not rewarding post players with fouls as they do with perimeter players. 
I'm sorry, what is LeKi?
Niko is nowhere near atrocious. He's average at worst. Very underrated post defender and he can stay in front of 4s and some 3s outside. 
It's unrealistic to expect build a Championship team when your key pieces are still on rookie contracts
@cryptacity I agree I think Lopez will be gone at deadline, at least that is what I am hoping for. But yea Im not saying Holiday sucks the point is lets get youth. Fuck a 28 year old. I would rather give Blakenly all his minutes. 
I like Dunn's playing style but in no way is he developing "well" outside of maybe 2-3 games. Awful start to the season
Not true though at all. The front office has failed that team and consistently brought in bad players on bad contracts completely restricting the talent that they can put around those two.
I like his game a lot. I wouldn't mind getting assets and trading a couple spots down for him. 
Crazy to me that Utah is in there. Seems like one bad blow out loss could totally swing these numbers early in the season. 
Doncic is a poor athlete. His lateral quickness is terrible, he lacks explosiveness and even his physique leaves a lot to be desired:

https://twitter.com/EmilioCobosc/status/926405325980389376
Painful season. 
People need to stop making Kris Dunn a thing until he actually becomes a thing. Awful few games from him since the Phoenix one. At least Zel seems to have turned it on these past few games 
Dunn is not good.  That is all.
Doncic has the versatility to play 1-3 but if he's not running the point on most possessions he's being terribly misused. 
Filling in the SF spot doesn't mean he doesn't play point. He'll be a point-forward.
I'm real fucking tired of not running any plays for Lauri. We're literally just using him for dribble-handoffs and to make passes to Lopez in the post. 
what the fuck? I watched almost five minutes - Lauri had two touches, scored one.

It's insane how many shots Holiday gets...
This has to be one of the worst shooting quarters combine right?
This is the worst quarter of basketball I have seen in a while
This is some pretty bad basketball 
oh my god this game should be ruled unconstitutional for violating the 8th amendment
I'm on a plane so i can't stream the game so i'm watching the Gamecast and it's confusing as fuck. 

Side note: if anyone has a vlc stream i'd be pretty pumped to know about it.
Man if Stacey becomes anymore disappointed than this he might quit
Paul sucks on D
Some ugly basketball 
Wtf? What was Grant supposed to do? Back up and let him shoot? 
This halftime show is brutal 
i dont get why people complain we aren't playing well. like we're the worst team in the league, just enjoy the ride no matter how bad it gets
It's comical how bad of an offensive player Kris Dunn is. That's not changing guys, sorry. 
Man Miami is ice cold
lmfao Valentine. I didnt know it was possible to brick a running floater that bad
Kris Dunn lost his momentum harder than he loses balls on fast breaks. Awful few games since the Phoenix game 
Ouch. Game is getting a bit chippy. 
Anyone else feel like Blakeney has had a negative effect on Dunn since he came up? 
Why the fuck do games start 15 mins late??
And to think he still gets shit on if he has an off game shooting. 
Yeah at least he always has that going, wish the kid could get an offensive game going.
He just kills us coz he mad we traded him :'(
All these bricks are dangerous, gonna careen off someone's face.
He is so bad at d
He has regressed so much, it's insane :( I thought he had some promise but I don't know if he'll make it past his rookie contract now.
Spot on. Frustrating. 
Has he finally had that bad start to a game so you can finally tell everyone how shit he is?
Well a team is supposed to move the ball and seek mismatches to gain an offensive advantage.   
  
At least, you expect one too if they are playing well.
He is so bad
They aren’t very common for flagrant fouls. Usually none but sometimes 1 or 2 in a game
I'd rather compete and lose for now. The blowouts hurt, but this loss doesn't. We competed, played hard. That's what I want to see. It's the head hanging like against OKC and GSW the other night that are bad for morale. Zel and Lauri did well and we were in the game almost the whole way. 

I'll take it. 
There's a few other players you should be slating before Dunn though. You say he shouldn't start but then again have you even the state of some of our players? At least he's shown some talent.
Alot of Finnish people going to watch the game tonight, as it's prime time for us in Finland (10:30pm sunday night). Lauri going to drop 31 points, grab 8 rebounds and hit some shots in the clutch time, i'm telling you. Just to prove all the haters in Finland(there still is some) wrong.
Heading to the UC now for this game, here's to Lauri going off and putting up numbers. 
Miami just thoroughly whooped my ass in 2k... fuck those guys
Most of the people who follows basketball and knows anything about NBA and how hard it is to get there dont hate Lauri. Yet there still are some people who always are thinking about things in a negative way, its almost a finnish way of thinking.

"Bulls are so bad it doesnt matter how Lauri plays", "he would be bad in any good team" "why are there news about he's every game" etc.
This doesn't mean shit when our opponents are up 20 and are playing turnstile defense.  
Pull the fucking trigger already damn. SO sick of the speculation. Go get the man and see what he can do.
Just fucking get him already or move on, so sick of hearing about this.
This assumes they want Cam Payne and Niko, which I find doubtful 
Reading is hard
Oh jeez, this makes me sad
Haven't cried this hard since I've seen Coco.
Man. I remember those days :/
Fuck that bag. Just fuck that bag. Why do we have to deal with stupid injuries from that fucking time...
I still remember a game where Noah literally shoved Boozer into the correct defensive position.
I didn't like Bagley or Porter but I've watched like 8 minutes of youtube videos so who gives a fuck about what i think
Now I'm gonna be super sad if we don't get him. :(
I haven’t heard anything about his attitude, what do you mean by that?
Rubio was never a good scorer. That's the biggest difference.
Answer: nope. Bagley is a tweener with no jump shot. He's got a role in the NBA somewhere but of the top four, I think he projects the worst to the NBA.
Oh I read it wrong, I thought that was your argument why you didnt want to draft doncic. I was tired as fuck
I'm not arguing that, I agree with that but I get sick of people thinking we had Bell when we didn't. 
it's not a "narrative" if it's what happened. we traded bell for cash. period. weird how a couple months turns a fanbase that was mad when it happened into loyal lapdogs for our shitty front office, though.
Fuck Jordan Bell. Don’t even want him anyway.
K.C Johnson isn't stupid, he knows that Bell was never on our radar. Just reporting on this narrative for clicks, a bit low for him tbh.
I’m not saying it was a bad move to buyout Rondo but it was a terrible move to sign him in the first place. The fact the bulls FO has a history of being cheap fits in with the narrative of them selling Bell to pay for Rondo’s buyout
is this supposed to be an argument for the front office not being dumb as fuck? "joke's on you, we wouldn't have drafted him even if we kept the pick!" congrats, i guess you win; the org is greedy AND stupid.
He is starting because they were playing the worst team in the league & they were resting their starting PF, otherwise he has been averaging 3 minutes in the past 5 games.
Referring to me? That’d be weird, I’m a fan of the nba, not the Bulls. 
This result accompanied by DRose's issue has really upset me tonight. Very sad. 
What's left to say at this point? We are by far the worst team in the Association. Go Bulls! 
Grant had himself a GAME. 

8-10 FG, 3-4 3PT, 21 points
It’s frustrating to watch Lauri struggle.   When he’s not playing well this team is even harder to watch than usual.  Oh well, slumps come and go.  
Everyone who bet money that the Bulls would lose by 50 probably feels like an idiot now.
Im amazed and mad that they have even won 3 so far
Yea was a little rude
Really sorry about that, some of our users just informed us of this as well. Please report them to your mods, we will get in touch with them to take care of this. Trolling/antagonizing other team subs is a violation of our subreddit rules.
If he ends up making an All-Star team before Lauri, people are going to be rancorous!
Kinda fits our narrative of being the bad guys though.
There was a bunch of kids but they got downvoted to hell.

Edit: [Golden State Warios](https://imgur.com/a/u8RLi)
definitely agree, but goes to show that even on his worst nights, he is a threat for a double double.
I've read analysis that Ayton is kinda lazy and error prone. I haven't watched any Arizona games so I don't know, but is there any truth to those criticisms?
It is what it is. Every fan base has their sour apples. 
oh my bad, whoever it was kept deleting their posts 
Wrote a short piece about our leap into the NBA's worst record. I'm high on Ayton and Bagley III, but starting to be swayed by people cheering for Doncic: https://fantasyhoops.tv/2017/11/25/we-did-it-bulls-are-worst-in-the-league/
After the last Duke game, I fucking NEED Bagley.
Got a notification from my phone this morning saying "Do you want to see the game recap of CHI vs GSW?" 

Absolutely fucking not lmao, but thank you for trying, phone.
Yes. Duh!
I just can't. Everything about this session is depressing. From the coach. To the players. Back up to the front office. This is truly basketball Hell. 
Hawks won. We are officially the worst team in the league!
Felicio is such a fucking joke, dude plays like some random guy picked out of the crowd and told to put a jersey on 
I dunno, after what I've seen tonight, I think the Bulls will have a tough time beating the Warriors in the finals this year, but you never know.  
What’s with these dubs fans coming in here and bragging? Like what do you want us to say? “Congrats for beating the worst team in the league”
I fuckin hate everything about Pachulia. From his name to his dumb fuckin face
Can i get a Fuck Zaza
Fuck Zaza.
Why the hell did we sign Felicio for $32 mill again? I doubt any other team was even offering half that much. GarPax are so goddamn stupid.
Common foul. Play on.
So, are these Warriors cunts usually this bad winners? From any other team fanbase I have seen nothing like this.
Wow i hate Felicio
This is just embarrassing at this point. These guys have no heart. I don't care how bad one team is and how good the other is, losing by fucking 50 comes down to effort and not caring.


Hoiberg needs to fucking go 
Fuck yea keep giving Lauri the ball. 
kerr wants this game to be watchable eh? ill take it
warriors fan here, how shit is felicio and do you guys hate him as much as i would imagine?
I’m at the game. This hurts. 
Is it weird that I feel like we somehow pull this one out?
Maybe if Denzel missed one of those bad 3 pointers he’d stop taking them 
Crazy that both of the biggest threats to the warriors, bulls and cavs, have bounced back to contender status after a rough start to the season
Fucking filthy
I'm watching on NBC anyone getting that crazy annoying rock song replacing all audio?
Got a Zipser sighting. Fred must be desperate already. May even get to see Felder tonight.
I'm watching on NBAtv - these GSW commentators - I'm not sure ... it sounds like they took like a venture capitalist and an 8th grade biology teacher and paired them 
My goodness those red leggings look terrible with those black alternates.
Whens cash considerations gonna check into the game?
That's 3 bad games in a row for Lauri. Rookie wall is big and tall. Hopefully kid will recover from this. 
grants the worst, but still somehow better than dunn
I'm honestly a little confused about it. We aren't the Cavs. 
I hate him for when he did Kawhi dirty
the "We probably wouldn't have picked him anyway" defence is stupid as hell 
It sucks because he doesn't even have value to a contender so we either attach an asset to move the contract or see it through and waste the money and roster spot 
Has played really well for the last couple weeks so a bad game was bound to happen
Screw Zaza. Dirty player ruined last year's playoffs. 
I agree. looks weird. Should've got some black or white ones ...
KD is out of this game so no KD guard.
Why do you guys feel the need to comment here? It’s pretty pathetic
Fuck GarPax perhaps?
Are you stupid?
Isn't it past your bedtime?
https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/m/markkla01/gamelog/2018/#pgl_basic::12

If you look at the FG% he is shooting alot in the games where he is shooting worse.
Since his mum popped him. He prolly came out of the other hole at the same time accidentally and they kept the wrong one
Just because it’s a tanking season doesn’t mean you can play with zero effort
but they sound like they paired a couple dads going through a midlife crisis together, like it's awful 
Preaching to the choir my man! This is his redemption season. The haters will be forced to eventually come around. 
I’m just gonna fuck with this warriors fan a little and see if I can make him cry
You retarded?
The Bulls did Captain Kirk dirty to trade him for what? a penny?
and it's annoying because they're tanking anyway. Could've just kept him on the roster and let him retire a bull
literally won us the playoff series against the Nets and dadicked LeBron for a single game. He's a legend

[Fuck yeah](https://media.giphy.com/media/KkuStwBgXvIKQ/giphy.gif)
I remember all the Gar/Pax hate and thought the fans were over reacting like they usually do. A change doesnt alway result in an improvement?
We're getting crushed compared to the other bad teams, in both performance and talent. I don't think he'll push the needle too far
FUCK THE CARDINALS! 
I mean, Lauri had like 4 blocks too, it was a blowout and benches were playing and people were just chucking up dumb shots
2019 at least
What's stupid the NBA rule. You can only trade rights which is stupid. Allow them to trade picks on draft night and you don't get the stupid narratives. Kawhi was technically drafted by the pacers and no one shits on them.
I agree. I thought it was a cold comment. I'm getting down voted for it for some reason though.
My MVP. :'( I think I could cry if he ends up retiring.
I hate Derrick's career ending like this. 
Well at least he can still walk during his kids graduation, bye Derrick! 
It was that fucking lockout season with all the crazy scheduling.
Fuck yourself.
My bad, I'll edit that.  Thanks for pointing it out.
gone Too soon :(

It wouldnt harm the tank just with this game would it? Lets play serious today guys
TRAP GAME
Fred Hoiberg is always serious
Highly unlikely this would happen, but lowkey busted a fat nut when I saw those possible scenarios.
I think he can be a dependable starting PG in like 2-3 years. He still turns the ball over a lot in completely unnecessary situations and that usually doesn't just disappear over a period of like 6 to 12 months.

Trust the process and tank.

Oh wait, the front office is run by two full retards that quite possibly, literally don’t know their heads from their asses and would mess up the draft pick. Garpax seem to have a hard on for Iowa, so they’d be drafting some hack from there. 

From what country to what country did you move?? Is it hard to follow the Bulls now
after Fizer nothing is impossible. 
Flu game against the Warriors!
That's dumb. They don't need a cover-up for two games.
Mavs won, so we're at the 2nd worst record now, with the Warriors coming up. No doubt we're finishing bottom 3 this year. Literally can't even compete in games unless Markannen is putting up 20+
There were 18 minutes of bad basketball. Then 3 Jerian drives. Then 29 more minutes of bad basketball.

When Lauri struggles this team is worse than EA and repealing net neutrality combined. 

I look forward to downvoting the weird Leki schtick guy more than i look forward to watching the GS game. 
And after all that effort no. 1 pick goes to Cleveland via Brooklyn :/
He's been battling a bug the past few days, per Hoiberg 
Jordan got food poisoning that night from eating bad pizza. Look it up. As far as gambling into the late hours...well that's every night! 
Taking game checks from rookies every night. 
Don't take everything literally and who said anything about rigging the draft?

Fact - In Last 20 years only three times has the worst record with the highest odds ended up with the #1 pick.

Dude you said the second worst odds usually gets the number one pick. That’s just not factually or even remotely empirically true 
Last 20 years only three times has the worst record with the highest odds ended up with the #1 pick.

So out of everything I said you picked out literally one word. Bare in mind English is not my first language. And decided that everything I said is bullshit? Basically what I meant to say is worst record doesn't usually mean you get #1 pick. Other/second (same word in my mind at the time, sorry should've used other word) picks do.
Yeah but your gf is terrible at it.
Man Markkanen is cold
marky mark going ice cold from 3 uh oh
Man I hate when ref's wait and see if you make the shot and if you don't they blow the whistle for a foul.
TANKMASTER Grant on the dribble!! I am starting to find some weird warmth of watching grant go at it.
I just don't understand how you can fall for Rubio pump fake 
I know we are in tank mode etc but i just hate seeing Holiday put up horrible shots. Attack the basket 
I don't remember Grant being such a piss poor shooter but every game he seems like he can't get anything to fall.
Man, even when we have a decent starting lineup (once Zach comes back), out bench is still going to be the worst in the league.
That was a fucking terrible defensive possession.
If you're whining about Larui missing shots already you're the worst. 
The elite should use this game for their population control agenda.
He is awful
Should recommend the game to the bull's front office then
Yet Cameron Payne is the worst Bull of all time, after recording less than 150 minutes for us
Felicio is awful. Literally his only skill is put backs and lobs. He needs to be gone ASAP
I don't think it is. They have nothing to gain from losing so there is a chance where it's not a top 5 pick and the draft drops hard. It's not a viable trade 

Again nowhere did I say you believe that. Do you see the question mark? I'm asking you if you believe it for the sake of exposing what you're saying as silly. I wasn't saying that believe it.

Who cares if Smith and Thompson are bad. The whole point of the trade is the pick, not the players. We can cut Smith and Thompson if they're effecting the team in a negative way. 
Lauri 30&20 game waiting room
Back-to-backs with the 2nd game in a high-elevation arena (Utah/Denver) always seem to be brutal. The tank continues to roll. Looking forward to watching Donovan Mitchell play for an entire game. Seems like a solid Rook.
Possible trap game here, we're gonna have to have our tank game on point tonight if we hope to lose. Hopefully Justin Holiday gets 40 mins of playing time again and is allowed to shoot 20 shots like usual.
Edit:  disregard this

RoLo is going to be useless tonight
I mean it is holiday season after all. Give tanks
Forget D League...That’s like grade school bad 
Holiday and Grant are hard to watch but seem to be key components to the season of the tank.

I can't allow my feelings to get in the way of this teams return to glory so I'll have to come up with some sort of drinking game while they're in.
Jokes and tanking memes aside, I think it's horrible that he's taking these kinds of shots.  You can still tank and implement good coaching techniques.  This was just a terrible shot on all accounts.  A little bit of ball movement and we have a wide open three instead of this brick.  
At least he didn’t air ball 🤷🏻‍♂️
I watched my brother’s 8th grade scrimmage. This is legit what they did all game. :/
Homeboy is currently 13th in the league in 3s made per game at a clip of 43%. FIRE! 
That spin on his 3rd FG was just nasty!
Holiday with 40 minutes played even while playing some of the worst basketball of all time, while his backups are doing well. Convinced Fred is 100% on the tank train
For all the bulls fans sad at lauri's shooting think about it this way, that's what Lakers fans have to watch EVERY time they watch Lonzo shoot
Went to watch game highlights on ESPN. I got a minute and a half of Laker highlights and no love for the Bulls :( 
Fuck this team so hard
Marksman and Bagley gon' be nasty
The thing I noticed was I kept getting frustrated they were t falling, but never did o think he shouldn’t be taking the shot. 

Night and day from cold Niko. 
You have a weird way to spell Bagley
Lakers really game planned against him.  
I left one H. and and one G. and two J's out of the bad things on purpose. those are not worthy of my time today.
Literally his only bad game of the season through 14 games and he STILL got a double double. Fuck off. 
They play the same position that is the worst case scenario
It's not a games restriction it's a days restriction. So, even worse. 
Lauri should be buying RoLo an ice cream for every one of these double doubles. The big fella does so much work clearing the lane, and he allows his PF to collect the praise after he's erased the opponents rebounders.

People who want to trade Lopez are going to be really sad when they see Markkanen's RB totals without a center doing the dirty work.

Don't get me wrong, Lauri is working hard out there, and I respect him collecting 14 boards on an off shooting night, but he's not doing it alone.
I'm not sure what you said. Maybe fix your sentence structure? Im tired of arguing with a bum, peace!
I watched this, Schanowski was trying to steer him off it, I imagine if enough people make a stink this could've been at minimum a little break at worst he'd lose his job
Me too, man. But this story was just... weird. My post doesn't do it justice.
I like Blankeney a lot, but man that kid has a weird head.
“Even a blind squirrel can find a nut” Stacey has been on fire all night
Goodness me. Lonzo's shot is up there with Shawn Marion's. Butt ugly!
keep shootin AB you sick fuck
Blakeney's Linsanity moment.  This is his comeout game.  Zach Lavine who?.  Garpax is forgiven again.  
Lonzo "Blind Squirrel" Ball! 
Holiday is really bad
lauri's bound to have a bad game once in a while but it makes me unreasonably sad
Holiday is fucking bogus man
ball is ugly as his jumper. he’s so desperate to improve his game he cut his mop
FUCK LONZO BALL

DON'T YOU DARE TOUCH OUR MARKKSMAN
Wtf just happened?
For fuck's sake Holiday is a pile of shit.
So this is why Blakeny hasn't been playing... he is destroying the tank!
Wtf is Cam Payne wearing
Refs fucking us hard here. They in on the tank. 
Lauri double double and a loss, who's even on his worst nights that he is a threat.
Lonzo is ugly as fuck.

That is all.
Get that weak shit outta here lonzo
Get Holiday the fuck out the game.
FUCK Justin holiday
So was Hoiberg the problem, or was Jimmy Butler the problem? Hoiberg seems incompetent. 
Did you just see Portis run, dude even runs like a crazy person. Please don't hurt me bobby. 
First Lonzo game I'm watchingg and have to sa that I'm not impressed.
I feel nothing.  I hate tanking.
Portis is bad guys, team niko forever
holidays gonna take under this game down the stretch
Don't let the Markksman taking over the league make you forget that Hoiberg and Grant lost us this fucking game 
I wanted Markannen to get that dunk so bad
Lakers fans have literally the worst NBA subreddit. Don't ever try to have a friendly conversation with them. You'll get obliterated.
This Lakers rebuild has legit been terrible, they have Kuzma and....and....I got nothin


Hopefully the Bulls goes better than theirs. They're gonna be bad for awhile
Only game for tonight! Let's get this boys!
who will brick worse %?  Justin HOliday or Lonzo?  
wow this Blakeney kid is insane
Mr bad shot
Blind Squirrel rebounding is dangerous 
could someone explain that illegal d call pls?
Get the secret weapon the ball
Am I the only one who thinks Felicio is sooo bad? Hands of stone, bad fouls, no offense. Am I missing something?
Seriously though, how the fuck does Wish have enough money to sponsor an NBA team
Poor Lauri. Rough night from behind the arc for him :(
Lauri is ice fucking cold tonight :( man he's had a lot of good looks. 
FUCK
BOX THE FUCK OUT 
Damn, Lauri has cold hands today :(
This 5 is so fucking LIT! Sub LaVine for Holiday and it's over. 
Holiday helps the tank but fuck it's painful watching this dude Chuck up brick after brick
Some hard ass bricks man
Holy shit!!
Play like this and Ls might be a thing of the past!
first nba game i have actually seen in like a month and idk how i forgot how awful Lonzo is, bulls should just let him shoot and get 2 guys on kuz
Crazy eyes got stuffed hard.
That FT was awful from the start
I wanted Dunn to start but man is the bench mediocre without him. 
Lauri got that rebound, threw it to Holiday and was like FUCK NOOOOOOOOO
Holiday throwing up shots like he in a video game
As s LA bulls fan, Fuck the Lakers
"Mr. Mean" 

HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Stacey is on fucking FIRE tonight boys! 
I like his weird head
Those shits are ridiculous.
Retirement tour Kobe, you mean?
This is his first real bad game in his career, it was bound to happen sooner or later.
srsly wtf
Why does anyone have to be the problem? We have a bad roster. Last year we had a bad roster too, but Jimmy dragged us kicking and screaming to the playoffs.
Our armor is thick
He's not good at subbing players.
This has already happened to him.  He shaped up second half that game.  He may not this time, but at least we know he can.
Retards buy their shit on Facebook all the fucking time. 
Blakeney went off the 1st quarter, capitalized on turnovers and bad shots from the lakers. Also hustle play from the bulls
Fucking hope so. 
He is too small and unathletic. 
mediocre?
Not by a long shot unfortunately
Lakers would be dumb to make that move tbh
Who said anything about open 3s? We don't want him to take ill advised 3s (Which he does a lot)
Lonzo may never even  make an All Star game if he doesn't improve his shooting by at least 15%
I seriously don't think LeBron is leaving and if he doesn't what motivation does PG have to leave OKC?
So why the FUCK is he coaching? It's a health risk to get as intense as literally any other coach in the league. He has to go. I don't care why he can't coach properly, the point is he can't fucking coach!!!
Any chance Valentine plays the SF at times when Dunn, LaVine, Lauri, and Lopez are on the court since they have a lot of athleticism in the lineup or is he just too small?
Oh I get the concept, but white and Lakers yellow? That's bad
Even then Lauri has an ability to still play well on bad nights. He might not be hitting his 3s but he gets points in other ways, and gets his boards.
His “ill advised 3s” are literally open. Who cares about the fucking shot clock. It’s 2017. 

AND. ANOTHER. ONE!!!!
I'm all for him taking shots. But when you pull up at 3 on a break with no rebounders in the vicinity, then I have a problem. And so does Stacey, he only mentions it 50 times a game!
I get that it might have been seen as insensitive to try to talk at the time so I kinda get it but fuck didn't expect it that hard.
Don't know dude, not sure where he played for Utah 
FUCK YES
He Dunn Fucked you up
Margin for tank error just got smaller. Bye by RoLo and Holiday. :(
Sad, heal soon! :( Luckily for me, I was on Doncic or Ayton train.
Doubtful.  Even with surgery he's still basically a guaranteed lottery pick, that's a lot of guaranteed money to pass up, especially considering this is a back injury.
While doubtful, not as doubtful as you would think. Michael has been quoted as saying not to be surprised if he's a 4 year athlete. This changes things quite a bit, but his brother is still on the team and father on the coaching staff. All of these things have a big factor on a kid
if bagleys the only one left, how bad would it be if we call lauri 6'9 and play him at the 3?
I mean u could read what you want and post a dumb comment or you could read what I actually said 
For context Booker shot 40.3% from 3 on 2.9 attempts per game prior to the all-star game
Also had a ridiculous amount of hype in his rookie season. If someone like Tatum or Lonzo were breaking this record they'd be a lock.
36.7% on 6 attempts a game i think
i want dunn to put lonzo in the mother fucking TORTURE CHAMBER 
Fuck the Lakers, beat them
Fuck. I want Dunn to start so bad and just lock Lonzo the fuck up.
Unnecessary hostility looks ugly on you
Is this your phone number? could I be talking to the infamous /u/Alwinnnnnnnnn ?
Hahahah oh no what'd I do to deserve the title "infamous"? 

I'll always pick up the phone for you, Nasti 
"So, Lauri, it seems we were wrong."

"You know, Bill - it's a game. Sometimes you see it, sometimes you don't. "

As referring to post game interview about team mates missing Lauri in court. Bill, the grantest of sports journalists!
In fairness, he said he was wrong after 2 games
I won't. If he heard what they said at that pod. He won't it be there. They clowned him, tried to disrespect not only his game but the future of it. It was bad. 
I appreciate him coming around he and that whole Ringer basketball staff are just so pompous with their initial takes. Like anyone who thought otherwise of Lauri or that Jimmy return just doesn't understand the game on their elite levels. And then to come around and jump on the bandwagon like nothing, it's just annoying.
They were just mad we didn’t trade Jimmy to Boston
Not you but it's posted so often around here and /r/NBA that it's getting tiresome.
Props to you for putting up with having such a public reddit account, it’s gotta get annoying sometimes 
Sorry yeah it was meant as in not just you. It's just a sentiment that I see a lot nowadays whenever he plays well.
Shocking to me how overvalued Jimmy was. 
I mean we don't have wade anymore so probably
I'm still a fan of wade :(
Yes, he was. His efficiency was fucking elite for a #1 option.
that's generous.  could be worse.
Realistically I think the Mavs deserve last. I think the only reason they're not is because people don't think of the Mavs as a bad team and they have Dirk
Don't you put that evil on us.
MJ was wrong. He dropped 54 not 50.
Yeah that has to be a copypasta. That is literally one of the worst takes I have ever seen. 
He is interestingly terrible as a player. He should go to the G league. That kid as the second pick is embarrassing 
so sorry u were downvoted bro
Or maybe it’s just random chance...
What's the reasoning behind taking Griffin, Beal, DeRozan, Gasol, and Paul over Butler?
Thibs was awful at managing his players. Im just mad we hired Hoiberg after.
Agreed, at least Lavine added a sharpshooter aspect to his game.
I need a 30 point game from Lauri
I would throw Kuzma in there as well. Kid has been unbelievable for the Lakers.
Because we still need reasons to say fuck garpax
Positives: Lauri Markkanen and Kris Dunn (minus that ridiculous turnover). 

Negatives: Yes.
Hoiberg needs to grow a fucking pair and tell Holiday to stop chucking up 20 shots a game. Just ridiculous how this shit has kept going on. One of the most selfish, terrible players I've ever watched. 
I woke up at 3 am to watch the game before heading to work. Now I feel like calling in sick because I watched another game of Jerian Grant.
I like Dunn. I want him to start. But he made the two worst plays of the night in the crunchest of times.

1. The behind-the-back pass out of bounds when it was a two-possession game. 
2. Missing two open shooters during side out of bounds play out of a timeout and taking a 5 sec violation. 

Can't be a starting NBA PG and do that shit man. 
This is absolutely ridiculous. Holiday needs to be benched immediately. Yea, I get we're tanking, but there is absolutely no reason he should be putting up 20 shots in a game just to only make 5 of them. There is no way that is the intended gameplan.
I've been defending Grant both this season and last season saying he's got a place on this team, but my god that was an atrocious performance from him.
Holly shit!
I think if Dunn could have kicked himself in the nuts for that pass he would have. You could see his reaction just how idiotic he felt for it. 
> Justin Holiday has the 6th worst true shooting %.

And there goes my 1st pick dream...
Fuck the Suns!



There’s literally no better result
fake fan #EmbraceTheTank
That mindset is so stupid and makes zero sense 
I don't hate either of the players, but I do hate their stupid basketball IQ.
Yeah Grant is terrible 
Hard to go wrong when you incorporate the script Chicago. Now put it on our black alternates!
These are sick! 
These are sick as f***
Ooooh, those would be so sick. I really hope they look like this.
Markannen guarded by fucking Tyler Ullis and they don't even look at him


What the fuck is Hoiberg teaching these idiots? 
Valentine and Holiday 4-17 with 1 assist combined. Fucking bums 
DUNN, SLOW DOWN, YOU DONT HAVE TO BE FLASHY 
Turned on the game to see Grant not be able to dump the ball into Lauri on a mismatch... twice. 

This is pathetic. 
Felicio is so trash at help defense. How the hell can a center average .3 blocks per game?
Markkanen got tired legs, bricking everything
Hoiberg must’ve told them to give Lauri the fucking ball in that last timeout
1:56 left in the 2nd and Lauri is 5/7.
Holiday was 2/7 halfway trough the 1st.

Hoiberg might be a pussy or an idiot
Fred Hoiberg is the worst coach in the league. Lets argue.
Fucking Mike James doing Mike James things.
FUCK YEA LAURI GET THAT 20 POINT GAME BIG FELLAH
i hate when dunn tries outlet passes but i guess he has to try out what works and what doesnt
wtf holiday
Be mad at holiday for that 3 though
Holiday is trying to have his Kobe retirement game tonight...he just needs to make these shots
He Dunn fucked up
Idiot valentine again going fucking solo mode...idiot.
this is lauris game lets go

shoot that shit i dont care if you miss
i wanna see lopez fight someone again so bad

Does Dunn’s game remind anyone of Drose? If not just a little bit 
The Phoenix Gorilla is retarded . 
I fucking hate these players just rushing in and flailing. PASS LAURI THE BALL.
I want to believe in Lauri 30pts game, but the speed of game has been something, I'm bit worried han he hold up his aggressiveness. Let's hope! 
Everyone hating on holiday taking open corner threes is an idiot
Our bench 5 is terrible. 
at least let us die by booker...
That was weak af
Solar squad sucks
Get holiday out of the game fam.
Lot of hate on Grant going on. I get it, I didn't understand taking Dunn out late in the game here. But man if this isn't one of the worst performances from Denzel in his career. Him and Holiday taking terrible shots
Ever since Niko returned to practice, I feel like Lauri has increased the frequency of his Pump Fake Drive Lefts.
Wasn't Valentine picked like top 15 too? Yeesh what an awful player man
Me neither when the idiot plays alone not with the team.
He was bad and fouled a bunch
I mean he 100% will
"The fuck you say to me"
Chuck what about the cheerleaders aah they ugly now

The music there tonight has been terrible. 
Guy shot 6 times to Holiday's 11, Lauri's 9 and everyone is LOSING THEIR FUCKING MINDS.

Valentine makes over 2 threes per game at 40%. If he's open he should shoot the ball. It's 2017 not 1970.  
God forbid someone gets sick of watching Justin Holiday go 4-18 every night
They just mad we beat them in 93
Bad ?
If we sign Barth, the league would feel so bad that they would gift us the No.1 pick. I like it
Weird too 
It's pure school yard pecking order spirit. I've seen enough. Fucking outrageous.
I expect Lauri to have a monster game. The Suns PF's are some of the worst defenders in the NBA.
May the worst team lose.
That's what last game was there for though. Two wins in a row is very dangerous territory
This guys obsessed with Marquess Chriss
Censorship is never a good idea. 
Fuck this **piece of shit**. How the fk can people respect a guy who cracked his teammates skull.










**JAIL** bobby portis.
How has he disappointed you?
Didn't watch the game. Are the PGs passing to Markkanen?
Why "a poor man's" anything? Why can't he just be Lauri Markkanen?
He needs to play another game or two like this in a row and solidify himself as the starter.
Gave him Mike's Secret Stuff
charlotte sucks my dude tf
I mean... not nearly as much as the Bulls 
Well not today at least
Watched one game at UC and 2 on TV. Lost the one at UC but won both I've watched on TV so I think I know what I need to do
If he watches every game we'll end up sweeping the warriors in the finals. History will never forget the unstoppable duo of Hoiberg and Cameron Payne.
That’s actually not that bad
I just want a player from Denmark to get drafted so i can hear Robin Lopez try and say speciallægepraksisplanlægningsstabilliseringsperiode. :( 
Is that Dunn trying to pronounce the last word or am I wrong? 
Lentokone-apu-mekaanikko-aliupseeri-oppilas is a real word though. 

Airplane-assistant-mechanic-noncommissioned officer-trainee. 

This is a real rank in the army for conscripts that are in NCO course for fixing airplanes. 


Probably when I run out of energy on an essay and just lay my face on the keyboard for awhile and then press "submit" holy fuck I'm never gonna graduate am I?
Can we ban this idiot?
I honestly can’t tell if I should hate you or feel bad for you at this point. 
##### Bull of the Game
PLAYER|MIN|FGM-A|3PM-A|FTM-A|REB|AST|STL|BLK|TO|+/-|PTS
:--|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
Kris Dunn|26|10-16|2-2|0-0|5|7|3|0|1|+8|22

##### Honor-a-Bull mentions
PLAYER|MIN|FGM-A|3PM-A|FTM-A|REB|AST|STL|BLK|TO|+/-|PTS
:--|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
Justin Holiday|36|10-15|4-7|3-3|3|0|3|1|2|+4|27
Lauri Markkanen|31|5-11|3-8|3-4|7|3|2|0|1|+8|16
Denzel Valentine|32|7-15|4-7|0-0|5|6|0|1|2|+2|18
if you thought that Dunn game was sick, wait til you see LaVine
HOW THE FUCK DID HE (Kemba) MISS THAT LAYUP?!
kemba is disgusting
Holy fuck Kris Dunn!
Beep beep. I actually mean it this time.
Kris Dunn and Justin Holliday for Bulls of the Game
LITERALLY saw somebody in the last game thread say that Kris Dunn and Jerian Grant are the two worst players in the league.

fucking come forward. sick of this reactionary bullshit. Kris is rough but this is the kind of damage he's capable of dealing. don't give up on the kid yet.
Fuck it, seeing Dunn work that hard on defence made me forget all about the need to tank 
He usually sucks on the road too, but he's playing us so .... 
Crazy intensity from Justin holiday and Dunn
Okafor's 3 minutes this season was probably the worst performance ive ever seen on a nba court
> fucking come forward

what are you going to do to them?
yea id be shocked if this becomes something regular for dunn.
I think we all know what game is. If you play hoops. 
When the conversation is about exactly 1 game then yes, one game defines him in that context. Did Dunn have a sick game last night? You're damn right he did. IDGAF about his season PER.
I don't knee-jerk reaction to 1/2 of a game. 
What do people mean when they say Hoiball?
I'm talking about how both are simultaneously dirty and mega pussies on the court

And yeah Allen can shoot when he's playing Central North Carolina School for the Blind but once adversity hits it's trip city
> And yeah Allen can shoot when he's playing Central North Carolina School for the Blind but once adversity hits it's trip city

He just dropped 37 on #2 Michigan State. I hate the kid. He can go fuck himself but let's be at least somewhat objective. 

He also was clutch as a Freshman leading Duke to a title. 
That power clap thing is awkward as fuck.
Relatively new to basketball so got a question. Does tank mean when a team is playing really badly to get a higher draft pick? Or does tank just mean when a team is playing really badly?
Felicio is quite mediocre 😐 
wtf didn't even realize kemba had 47
Fuckers in school telling me, always in the barber shop
Lauri Markkanen ain't bout this, Lauri Markkanen ain't bout that
My boy a BD on fucking Lamron and them
He, he they say that nigga don't be putting in no work
SHUT THE FUCK UP!
Y'all niggas ain't know shit
All ya motherfuckers talk about
Lauri Markkanen ain't no hitta Lauri Markkanen ain't this Lauri Markkanen a fake SHUT THE FUCK UP Ya'll don't live with that nigga
Y'all know that nigga got caught with a ratchet
Shootin' at the police and shit
Nigga been on probation since fuckin, I don't know when! Motherfuckers stop fuckin' playin' him like that
Them niggas savages out there
If I catch another motherfucker talking sweet about Lauri Markkanen I'm fucking beating they ass! I'm not fucking playing no more You know those niggas roll with Jerian Grant and them
That was a weak tech on Quincy
Dunn is a fucking animal jesus
We're leading in the end wtf
woooooooooah thats awful
Just now watching the game. Did I miss anything--like Valentine and Grant thinking they are PGs? Hopefully Blakeney is playing well. 
Grant fuck give him the ball!
Soooooo wtf happen to Zipgod? Has he become irrelevant?
Whats Dunn's % on layups this year? Terrible finisher
Man Charlotte fucking blows
These guys are playing OUT OF THEIR FUCKING MINDS
FUCK JERIAN GRANT MR D LEAGUE FOOT ON THE LINE IM DONE
Hornets announcers throwing mad shade at Zel for being unathletic
Somehow still leading the league in attendance :-/
It means that the team is willing to take on horrible contracts and below average players in order to play poorly for a top pick. A dumpster fire is a team that plays really badly accidentally. At the moment, the bulls are both.
Yeah, I have no issues with his game tonight. Active, moves his feet. Battles.
He will kick himself all night for that one. At least would have taken the lead. Prolly could have forced a 3pt play too.
At least the form is one the correct side of his head.
Can't be worse than Lonzo or Marion's?
And each of them is the worse brother.
Yea I got league pass on Comcast and im stuck watching the Hornets broadcast and they've been talk mad shit the whole game like don't have a losing record in the East. Spent about 10 mins alone just ragging on he Bobby/Niko situation.
13/5/5 ON 50% shooting is bad?
The entire notion of instructed crowd noise is kinda awkward. Fun, but awkward.
People only care about that cuz Stacey flips about it. If you're shooting 50% you can put up a couple "stupid" shots. 
It's like some weird biblical punishment.
I feel like you’re doing the same thing but negatively. He’s shooting 39% from 3 this season. Has improved his defense and playmaking. So he rushes a few shots a game on a team with not creators. Not worth dwelling on and hammering into the ground. 
You sounded like Dirty Harry there. 
Dirty Harry used to tell people to log out? You're fucking weirding me out dude. 
That's why I think it wasnt actually a bad deal for the Bulls to get both LaVine and Dunn for Butler. Funnily enough the first game I watched him play in was the Spurs game
Going to the game tonight, let’s lose this one while Lauri develops!!!!
This will be the first game I can't watch :(.
Be competitive but still lose? For current squad it's seem lately impossible task.  
You can still shitpost and not watch the game, that's what I learned this season
fuck u bob ross
Toxic and hateful? That’s a little dramatic
dunn is bad though, the numbers are screaming it.
I don't think 'increasingly toxic and hateful' implies that we're already there (or at least that's not what I intended), but literally all I read in our game threads is how crap all of our players are outside of Markkanen. Compared to other fanbases like Atlanta and Philly and their collective views on their respective teams, it seems like a very decent amount of people on here are just here to complain.
Too late. 
Lavine
Lauri
Luka


They would play Big L before every game!
I get enough bread, and mad hoe’s ,
ask Beavis I get nothing butt head . 
Is there any way to track the 45 days? I would guess he would at least be 20ish days in. They gotta sign him for the rest of the year
May I ask what the fuck is going on with Nerlens Noel? I’ve been crazy about that kid for 2 years and suddenly he’s barely a bench player with you guys? 
Video linked by /u/uknoiballlikeerryday:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[Zach LaVine 2016-17 Season Highlights Compilation - EXPLOSiVE!](https://youtube.com/watch?v=RPNJ4e7C2RA)|FreeDawkins|2017-05-07|0:06:02|2,032+ (98%)|238,427

> --Take your ball handling to the next level with the BALL...

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/uknoiballlikeerryday ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dpy9w1q\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
unless he's going to be dropping 40 a game I wouldn't be too concerned on that front. 
are there angles of this with the sick ass lighting and all the other players looking up at the dunker like a god
Horror for Porter

Badly for Bagley

Don't Swish for Doncic
Am I the only one thinking Grant messed up the rhythm for other guys on the court? I don't know what is he thinking every time he dribbling on that 10-12 secs. It looks so silly!!   
At least we didn't lose by 45 points 
Dunn and Grant are literally the two worst players in the NBA.
You think this is painful to watch? Just wait unti CamPain returns back... 
Cash considerations was the Bull of the Game once again!

Either this team is actively throwing games or they are too shitty even for a rebuild.  Imo its a bit of both.  A young team is supposed to at least be scrappy.  This team only picks it up when theyre down by 30.  Really pathetic stuff.
The Secret Weapon makes his debut
Fell asleep during this horseshit, but was very surprised to see they held them under 100 and 34 pts second half overall. I thought for sure they'd lose by 40.

Dunn was shooting like shit and Grant was fucking terrible, like, he must be trying to be shitty type terrible
I hate Hoiberg.
Also Bobby showed today why hes not already in a bigger role. Consistency must be on higher level. Scored 5 in 20min, 2/8, less points than our rookie in his worst game where he injured in the middle of it.
Post game thread pls
Our guards are soo bad. None of them can create a shot for them or their teammates. 
Bobby is such a selfish fuck. 
This might be the worst game I've ever seen
Got the wrong Grant brother man
tanking makes me feel sad
Did anyone tell the Bulls all that matters is that you lose, not how badly you lose that determines your lottery pick
This is a fucking embarrassment
We might get fewest points in a game. Our lowest was 49 once.
Grant is so bad and Dunn can't even outplay him consistently. We don't have a PG and anyone who thinks that's going to change without drafting a playmaker next year has their head up their fucking ass. 
This game thread is deader than The Bears
You know it's bad when Raymond fucking Felton is blowing by your whole team
ANGRY MARKKANEN MAKES ME WET
Hoiberg should not have a job after tonight. 5 year contract to this clown, unbelievable 
Keep hoping ‘this will be the game for dunn’ keep smh
I miss Jimmy so much :(
Hey Fred hoiberg, what the fuck are you doing with these subs?
I just don't understand why Antonio Blakeney isn't out there at least getting a chance. 

EDIT: Oh shit, there he is!
It's time for...

# **ALBA'S NEAT-O POST GAME THREAD**

^^^sponsored ^^^by ^^^no ^^^one
THAT DRIVE HAS GOT TO BE THE WORST THING TO HAPPEN SO FAR THIS SEASON
That dunk gave me a hard on
Ziper's shot has been off so bad.
fucking insane they almost covered. bizarre.
Dunn is terrible
Bruh I hate Felicio. Hate his face. Hate his game. Hate his contract. Least fav active Bulls player right now. 
You know what happens when you combine mediocre players with an even worse coach?

This. This is what happens. 
Wow that was an awful sequence
Portis is pretty bad when the Bulls are down by 10 instead of 30
Odds of us having a worse quarter this year?
That half court shot ball looked overfilled like crazy. 
boggles my mind how we have another quarter to play here. this game feels so long! 
 
All I know is the halftime show was weird af
Lauri is getting the ball, he's just missing, passing up shots and making bad moves. 
Just like we drafted the wrong Teague, its GarPax's specialty. Wonder if Westbrook has any shitty young/older siblings we can pick up
We got the wrong Holiday brother too
even worse we could be the kings
Inb4 Hoiberg goes insane and starts Payne
We could just have Lauri chuck from the logo and make at least 3
He then picks up his dribble in terrible spots too.
When we first got Jerian I thought it was Jerami and I was stoked. Disappointed soon thereafter.
He is having a bad shooting night. Every player has bad shooting nights, don't know how that makes him useless offensively
This is a confusing statement
You mean not shoot
That's should be the organisations marketing for tickets. "Hey, at least we ain't the kings"
It probably wouldn't make us any worse. 
Id hate to see what a steam roll is to him
Yep you're a moron
Zipser sucks

Valentine guarding Melo / PG13 is a joke
It seems like Zipser got hit in the head really hard over the summer and forgot how to play basketball.
I'll get through this game daydreaming about Luka-Lauri pick and rolls.
This may be a close game tbh, Adams is out again and Melo might not play either. Is Lauri playing? I heard he was hurt.
:(
Schroeder , 100%.  Almost never has a dud game.
Still insane elevation and dexterity
It was descending in its arc= goaltend. And a fucking otherworldly display of speed and strength. 
He said he was going for smokes not to meet Santa :(
Daddy come home :(
Butler is the worst player of all time to have stans. 
Your screen name is fucking stupid. 
At least my wife didn't murder me.
what the fuck is wrong with you
That seems like a bad way to go about committing suicide. 
The Niko had me in tears god bless you homie die hard fan for bulls and opm
Fuck the cubs
That is the correct baseball team

Edit - hate all you want, go Cubs
yo fuck the cubs
Yeah, a little bit weird. I'm a Cubs fan and my friend made this for me, so I don't understand what's the problem with it.
This was a wallpaper with the major Chicago teams. Sorry losers.
Yeah such bandwagon fans that support the team thru miserable seasons and a 108 year drought. You guys cant even fill up half the stadium. Fans dont even care.
Seriously. Fuck those yuppies.
Oh, I’m blind sorry
Who said I wasn’t being a drunk asshole in the bleachers like everyone else?
i mean dennis rodman claims to have never talked to michael jordan or scottie pippen, and they won 3 championships, soooooo
Niko is an NBA player under his contract. He needs to finish his job whether he likes or dislikes his working environment. If he doesn't like it, then go somewhere else after contract end. This is responsibility and professionalism. 

From what I saw now, Niko is back at the gym and doing his rehab. I bet he doesn't like to be here for long-term now due to everyone seems siding on Bobby but at least he is not laying on his bad. Give him a break people. 
Can we please just force these two idiots to talk so we stop looking so dumb as an organization ???
Not talking to someone doesn't mean you have disdain for them. Niko and Bobby don't seem to get along. You can not talk to someone while still respecting them.
It's just weird, I hate some of the people I played high school with but when it came to the court you set aside your differences and just play. This is the NBA, Niko need to start acting like a professional and get over his dislike of a co worker.
I mean at my job if someone called me names or even pushed me, i still can’t just slug him. Bobby escalated the situation. 
Only on the internet is getting your face broken by a sucker punch "petty shit"
This is just me guessing randomly but I suspect that Bobby tried to be discrete about how to ring up Niko. If Niko isn't answering to his calls the only thing he can do is send a text.
That's not sexist. Everyone knows guys get over everything the next day while girls can get petty and nasty

And I'm saying girls, not women. There is a difference there 
I hadn’t heard he tried to call. Only text. But maybe I’m wrong. 
You know that punching somebody isn't a basketball play, right? MMA is a brutal contact sport, but if you're mad at an opponent you don't get to hit them in the groin or grab a bat. Point is, there are rules to contact sports, and acting violently outside those rules is still wrong
Kobe and Shaq, Rondo and Allen, Chalmers and LeBron. There's three more, and those are only the champions I can think of. But again, we wouldn't be asking them to play a season together for a championship, we would be asking them to gut it out for two months, I don't think it's as bad as you make it seem that we would have two players on bad term for two months.

What's your take, which way would you rather go? 
its cause your joke was really poorly written and already beaten to death
Guys were salty as fuck over Jimmy getting traded.  So salty that they shit on the three players we got for them. Saying how we got robbed, got fleeced, worst trade ever. Now lauris balling, Dunn's already elite defensively and can only improve on offense with more time, and lavine hasn't even suited up yet but the guy was putting up nearly 20 as a 3rd option. I get hating management, i really do, they've done plenty of stupid shit but that trade wasn't one of them and I can give them credit for it.
He just has no feel for the game offensively
> Saying how we got robbed, got fleeced, worst trade ever.

It was also a lot of spillover from the /r/nba anti-everything GarPax hive mind.
This sub should know that he played his rookie year under thibs. Hate to say it but he does a horrible job grooming rookies. 
>they've done plenty of stupid shit but that trade wasn't one of them and I can give them credit for it.

The trade included the front office's stupid shit in trading that pick away
That point guard battle is tight!
Don't worry about that game.
What game? 
I keep thinking: Who would want a player thats waived by the fucking knicks. And then I remember that we are much worse.
I don't think we are much worse than the Knicks; they just have a possibly generational talent in Porzingis that we have no equivalent to. Beyond KP, rosters are very similarly awful.
You broke his face fuckhead, high character my ass. Portis should be traded because he's an idiot. Mirotic should be traded because he sucks
Mirotic has a problem man like i know what he did was wrong Portis shouldn't be punching guys in the face but things like this happen. It was just two guys fighting for a spot when it just got chippy. 

I feel like Niko is being a little immature about the whole thing like i understand why he would be mad but what's past is past gotta move on from it. Portis even was apologetic to Niko and everything and yet Niko want's to hide in a room and not talk to his teammates WTF is that?
Arrived in the thread an hour late,   
to find the joke I was gonna make.
Somebody should break your face.  WHo the fuck are you to have an opinion on this?
I know of very few people who have broken a teammate's face.
Niko didn’t punch Bobby in the face and cause a bunch of facial fractures. So yeah, Bobby deserves to be vilified. You don’t fucking do that, it’s a crime. 
The statement above is one I can get behind!
But but if no context it looks worse!
>Who knows if we would have ever selected him in the first place. 

we wouldn't have

i agree the amount of attention jordan bell gets around the bulls fanbase is just fuckin annoying
Always draft based on talent and not need. That’s the part where garpax has fucked up these past couple of drafts. Drafting base on need especially when you’re rebuilding and have no corner piece is a terrible idea 
I've been saying it for a few weeks now but the Bulls are going to end up with Okafor by the end of the year and make a hard run at Jabari Parker this off season.
Its a terrible idea. Haha.  But I'd bet some team is going to do it.
He can't go to a contending team because none of them have the cap space.   All these people are stuck where they are or will need to switch to a bad team
Gotcha! It is weird the  rollout of these jerseys seems to be taking forever, I know I couldn’t even find a melo thunder jersey as of last month. 
Hopefully he can get his assists to at least 5 or 6.
3 games = Proving them wrong? 

If you know someone with a Kool Aid overdose, don't be silent, say something.
i'm also going with Dunn on this one. and if you have to ask why, you're streets behind.
Small sample size. We will see. 
Greg "Don't give a fuck about your tanking bullshit" Popovich. Beep beep. 
Fuck it, here's hoping we go 2-80 this season
There really isn't much to talk about. We know we are bad and its a waiting game at this point. I watch the games and cheer my boys but at the end of the day they are bad L's. SEE RED till death!
That’s what happens with tanking, too bad though. It was so fun after some of the games last year. Like the Nets game with the jimmy game winner
After watching this weekends games, Ayton is my 1, but Bamba looks like a freak.  Hopefully Porter plays tonight to get a first look at him.  

Slightly off topic if Levine signs on long term, Trier looks insane.
Lauri came out and met with fans after the game so I don’t think his injury will keep him out for long. 
Bobby with the long game
preach - hoiberg was the worst move this franchise has made in a decade. nepotism sucks.
Yet other fanbases had a plethora of activity when they were tanking.  Lakers, Celtics, Sixers, Knicks....our fanbase is on the decline, and it's showing after every game.

24 comments in a post game thread.  The aforementioned subs would have that in 10 seconds.  
If in on his shoes, I dunno what to say.


At least the successor has guts to spout.
Lauri hurt, hope to fuck it's not serious. It's gonna be worthless to watch them if he's hurt.
I can't believe this idiot FO gave Christiano fucking Felicio $32 mill. You could have signed some random scrub D leaguer to a minimum contract and he'd probably be better.


This is why I have 0 faith in this rebuild.
as a bp3 fan and chicago native, neil funk needs to chill the fuck out.  

15 points on 6-9 field, 5reb 5assist, leading spurs with +30.  and hes from chicago.  

relax neil buddy
Another game, another guard switches onto Lauri and Grant acts like he's invisible.
POST. GAME. THREAD. TIME.
At least we have Lauri
Welp Im tuning out for Philly/GS.
Lauri being out and being down 20 makes this game uninteresting af 
For the Grant haters, this crazy run is happening with Dunn off the floor. 
That Felicio contract is gonna down as one of the worst in franchise history
I hope that shitsack Reinsdorf loses a fucking fortune this year. Congrats to him for letting his dipshit friends make this team shittier than the White Sox again.
This is so hard to watch
Pau u try hard bitch
Embrace the tank. At least we have Stacey King on our side. Makes it hurt a little less
Felicio could be the worst NBA player no joke, he comes in and can't do shit but foul and play bad defense.
Wtf Grant
have the spurs missed a shot this game?
Goddammit Bobby. I want you to inexplicably avg 20/11
Alright I officially hate Felicio, the dumb fuck look he gives on every single foul is on the same level as boogie except Felicio sucks.
Felicio bitches about every call every holy fuck
Lauri officially done for the game, fml lads
brutal. heres the recipe: Majority of players on limited minutes + zero offensive direction + milquetoast coach with no balls or brains = playground me first basketball resulting in a total shitfest of horrible low percentage shots. and some morons in this sub paid to see it. #boycotthoiball
Don't forget he can't even receive a fucking pass unless it's tossed next to the hoop for an oop.
He got mad hopz tho
He's so fucking bad
hes getting ignored because everyone is just trying to get stats while they are in so they can get the fuck out of chicago. if hoiberg had ANY control over the team lauri would get at least 15 looks a night. it is 100% the team collectively saying fuck you freddy we need points per game to get the fuck away from you. sorry lauri.
They need to run the same plays for him that they run for ROLO. Don’t just stick him on the 3pt line. That’s what fucked Niko’s development.
hes getting ignored because everyone is just trying to get stats while they are in so they can get the fuck out of chicago. if hoiberg had ANY control over the team lauri would get at least 15 looks a night. it is 100% the team collectively saying fuck you freddy we need points per game to get the fuck away from you. sorry lauri.
Yeah the coach drawing up extra awful turnover's is just bad coaching!
I've never been that drunk at a game 
Twisted ankle
I wouldn't say he's gone, but he definitely would be much better as a roleplayer being asked to play 10 minutes a game.  This situation is awful for him since he can't create or separate.
every time he touched the ball it was something.  he had some real bad passes tonight, but to trash him on every pass and say "worst hands in the league" when 6-9 for 15, 5 & 5 was a little much.


:( I'm sorry to hear that. 
Did it look bad? I'm sad
Did it look bad? 
Nah Lauri, Lavine, and Dunn. Felicio by contract unfortunately.
Grant and Holiday biggest culprits. Zel finds people routinely off secondary pick and rolls. Lauri can't shoot it every time down. 
It looked like he was in pain but it didn't look serious, looked like he just tweaked it and was limping around. 
Nope, just decreased them
I don't understand your weird Finnish jokes and you should kindly go fuck yourself. 
SAMEEE I LITERALLY YELLED FUCK
Look at this dude. Calling me a monkey. Keep hitting that downvote to make yourself feel less awful. 
Learn about context and don't be so weak. Like, man up and don't get so offended. 
cause im fucking sick of people accepting hoiberg as a legit leader. hes a joke.
Shit man I'm just bored, what am I gonna do? Watch us lose by 30 again?
Your timing really sucks dude.
That damn “growing” one? Annoying af 
He’s on the worst team in the league, was apart of the most hated trade during draft night, and he’s got about 5% of the media coverage that they give people like Ben Simmons and Lonzo Ball. It’s reached the point where insta bitches don’t even wear bulls snap backs anymore homie, nobody cares about this team besides the true fans. 
Fuck them bandwagoners! We will still support our boys! All 20 of us dammit!!
personally i've hardly seen or heard anything about him. 
Not sure about you but I like when insta bitches wear bulls snapbacks
This might get ugly.


I'm going to this game. I've prepared myself for what's about to happen
I like Portis on this team. Our 2nd unit needs a gunner like him because it has such terrible shot creation
They play hard when Pop rest his guys.


But Lauri will pile up some stats tonight...
Do you mean preferably Ayton? Doncic is a guard so calling him a rim protector is a little weird...
So at worst he's going to be Patrick Beverley. I like Dunn so far.
Nbahd.net has replays of every game 
Zach Lavine looks like he will be hunting replicants after the game
Lame
You think it's weird that people want the guy who broke his teammates face to be cut??
Nwaba twisted his ankle on purpose to protect the tank 
>  Still had 4 TOs tho.

This is what* I can't understand. And his dribbling sucks.


Idk how he can play the point if he can't* control the ball.
Dunn had the delay start to the season and was building up his mins per game 
He's waiting for the game to come to him.


Something that is very hard to learn.


Especially when our guards sucks.
Where is this ceiling cause he's had plenty of chances and ends up just not showing up ... He has made 0 improvements to his game these past 3 years ... that doesn't show much potential that he will change moving forward either 
Playing a dangerous game there
Fuck Kevin Durant
Felicio working hard to end up on the list of reasons to fire GarPax
We are bad 
Denzel is so fucking frustrating to watch. Jesus Christ
that was so awful but i feel bad for dunn
Do we even have set plays? Strategy? Def game plan? Anything? I know this team is lacking on talent at the moment but seems guys have no purpose out there, and Felicio has no clue on what he's suppose to be doing at all
This is just really bad basketball by both teams.
Bulls have to be the worst 3 pt defending team in the league.
Grant has the worst post-entry play of any PG I've ever seen
You can't start Kris Dunn, i'm fuckin sorry. Dude has Omer Asik hands
Wow that block was crazy!!! 
This game is YMCA men's championship quality. 
Always a few times a game Denzel thinks he's Steph Curry and fires one deep as fuck with 20 seconds on the clock.
Fuck you grant
Bulls have passed out of at least 5 layups to shoot contested 3s. Coach your team Fred
Is the Reddit Stream link going to show this game at some point?
Man Rolo is off tonight :(
Ugly shooting
I still have hope for the bulls. I'm cooking filet mignon and I don't think they'll shoot as bad in the second half.
Anyone else annoyed when anyone gets to the rim they just fall over each time, even with zero contact if it's a layup they decide to just fall over.
This scoring table is dumb. They gave Lauri's assist to Zipser. smh
The patented dumb shit Felicio foul with the ol confused look...
worst popcorn spill I've ever seen. bring back the old Benny
I hate tanking.  I would rather watch last year's Bulls.  All you rebuild people are crazy.  This is so awful to watch
BREAKING: Bulls are not a good team
Dude has the Ben Gordon dribble.  But worse.  It's awful.  I feel like I can dribble better tbh
What is there bad to say? Dudes been ballin so far
not sure what are you talking about but head over to r/nbastreams
is LeK Lebron, also I wouldn't put it past GarPax to trade everyone on the roster.
He cannot take care of the ball, but is 5 tos worse than 5-10 bad shots or dribbling out the clock? I don’t think his turnover problems automatically make him a worse pg, which seems like a common opinion on this sub
Could we be competitively bad? Why do we need to be hopelessly bad?
That's a false choice though.  You dont know that tanking will work and you don't know we would have gone nowhere if we didn't tank.
False choice.  You're making assumptions on both paths.  
Seriously though, they need to tank harder
I'm not criticising anything. I'm just confused with regards to what it's about. Please explain
No, the bulls are why the bulls are a joke unfortunately 
It’s basically a shit post, don’t take it to seriously. 
Serious? From the crap with the billboard to this? Cant even look at any Bulls fans under 30 with any respect
Another game, another L.
Another game, another W.
I WANT A GODDAMN WIN LETS FUCKING GO GET THAT SHEIIT BABAYYY WOOOOO KNOCK EM THE FUCK OUT BOBBY CATCH A FUCKING PASS BIG CRIS LIL KRIS DO YOU BABY FUCKING HOI CAN I GET A YEAHHH BABY LETS FUCKINGN GOOOOOO CJICAGOOO I CANT HEAR YOU!?!?!? FUCKING YES CHI TOWN GONNA PUT ON MY CAM PAYNE JERSEY AND GWT FU KING WASTED FAMILY SO MUCH LOVE BOYS LETS GOOOOOOOOKLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCHICAGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Mirotic is FA this summer. We signed him 1+1. We have team option. He can leave Bulls at the end of season if Bulls decide not to pick the option.  Bulls will only take longterm bad contract if it's profitable to get young talent in return. Read something in lines like Deng + Ingram/Kuzma. Or a pick, but it needs to be lottery pick.  

No team will take long term deal for late 1st. That's just bad  business. 
"I don't want a cut of the enhanced ticket prices or 3 days of concession sales"

Fucking clown
It would be part of an ownership group. No one buys teams by themselves, way too expensive 
I mean, I kinda like the honesty
Jimmy Butler and his stans need some grief counseling. 
Seems you just dislike him irrationally. Nothing of which he said was false 
You can keep saying "take your L" all you want, dick rider, it just ties into your stupidity and delusion.

For the 10th time, get the fuck outta here, loser.
Nah, you're the one that bothered me for a quote that had nothing to do with the stupid point that you tried to make. You got embarrassed in the other thread and you're coming for a second shot, but you don't get it here either because you're *still wrong*

It's cute how hard you're trying though, I'll give you that. Take your L
dude, it's over, you got called out, and now you're coming for a second shot and you're still wrong. It's pathetic. Take the L and go home
This is how you know you lost, you don't have an argument other than calling people names like. 12 year old haha. Pathetic 
Finally! I'll look to get tickets for that, but I'm afraid that they're going to be 4 arms and a leg.
Too bad they can't rig it so GarPax picks the right guy. Someone's gonna be a bust.
It’s cold
lavine should at least be in the dunk contest, and maybe even an all-star by then 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> All-Star Celebrity Game: Bill Murray

DGAF about the rest


Dude, I am absolutely exhausted watching him drop pass after pass
Worst FA signing of the offseason league-wide. Said it when we did it and haven't changed my mind one bit. 
[the fuck did you just say? ](https://imgur.com/gallery/kzvcx) 
Anyone else thinks it's mean to call him shrek and ogre?  I don't like him or his contract either but still 
If Antoine Walker is less of a chucker you are doing pretty bad.
that cat in dog face looks like some creepy gremlin shit
I like the subtle jab from the writer, saying the Bucks hid their subtle jab in a place you wouldn't look- the part of the site where you buy Bucks tickets.
I️ mean, old Benny would be MVP but new Bennie is just... boring?  
Ugh. We should have went to the ECF that year. Fuck lebron.
Wasn’t that the Dark Giannis game where he tackled Dunleavy?
Relax boys. I'm just a little salty. Not used to being a gutter team yet! 😣
Fuck Blatt for getting away with trying to call that illegal time out.
Ya but fucking choked hard against a broken cavs team
Fuck dellavadova too 
They still salty when we dominated them in that game 6.
Big talk from a franchise that will be irrelevant again once Giannis dips.
Be afraid tanking bulls!


You are not alone!
Is this game supposed to be really hyped or something? Sorry, I don't follow football. 

EDIT: Whoops. Didn't read fully. 
There isn't one quote in here corroborating what this fraud has to say, fuck Cowley, this is bush league journalism
For all those that say Bobby has faced the consequences (8 games ban), but Niko hasn't ... I'd like to remind you that one one of these guys has had a concussion and a broken skull. 

I think there is a line somewhere, and punching a teammate in the face is on the wrong side of it. Having said this, I'd prefer both of them to stay with the Bulls this season, as it is a try-out for us. I still believe that both of them can be role players for us. 
Damn fuck this team...
but there's already a show called Tanked :(
He's been right about all the stupid drama though. Look at the Bulls with Thibs and Jimmy.
Why? His teammates probably sympathize with Bobby, who threw a punch after Niko charged him multiple times.


You don't know what happened or why beyond that, so I figure the players know better than we do. Mirotic played a stupid game and won a stupid prize.


I'd say there's less integrity in pretending you're tough and wanting to be aggressive and being surprised when someone takes you up on it.
Seriously Niko could be a complete douchebag behind doors and this be the tip of the iceberg and be an issue for the locker room in which case I have zero fucking issue with him going.
I dont care if he ran up to Bobby and yelled punch me in the face repeatedly.  The fact is Bobby broke his fucking face and the org did jack shit about it and they would be sweeping their utter lack of control accountability by getting rid of the guy that got his shit dented in rather than the shit denter inner.  Maybe Niko is a dbag or not nice or an entitled cunt or whatever other stupid thing you guys are baselessly calling him but he isnt the one who put his teammate in the hospital and possibly fucked him up for life.  Lol the Niko hate on here is beyond ridiculous.  
Wait... what?  Unless he punched himself in the face, how did he bring it on himself?  By that logic, Jordan should have had his jaw permanently wired shut as retaliation for all the insane shit he did in practice.
Oh man, that would be brutal to watch. Would still watch, though.
Damn they must be afraid they might beat the Suns/Pacers
What even IS 'quad tendinitis' :/
suns game is the 19th, we got indy and the spurs friday saturday b2b
God, we're so fucked. Just how we want it. 
Well you just went full retard
Exactly, brutal to watch 
His ability to read the game and cut will hopefully improve as the season goes on, but the guards seriously need to improve entry passing to him or get him the ball earlier in the play
That was very dumb to let rondo walk, but hey, that’s garpax for ya
Either way I think it’s on hoiberg. If it’s just that his plays aren’t inclusive of Markannen enough then I’m having trouble understanding why he’d make that choice, and if it’s a PG problem then I’m frustrated that these bums are allowed to act selfish on the floor without any accountability from hoiberg.  
Rondo is ass. Do you not realize we benched him because he was so bad. 
Sorry little boy but you’re wrong on this. There is a reason why people in this sub are downvoting you
What offense were you watching? The Bulls offense last year was disgusting. Everyone was yelling about what the fuck Hoiball was, we had no shooters in an offense built for shooting which lead to Rondo dribbling and circles, and leaving Butler to create something out of an iso. 
Not at all, I don't care what you have to say. Just know that you wouldn't talk to me like that in real life so you do it on a computer. I feel bad for you.
Can you say that in words a dumb person would understand?
I'm sick of hooking up my laptop to my HDMI. Do you just use the PS4 browser to go to the subreddit? And the streams work on PS4?
You need to keep the one play by play guy who can still see 20/20 on the radio for those souls who are taking in the whole game listening. At least we can watch the fuck ups Neil has, imagine if these two traded places.
I️ prefer chuck for his content and the tone of his voice, but man do I️ agree with you about his “star-struckness”, it’s totally out of control. Makes his player interviews weird. Prefer him as a play by play. 
Bobby Portis revenge game.
Couldn’t face the Elite Four after tearing his ACL in another fight with fucking Gary.  Damn shame.
Is the Nets pick from Cleveland too much for him? And take one of those bad contracts they have.
I could be wrong.... But isn't our defense actually fairly decent? And it's our offense that's the problem? At least I thought they were talking about that tonight. Anyone got stats/sources?? 
But he can pump fake 10 times and then miss, so he's got that going for him. 
Tried hard but ~~not too hard~~ we suck at basketball
The Bobby hate, I think, is incredibly undeserved. There's no way that Bobby meant to break Nikos face. Despite the fact that he looks crazy as hell, there is no reason to think he's some lunatic that wanted this situation. 

Niko started it, so any attitude issues that people want to gripe about should be aimed towards the guy that continuously went after the other. And even still, if Niko didn't break any bones then this would have been a small story. 
ehhh what the fuck is that google search dude ? ahahaha
Completely worthless, yes.  ha! 
But it follows your logic as to why it should be tried. Essentially, it's a bad idea that doesn't need to be attempted just cuz it can be. Just cuz we're tanking. 

Get it? 
It's a fake quote...
Even in jest this made me scowl. Fuck those lizards 
They don't need to, they need to tank. Hard. 
I've watched Butler play for years, he is one of the least exciting wing players out there.

Your team is going to badly regret trading for Butler. A KAT + Markkanen front court would be unfair in a couple years. 
>I'm just stating that he quoted that it was either him or Derrick

He didn't though. He said he got a phone call and thought it must be him or Derrick being traded.

All that rivalry crap was just beat up by shitty Chicago media.


I don't think watching Jimmy iso all game long would be exciting. We had a season of it last year and it was boring as hell 
You discredit a player like Butler because he's not a superstar or a franchise type player. You sell high on those players and start over when we had zero upward mobility with him. 

Implying he's anywhere near the talent of the player's you listed in insulting to those player's careers. 
Yeah that would imply he put up duplicate line(s), I write for people who excel in common sense.
It's boring cause we had no reliable shooters or people that can get a bucket consistently and thats on the FO 
Man, you're all over the place

Should've been 34 minutes instead of 30 minutes...should've been 'line' instead of 'lines'.  Not sure who you write for, but it's certainly not people with common sense.
This is how it builds, one person after another misquoting and eventually "Jimmy hates Drose" surfaces and people run with it like it's fact. It's really annoying 
Yeah, since you were so literal I decided to cover my butt by amending it to 34. He sucked asshole in 34, not 30 minutes.

Must be tough to see your superstar become a role player when reunited with the only coach he will work hard for, don't take it out on us!
I don't know how else to talk to unintelligent, delusional children.

So why imagine it when it's happening:

ride that dick, dick rider. I think it's concussing you and/or all that semen getting pumped into you is clogging up your cerebrospinal fluid.

Cheers, loser.
you don't know how to talk to people aside from telling them to shove "dicks up their ass"? That's sad. You were wrong then and you're wrong now 

Take the L dude, it's over 
Not many people followed this sad thread down this far to updoot dat Jimmy truth.  But I gotchu Theo(den) Epstein
Lowry’s position is loaded, Butler’s isn’t. That’s not a fair point to make at all. 


Butler is a space clogger and is not a great facilitator, insinuating that he’s comparable off ball to Klay is absurd. 

Klay provides elite spacing, making life easier for the rest of his teammates and it’s not like he’s useless with the ball. 

You have unreasonably high expectations for Butler, prepare for loads of disappointment. 
Jimmy Butler...playmaker and QB? What? 

I’ve watched him for years, your expectations are wildly high. Prepare for disappointment. 
holy fuck, it's chuck and stacey!
Can't believe how terrible Felicio is now. Looks like he doesn't give a fuck now that he got paid 
Felicio has to have some of the worst hands I’ve ever seen for a center.
why don't they want to give the ball to lauri man shits so frustrating 
I'm just imagining Niko sitting in a hospital bed watching Bobby tear it up this game while a single tear rolls down his cheek
Raptors bitching on every play. So damn annoying
Felder is even worse than Grant when it comes to staring off Lauri
I’ve defended hoiberg all last season but when he can’t get our rookie prospect more than 10 shots a game IN A TANKING SEASON. Then I’m fucking done with him. We have to watch markkenan go 3-6 when zipser and fucking jerian grant go for 2-12. Fuck this bullshit 
PUNCH WHOEVER THE FUCK YOU WANT BOBBY BOY
Sorry Shrek but I'm starting to jump on the Jah Jah Binks hype
Another game where markkenan gets less than 5 shots at the half ....
One of the most horrible quarters. Tank at least is secured, everything else was shit.
Holiday and Grant are terrible.  No defense and chuck on offense.
YA DUNN FUCKED UP TORONTO
My wife is tired of bulls games so she's making me watch Cavs Bucks. Rooting for the close loss and lauri to dominate
Catch these hands about to drop a career game 
What on earth did we do to deserve stacey king

Trying to watch the ball game and he's cracking me the fuck up
DeRozan mad he got his cookies taken.
Bobby Portis breakout game
Just tuned in... Chuck Swirsky is doing the game?! 
Catch the fucking ball Felicio. 
Just tuning in. Did Neil Funk get fucking throat cancer, or is that Chuck?
Gotta hit the fucking rim on a layup bros. 
This flop is the type of shit I hate. Shame on you Kyle
Why the fuck are they not guarding DeMar at the 3-pt line, SMH
Must admit, I did miss Bobby crazy eyes 
Anyone else miss Funk? This guys voice is annoying
These refs are idiots. Two fouls I disagree with, both to Lauri.
Man i hate the raps, one of the teams that truly believes in their heart of hearts that they never ever foul anyone and are always fouled
Wait, Raps have a jedi? That's unfair.
I'm late on this, but what happened to Neil funk on Commetary?
RELEASE BOBBY. We need "One Punch" man on the floor, finish CJ, finish valentinus...

But Toronto again on this game shooting crazy good. =/ Watched other games of Raptors home games and they have nothing like this.
Alba time to close it with a post game thread
Zipser has a PER of 3.9 this year. Guy is the definition of useless.
Can't fucking stand Poeltl for some reason. 
This game is getting a lil spicy 
Fuck the trash raps
[Our father is watching this game like](https://imgur.com/a/MQ1Nr)
FRED PUT LAURI IN YOU DUMB ASS WTF
Any stream for the game?
Does felico have the worst "hands" of any Bulls player, ever??
Every time I  come here ppl are complaining how bad players are like there suppose to play good like the team isn't projected to be the worst team in the league.What are you all expecting?
Fuck Portis
fred what is the point of a time out here the game is over man... hate when coaches do this shit
yea he's been killin it from behind the arc
Crazy thing is he’s still 28
Why would I be in a game thread in nba sub when we always have an active one here?
You should see blogabull these days, they got tumbleweeds blowing through the game threads 
Half Warriors subs are bots tho. 

And fuck flaring on r/NBA, people will downvote you to hell just for it if you post in wrong threads 
Personally I use the /r/nba gamethread sometimes but you get more of the feel of the fan base here in the bulls game threads, plus the bandwagon trolls hating on bad teams in a game thread becomes annoying. 
That sucks, we probably lost some people who were just exclusively Jimmy fans also
His playmaking is there, just slowly coming around. 
Yeah we do.  Ughhhh.  I hate tanking so much
How difficult is it to have a post play once in a while ,,,?
That weak interior D just now should be your answer.
and zipser played bad today
Stacey: 'Bobby didn't mean to hurt you'
Could be a duo looking forward with the NBA playing small ...
Been in a bit of a funk lately. I'll see myself out. 
Asik had really bad hands.
I won't feel bad for goimg to bed ;)
WTF?!! 
I camt believe Dallas is 1-10.  Wtf!!!  I think we will finish 4th tbh Q0
Not a good mentality to instill in players
The problem with this dude is he never passes and keeps taking hard ass shots
It's sad man.
He is showing lots of progress since game 1
Wow. How's he been for you guys? That was a sick bucket from him 
I hope you joking but something tells me you get mad when you see those
What is your weird obsession with Dunn? I think everyone knows your opinion on him considering you say the same thing over and over.
Agreed. You can literally just lazily hand the ball to someone and have it count as an assist.
I rather watch Dunn then see grant pound the ball to the ground so hard it leaves dents 
Seriously though, why are we still talking about this dude?
Yeah it was dumb of them to sell a pick when we're rebuilding, but how long are y'all gonna beat this dead horse?
Pshh, obviously. I mean Lonzo is undefeated in the finals after all
Wait a minute… So am I! Does that mean I am the goat?
I hope we trade Portis before the game starts. 

If Lauri plays less than 30 minutes because of him I'm going to be livid.
Sergeant Crazy Eyes reporting for tank duty. 
Gonna be Bobby's Raptor killer game
Held up at work. No stream sorry 
Is Vince Goodwill crazy???  He would choose Butler over Pippen???  He got mocked and rightfully so
Can we play him instead of Dunn.  Or maybe with Dunn.   Jesus Dunn is awful as a pg
You mean 30 and 15...with 5 blocks?
Basically every Bulls fan is cheering for Lauri to go off for 50, in a game where the team only scores 60 and loses.
I'll be so frustrated if they cut Markkanen's minutes due to the comeback of Portis... I bet it will be Markkanen show if he gets the minutes because he knows Portis is after his minutes.. Bet Markkanen scores +20 if he gets enough passes and minutes..
Yuss and also Grant shouldn't see any fucking playing time.
Yeah the dude almost had a triple double last game that's bad for the tank
So basically your stupid idea got proven wrong and now you're throwing a little fit


What a child
Doesn't really matter. They're still a bad team and a losing team.
Small sample size.
My mistake, I remembered wrong. The point still stands that we shouldn’t have missed the playoffs the next year
It's all about pace. They scored 115 too and they lost Nwaba so the SF is weak on the Defensive side. No one is saying they are the Boston Celtics or something.
Speaking of the jerseys. Does anyone else absolutely hate that the shoulder edge lining thing doesn't go all the way around the armpit area but just stops abruptly?

Edit: this part https://i.imgur.com/07Bcvr2.jpg
I hate that!
Weirdly there is no pressure, anxiety being a Bulls fan this year and we actually have a direction as a franchise so there is something to cheer for!
I hated being that middle-of-the-pack team. Now I'm looking forward to a young core, possibly a dynasty 
Even getting him as an old man, he still put crazy numbers for us. But also to your point, rumor has it the Bulls were blacklisted after the Jordan fuck up. They were a known organization for agents to not let their superstars play for. 
Seems unlikely.  I don't think people want Robin Lopez *that* badly.  Maybe if we traded Markkanen, but that's not happening.
maybe if the cavs get desperate for some defense and the nets look like they're playing well they'll trade rolo for the nets pick and some salary dump
They don't want Niko, his contract is too expensive.
What? 2nd round picks are almost worthless in the NBA
Bout fucking time
I got Doncic as number 2, after I got disappointed with Bagley.



Remember Doncic is playing against Pro's, not college athletes.
The game is 5 vs 5. Bamba has the frame to add muscles.
Who told you that? I never saw him get "really" cold. Trier was just not passing the ball.

edit: He shot the ball 9 times in his last game... less than 7 days earlier he scored 20 points with 12 shots... Trier shot 19 fucking shots, 3/10 from 3PT. Never wish a teammate like that to anyone. 
LOL. How did he got really cold when he shot 51% from the field? His 3PT didn't go in and that's about it.

THE FACT! That you are trying to defend the dude that took 19 shots and was so bad, it's actually unbelievable. I think you are part of his family or something.
That would fucking suck. He fits the worst on our team. 

If we were in a position where we drafted him I'd try to move up and trade him and someone else for MPJ/Ayton
Who gives a fuck about a mock draft in November? Garbage post.
Lazy comparison 
Bad, we need a high pick this year.  This draft class is loaded.  
I know its just the d league but he put up 35 pts one game
I sprained my ankle a week ago while balling and still haven't fully recovered. It sucks
I like how you included his misses. serious
Isn't that the report say he instigated the incident?


Would Bobby punch him if he hadn't done anything stupid?


I really don't see the argument that he got abused.


He deserve some of the blame for instigating it.
Being angry and getting into someone's face == physical violence.

Got it.
No way he's worse than Cam Payne
My bad didn't see the other ones
God, this is getting annoying. I'm getting sick of the notification that you replied. We'll the say that you won. OK, buddy? 
> Look into how the AFL does it.

You seem to be suggesting the AFL is the same as the NBA, which is clearly absurd.  One sport is played on grass and the other one isn't

Jesus Christ your skin is thin.
Video linked by /u/marx32:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
[BOBBY'S WORLD INTRO](https://youtu.be/GqQjpTbHR0A)|BL@H|2006-07-06|0:01:02|4,660+ (96%)|1,683,864

> BOBBY'S WORLD INTRO

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/marx32 ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=dpesa7s\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
The problem is, the league has more bad teams than we all thought. Currently we are at 4th, if this holds (and there's no reason to think it wouldn't, the teams below us are just as bad), if one or two teams jump us in the lottery that means we could pick 5th or worse, 6th.
I was always worried.  Hawks are tanking just as hard as us in the East, and the Mavs and Kings are tanking just as hard as us in the West.  And there are a lot of other teams who could be that bad if something happened.
I doubt the Bulls finish with the worst record.  Dallas and the Kings play in the West.  That's brutal.
Nah, the coaching staff will start "accidentally" giving the bad players bigger minutes.

Also, the coach can start calling for ridiculous plays that have very little chance of actually working.
ya its in chicago, and the whole garpax thing has gotten headlines. As much as i hate to say it, I would be 0% surprised if we had like the 4th worst record and got the first
I mean, even if we are outside the 5 worst teams, we still have Silver to rig the lottery for us. Right guys?
To me that makes no sense. Can you explain? Are you people basically saying his defense is so bad it will make up for a potential 20-25 PPG scorer? 
Which sucks cause everyone loves Robin and he’s been fuckin balling out this season 
Let's just cut Rolo's minutes and boost up Felicio's, Bobby's/Niko's stats for late 1st round trade value maybe
accordong to rpm he just sucks at both.
Not gonna lie, truly depressing times for us.
Fuck Portis and GarPax.
Da fake, da drive, da slam!
"I can't believe how fortuitous it was that our teammates hit each other," is a weird sentence. 
Of course Lauri would start. Hoiberg isn't an idiot...
**FUCK GOING TO THE CHAMPIONSHIP WE'RE TANKING**
Wrong boxscore?

https://watch.nba.com/game/20171104/NOPCHI
If we don't have the worst record at then end of the season I consider this season a failure. Unfortunately, our team may be better than the Suns
Biggest problem with grant is he's Lauri-blind. if they ever diagnose it, he'll get his disease named by him. "Hey rookie go posting. oh well, i give it to Rolo even he's in worse position."
I think "bad" is a stretch of Lauri on offense. His shot was off, but to his credit he still found ways to score and I don't think he forced bad shots just because they weren't falling. 
Bad joke, go away.
He legit seems like he is allergic to giving Lauri the ball. Was even worse in the earlier games, would look at him and just pass to someone else in a worse spot
Have to be the worst post entry team in the league. Fucking grade school fundamentals just completely lacking. 
How can anyone stand Cousins, look at his whiny crying fucking face.
How fucking stupid is Grant not to get Markkanen the ball with that fucking midget one him.
I want to give Hoiberg a bit of credit. After the awful effort in the OKC game, they've played with more focus in these last 2 games
Lauri had a mismatch. wtf
grant is a real life retarded person. how do you NEED lopez to enter it for you when a 5 foot nothing guard IS NOT EVEN FRONTING.
CALL FOR THE FUCKING BALL MARKKANEN. DON'T BE SHY OR THE GUARDS WON'T PASS IT TO YOU.
On the one hand, Lauri game winner, on the other hand, tank...
horrible play call. i like it.
What the fuck is this half time show
Hoiberg looks so sad! 
How the fuck did that midget shoot it over Lauri 
WHY THE FUCK GRANT PUTS LAURI IN THE POST IF HE IS NEVER GONNA PASS HIM THE BALL
Why can't Lauri ever get the ball in the post COME ON fuck 
Nwaba pls get well soon, Dunn is bad.
Teams are a combined 5 for 30 from deep. Very ugly game.
I actually like watching The Bulls as a Thunder fan but wow do I hate watching Jerian Grant. How do y'all feel about him?
If Lauri hits a game winner....
Grant you dumb shh
FUCK COUSINS
Damn wtf is Lopez doing 
Lauri :(
Probably Lauri's worst game so far. Not worried. 
Man Grant and Dunn are both so fucking bad. Youd think one would start elevating their play when they see the other one struggling as some sort of motivation to get a starting spot /more minutes. Guess not 
Did Lauri fuck Grant's girl for him not to pass to him or something?
Fucc that was nasty ankle roll. Afraid he busted it
man that sucks, Nwaba has been playing his ass off. Hope it's just a sprain.
Alvin Gentry is a bad coach, isn't he?
HOLY FUCK THIS IS THE FIRST GAME I HAVE GOTTEN A CHANCE TO FOLLOW ALL YEAR. GRANT IS LITERALLY SO BAD PLEASE I PLAYED THE 1 IN HIGHSCHOOL FRED HMU
fuck. we lost.
Thanks for the worst shooting night by markksman, tank keeps rolling good! Can't be too disappointed but hate to see those percents slump a lot.

Get Pondexter the fuck out of the building. 
This unit is so awful, jesus.
This game been ugly. 
i hate this guy who does the break attractions. he looks/is annoying and treat everybody like children. like he is a clown on a kindergarten party lol
fuck
That was ugly. 
Fuck you jameer!
Both ankles? At least one of them is just fucked... 
If we can lose this, we can thank Markksman. if any game, this has been the purrfect time to shoot blanks!
My league pass is fucked. 
what in the fuck were you thinking grant
#GIVE ME A GAME WINNER.
Damn wtf was that 
The fuck
I'd rather have Dunn turn it over 10 times a game than watch Jerian Cunting Grant ignore him again.
Dunn is bad guys...
It's the atrocious 3 pt %, it drains his life force.
I agree, if Zel drains some I won't be mad tho
Yup also screwed up two game winners 
Well first game of the season he had to deal with them if my memory is not to fucked up already !
Whatever the fuck that Stranger things monster is needs to take Grant into the shadow realm with it. 
Oh boy, what if Fred uses Lauri's poor shooting night as a reason to start Portis. I think this sub would collectively have an aneurysm.
He's tough to watch, always whining and has that cry baby look on his face.
Yeah AD has been sonning him so far, which isn't a bad thing. He needs these types of games to learn

Or halves even, he could come out of the locker room popping, who knows 
I want a sleeved Lauri jersey :/
You serious? 
christ almighty so reactionary

yes he has issues in his game he needs to work out, this has been established, but no that doesn't make him a bad player
Or at least pass it to him In the post
He'd be a fucking moron to do that

So that's probably what will happen. 
I'll run over to Chicago and sleep with Carol if that actually happens. Felicio give me tips, oh lawd hold me back.

DON'T PUT THIS EVIL ON US, RICKY BOBBY.
I'd say, of all the bad things people have said about Hoiberg, not letting a shooter have the green light even after a bad game is certainly not one of them
It's the same caliber of Whine as LaBronnette. They are highest on my hate list because of that. Other side of the scale is the likes of Leonard.
I remember two or three posessions where he could have gotten the ball but failed to establish himself against way shorter players like Moore.
Yeah, he’s being overlooked badly. 
Fuck that. Ayton can at least shoot a 3.
All I need to hear to give a hard pass on him. We don't have the environment to fix that.
what does assist percentage mean?
But he's a selfish chucker! Muh narrative! 
percent of field goals he assists while in the game
Man this draft is crazy, if all these guys pan out I could see 

Ayton- D Rob with a 3

Doncic - guard version of Larry Bird

Porter-KD 2.0 

Bagley- Hakeem 2.0 
Pacific time is 5.. Way to get my hyped thinking I can watch the bulls game before i start work :(
You got the times wrong bruh 
Apart from some rebounds and tough screens what is felicio for? I have this horrible feeling that is he put in as freds tank commander, nb pelicans and hornets are the 2 teams I don't mind loosing to so as long as we ball out in any way going to be fun to watch - holiday vs holiday
This is gonna be a tough game for Lauri
Remember when Paxson choked Vinny del Negro?  That's a lot worse than this. They have no ground to stand on enforcing these type incidents, when they encourage the culture. It was just a couple guys getting rough and out of hand.  The players stand by Bobby on this one, therefore so do I.
Thank you! It's unfortunate and all, but hug it out and move on. Shit happens.
Fuck Ben Simmons.


He's not even from this draft class.
I'm a couple days late to this thread but the fact that he still only gives him a C is ridiculous 
I hope this tweet ages terribly 
Fuck KOC
Greetings from /r/whitesox!.... anyone?..... Anyone?.... No? OK then
I'd put it at 90%.  I think he was cleared for contact?  But I'm not sure. 
My GOD. That 3 in Isaac's face was so fucking nasty
at this rate we will blow the tank.


Bye Bagley?

No more Porter?
Wtf, Rolo wasn't even the picture when Mr. Hockey Assist purposely missed the shot!
**FUCK TANKING WE'RE GOING TO THE CHAMPIONSHIP**
wtf just happened
fuck i missed the game..
Yeah I'm really shocked. He's never been an offensive threat but if he can be consistent---look out. 
Thing is you dont want to start both Dunn and Nwaba until Dunn can at least establish himself as an average 3pt shooter. Like 32%.

> Valentine and Grant

Should change that to Grant and Holiday. Zel looks for him and sets him up almost every game for a few open looks. 
Paul "I fuck the living shit out of tanks" Zipser 
Nah man we have probably the worst backcourt in the league, Knicks would also be up there. 
Fuck Ls get dubs 
Seriously,  what has happened to Zipser this year? 
LAL now is confused why they cut this guy for KCP.
Is it wrong that I instantly thought of Mr. Slave and Paris Hilton when I saw this?
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck im so tired of grant. Get Dunn in!!!
RAW SAUCE
Did Grant's girl fuck a Finnish dude? i am struggling with his stupidity over here
Nwaba is absurdly athletic even for the NBA
"Hurr durr Lauri is a bad defender"
It's not a hard game guys.. just give lauri the fucking ball 
Rolo is having a rough game
What the heck happened to zips game
HOLY FUCK THAT BLOCK NWABA FETT IN YO MUTHAFUCKIN SPACE BITCH 
2nd game in a row they've given a Lauri 3 to Grant, how is it so hard to assign stats correctly?
OMG Holiday :d WTF?!
lauri fucking markkanen
Lauri such a fucking beast
That HAD to have been goaltending. Come the fuck on. 
Poor Valentine just is so slow, wasn't his fault on that one since Shrek let his guy just walk to the basket.
I hate the Nike jerseys.  I also hate that home team gets to choose colored uniforms.  Nor enough contrast on the screen
I know guys, I hate it too when the graphics are bugged and the scores are switched. 
Nothing wrong with losing a close one! That just means Dunn, Lauri, Rolo, and Denzel played well
This is getting to weird places. My head plays "Lean on me" in the waiting of Markksman. Is this a bro crush?!
There's something really weird about the camera focusing and zooming in on a bunch of 8 year olds jamming to Metallica.
Holy fuck that pass
Grant is so bad.
i dont usually like saying this but we are lowkey getting some bad calls
They just took away the Lauri to Nwaba dunk :(
Holiday is having a game and a half out there my god.
Valentine and felicio are two of the worst players in the nba
Just horrible defense Fournier shouldn't have gotten to the rim 
This team is not thinking for itself. Blindly running offensive lines.
Nwabbafett OP as fuck 
At least Holiday has hit a few.
Please, I'm sick of Grant and Holiday already
Petition to stop cheerleaders, it's boring af 
this is supposed to be the bad lineup fam
Valentine sipped from the raw sauce
**RAW SAUCE**
We will be straight bad
Too slow, too weak, too small
Seriously, I think that's what might be happening. Either that or they're blind.
i was actually going to half serious write on Bulls realGM we need him as PG. He'd actually might do not so bad. :d
My bad
why not? i liked the look of him
Go to pornhub if want to see some ladies ;). Cheerleaders are just so boring with the shitty music and dance 
He has to hedge screens though. Part of the game. His responsibility. 
These aren't official these are from the mockups a graphic artist did before the nike jerseys were released. The nicest are still insane though
These are sick! We need to bust them out in the finals when the Markksman and Doncic terrorize the opposition 😏
No piping on the neck or shoulders? Looks like a practice jersey. Again, Nike tinkering and making them worse in my opinion. 
"King of the North" is a stupid ass non-creative nickname
Who the fuck threw Lauri Legend in there?  Fire them.
All of those are fucking trash.

If we're not nicknaming him White Death after [this badass](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simo_Häyhä) then what are we even doing
That is just horrible. Will never use it
You can’t just force nicknames man that’s so lame
Isn't that common knowledge
I mean he is from Finland so it makes a little sense.  It's just not creative.   The king of the North is Mitch Trubisky
That’s worse imo, sounds weird
You never know what you might learn about history because of the game of basketball.
well this is awkward
> King in the North

It's also a title in Game of Thrones.
Its serious as fuck dumbass 
This was awful. Especially what he said about LaVine at the end. 
One of the worst things I've read, and even with my expectation that everything BR does is terrible
I’m saying if you’re picking the worst rebuild, pick a team which has been failing at rebuilding for years, not one who has been rebuilding for 10 games. 

Obviously the wolves are finally turning it around, but it’s stupid to pick on the bulls for not succeeding at rebuilding when other teams have been bad for years. 
In before Lauri dunks on Aaron Gordon and donkey kicks Elfrid Payton so hard while hanging on the rim that Elfrid's hair falls off.
Fuck portis. 
I'm not even gonna open it, I just know it's robin chasing the rookie around like a mad man
Dunn unrinocally could use that retarded ad that starts thing thing. Dude dribbles like he has one on already.
Nike can't even make jerseys that can withstand a foul in an NBA game! Those Adidas jerseys never ripped that I remember.

Hopefully there is a curse for all the teams who choose to have a sponsor on their jerseys. Thank goodness the Bulls haven't put one on their jerseys yet. That shit is ugly.
 Was that a problem in the past with those Adidas or Champion jerseys?
I want him to at least keep his shooting skills :s
We all know what happened to the last bull player to sign a big Adidas endorsement deal :(
My brother has some drose with that boost stuff. They feel dope! Bouncy, comfy, the thread on the sole look horrible for out door basketball though. 
you don't know shit fuck about street procastination
I'm less concerned with his defense than before the season because Minnesota's still sucks without him.
Don't worry. Our secret weapon hasn't even played yet. Just wait until the campaign of Cam Payne begins.
Game thread during the combine?
As a NBA2K player, it's hard playing with the Bulls
I tried and failed miserably as well. Granted I hadn’t played 2k in like 10 years either. 
It wouldn't be a 'highlight' video then, would it?

It'd be a condensed player's game video.
These dudes are giving you a hard time cause they don’t accept the word “highlight” can include bad plays. It totally can... SportsCenter does it all the time. Oh, maybe they are too young for SportsCenter.

I like the idea. And please stop adding music to the highlights too.
I don't believe I have - just one of those weird situations.
I don't have the time or ability to - and as stated it the title it is a suggestion. The point of the suggestion being there are people that base a players play off of highlights which is dumb.
As stupid as this might seem the Portis/Mirotic saga actually helped Lauri make his mark. One of the two is going. Hope the Bulls can figure it out.
I appreciate this statement. Niko started the fight, Bobby ended it. And while both Bobby and Niko look like ass holes (but moreso Bobby) at least we have Lauri to show of it all
Fuck off.
Thought that said bye felicio and I was irrationally angry with you 
Sorry, but we should appreciate him while he's gone, he's back in 5 days
> I think a frontcourt lineup of Markkanen and Niko could do some damage against a small line up.

Assuming Niko starts hitting those 3's

felicio has legit been awful tho
the obsolete was about bobby, bad sentencing
I know. I'm trying to be Broken Matt Hardy
Reports were saying the locker room was against niko. Both can go but bills decided to pick up portis for another year and sign niko to a god awful contract.
He's a poor man's Brandan Wright
Why would we want to make the playoffs😂 I like that starting lineup, but just be as bad as possible this year 
Dunn-LaVine-Nwaba-markkanen-RoLo wouldn't be that bad opening line up. luckily our bench is crap so we won't win too much. I'd like to see Felder coming in off the bench. I don't hate Grant but he has to learn when to shoot and when to pass. I don't say anything about Holiday, he has got his share of crap so I pass it this time. Maybe coming off the bench would be easier for him and bulls
I agree his handles look Ben Gordon levels of awful.  I just see him as a Tony Allen type.  That is ceiling.  And he can't shoot!!!  He doesn't have vision... how the eff is this guy a pg?
Yep, Dunn is still raw but the defense is already there and you can tell he is a cerebral player the way he gets steals and the looks he generates for others. Just needs to polish his offense a bit and if nothing else Hoiberg can help with that.
You may be right. Dirk has been terrible this year but starts for some reason and I don't think he started last year 
I can tell you've never seen Doncic play. Idiot.
I can tell you’ve never seen Porter play. Idiot.
Stacey kept saying this during the game, but Bawitdaba started tonight. 
Can't go wrong with Stacey either. 
I call him marky mark cause his name is hard to spell
BBQ CHICKEN
STOKED ON: Lauri, Dunn, Nwaba

HATED ON: Grant, Felicio, Holiday
holy SHIT I hate when Felicio complains about calls.  He looks like a confused shrek
If Dunn and Lauri develop some P&R chemistry that would be so fucking cash. 
Small sample size but night and day difference with Dunn over Jerrian both sides of the ball
That Felicio contract looks worse every game :(
Grant really is just a bad player
I don't mind losing. But can we at least try to run an offense? Grant nd Holiday are so useless
There's the patented pump fake 3pt drive & turnover from Zipser
Why his Denzel pulling up 2 feet behind the 3 with 20 seconds on the shot clock? Who the fuck do you think you are.
Wtf is Denzel the peanut brain doing???
Zipser does the same shit every time he has the ball does that retarded 3pt juke then drives into the paint resulting in a turnover
HOLY FUCK
KRIS DUNN WITH THE FUCKING SLEDGEHAMMER WTF IS HE DRINKING!??
It's hard to choose a tank commander between Holiday, Felicio, Denzel, Grant, and Zipser
Delete this game nephew
1 for fucking 13
This has to be Holiday's worst game of his career. 1/13 Fgs?
We are absolutely the worst team in the league.
Valentine is so bad whenever he dribbles inside of the arc
Someone needs to donate a razor to the heat. Olynyk and Johnson's beards are difficult to look at
Kelly Olynyk looks like his chin hair belongs under the gusset part of  a woman's panties. 

This motherfucker is vulgar 
I'm so goddamn sick or watching Justin Holiday. Please hurry up LaVine I can't take anymore 
Can we just accept that Grant is not a very good distributor and let Dunn run the offense. It's like night and day. Grant has a role as a bench combo guard, but that's it. 
WTF are you going to bench Dunn after a dunk like that? 
Holiday sucks again. 
Wtf is up with this officiating? 
Well.. our wack ass bench cost us this game.
That was nasty
This offense is fucking terrible. Nobody doing anything. Everyone looks lost. Just shitty isos and bricked mid range jumpers.


Hoiberg sucks. 
God Grant sucks
Grant is probably the worst player in the NBA
Why must me go through the charade of Grant having x number of bad games before Dunn starts.
lmfao Valentine is fucking trash driving to the rim
Valentine looks like hes deathly afraid of contact
Holy shit Dunn!
FUCK. I logged in just to say once in for all Dunn is the starter.
Im starting to hate Holiday as much as I hate Grant
About time they call an offensive foul vs Dragic. Dude's been pushing off all game.
I haven't gotten a chance to watch a Bulls game yet until tonight. Holy fuck Lauri never even touches the ball. Scrub ass motherfuckers like Pondexter can shoot all he wants but Lauri can't even get a look smh this fuckin team
The grizzled vet baby! He seen some shit!
Wtf? I leave the room for a minute and they took the lead??
Team has a done terrible job of getting Lauri involved this half. 
Johnson is just incredibly ugly
Fred needs to ditch this trash fucking lineup. Dunn is the only one out there who should even be in the NBA
Bruh Zel wtf are you doing man.
God this is awful
Come on Zipser... lazy ass foul
wtf would you make lauri shoot that dumbass
What a terrible fucking call against Jerian.
Real talk: I don't think I've ever hated a Bulls player the way I hate Grant. 
Grant stepping his game up. The battle rages on. 
Man fucking Dragic just forearm shivers anyone near him.
Fuck I hate Dragic but that was a nice move
What happened to all that Hoiball bullshit? I thought thats what was wrong with the team 2 years ago. Jimmy and Derrick wouldn't buy in to the system. So whats wrong now?
Valentine get the fuck out of the paint!
I just can't stand watching Valentine play, he shows off after one fucking three, his bullshit no look passes. Dude acts like he's a 5 time all star.
>RoLo: poor man Brook Lopez

i'm fucking dead
They're not giving him shit, he's had multiple blow by's and get's fucking hammered and no call.
Our fucking players freeze him out cause they see him doing too well
Don't reveal hoibergs secret playbook!
What, you dont like watching Grant, Holiday and Valentine chuck up 40 shots combined per game and making 10 of them?
17 first half. thats a hoiberg stat line if ive ever seen one. fucking flavorless retard.
Came here to say this. There is no movement whatsoever. I can grab four or five plays from the 2K playbooks and run out my intramural basketball team and at least make Miami work on defense a little bit.
Holiday has value as a 3&D guy off the bench. He is not a first option and his efficiency suffers horribly with more volume. 
Dude, he was terrible in the playoffs and lost playing time to Isaiah Canaan, who can barely stay in the league.
A blind squirrel sometimes find a nut 
He could be averaging over 20 pts a game if we didn't just start fucking ignoring him at halftime every game 
I consider him a 3 and D guy who can pump fake drive.  I think he just needs a team that can get him open looks.
Cam Payne actually provides some comedic value though cuz he's so bad and looks hilarious, the rest are just boring chuckers
Oh wow, Valentine > Grant all fucking day
>Still plays like a rookie.

I mean it's his 6th game after his rookie season.
cameron payne

(he probably meant niko but fred is an idiot if niko starts over lauri when he comes back now)
hahahahah fuck yeah he does
ding ding ding - unfortunately garpaxberg waaaaaay overvalues white players 
Knee jerk? Grant has been an outrageous, intolerable pile of fucking shit in every game so far. 
sorry, "still plays like ass"
The people on the team are not his fault thats true, but his preparedness, motivational technique, and control over the team are. He doesnt get too much shit, he deserves it as the WORST coach in the league.
Never to late for this gem ! 
i don't see why zel's floor can't at least be an elite spot up shooter off the bench who can play average defense
he's shooting almost 40% from 3 this year, all im saying is he could at least shoot that percentage off the bench
I think the team has a mandate to get Lauri at least 20 shots per game.



IVE WAITED ALL WEEK FOR THIS FUCKING GAME 
Let's hope Lauri plays a little inside game and can we see that fade away again please?
I think Dunn starts here on out....I mean they wanted him bad in the draft, freaked when they got him with the Buckets trade and he played well up until the dislocated finger. No brainer to me....But yet we are not Hoiberg...So Jerian it is!

You know we joking about it but he literally hits 0.2 for 3.2 threes per game! Statistically he needs to shot 16(!!!) threes to hit ONE! That is just soooo bad.
Can't upvote this enough....I mean it was mismatch after mismatch and nobody even noticed.
1 year mininum contract, why not? But you know GarPax would sign him to some stupid 2yr/20mil contract to help the tank.
Have a crack at Hezonja, can't be any worse than what we've got going on on the wings at the moment tbh.
Game recognize game
The worst franchise of the decade goes to...


I don't know how ruining a top talent career is beneficial for any of the parties involve.


I know nobody is giving up anything for Okafor. But him not in the rotation is fucking disgusting.


Jahlil for Niko would be lingering until the deadline...
I mean this “incompetent agent” got Noah paid. 
Jahlil sucks
No that’s just the Knicks being dumb 
Our players being bad doesn't make him any less bad though, that's not a great defense on his behalf. Getting another project just because we can is basically what we've been doing with our guard situation and it's clearly not a great strategy. 


He did that against bored teams with 30 point leads. Someone on that team had to get the numbers. It was him, Ish Smith, Noel and Covington out there. They won 10 games. He's got a post game that he needs more than half of the shot clock to set up, and we all see what a black hole he is on defense. No Sixers draft pick during the process has looked this bad
Not sure what the point of this post is. 
Because Morton Salt is a surprisingly tough negotiator 
Hope we never, but if we do I hope it at least matches something like the Lamborghini bull or something like that.

The Cavs and Celtics actually don't look too bad.

Again I'd always opt out for any advertising on Jerseys
That's a weird punchline
The Celtics look the worst of all.
I think the infor looks the worst tbh, seeing that it's just a block.
Thats how people from Finland look, Im pale af too...
Because they like punching people?

(Is 16 hours after a post too late to make a joke?)
So instead of one useless point guard we would have two of them on the court at the same time?

God I hope Dunn can be serviceable point guard...
Who the fuck is talking about the Bulls killing it in practice, though?
Ruthless
What is this obsession with Grant? He's been bad always outside of a couple random shooting games. He's the worst passer on our team.
Hope he loses his passport over there
How is that wrong?  He's leading the team in field goal attempts
Fuck you
it's wrong in the sense that Lauri should be the go-to on the perimeter
don't know how I got that wrong, some Mandela effect thing or something

You're just weary about him cause he's white and in your stupid mind white=not athletic. 
Go watch a Bucks game
if ayton could get it together and develop some bbiq then him and lauri at 4/5 would be crazy
Fred seemed actually mad lately. Maybe he'll start benching Holiday and Grant if they keep ballhogging.

Man ballhogging hasn't even been an NBA discussion in years. This is so silly.
Let him shoot threes, limit him to one pump fake per possession, teach him to pump fake and then cut to the basket or take one dribble and then pull up. Also if i remember correctly he was somewhat decent in the post in his rookie year so also maybe give him a couple touches in the post
it used to piss me off when mirotic has a clear lane to the rim from the corner three but decides to just pump fake twice and then just take a heavile contested three pointer like MAN plzzz :(((
He admitted that he was wrong
i never understood how people can be this hateful over sports. I dont care if he admitted he was wrong if I am lauri i wouldnt want this guy as a fan
Who the fuck 
Lauri must have fucked his bitch 
Even admitting he’s wrong, fuck that guy. 
Just some random dude from Twitter
Rightfully so. I still hate that this front office gets to fail with no accountability, but I will not stand on zero effort from the players.
Fred didn't have the balls to say stuff like this when we had vets like Jimmy and Wade on the team. Now that they're gone and he's got a bunch of scrubs on the team, he's talking all tough.
Then feed the boy ffs. Is there any reason he shouldn’t have 20 shots a game? This season doesn’t matter, just give him reps. 

Although I’m probably preaching to the choir here 
NBA  offices are not the smartest. IF a dude averages 15 PPG hes probably gonna get a job somewhere with decent pay even if he got to that number horribly
He is a turnover factory because he goes for the flashy play every possession. Excellent spot-up shooter. Awful defender but plays with effort.

He's basically a very poor man's CJ McCollum
Kristap. In 5 years hard to say.
That is kinda wrong to say since KP has not hit his peak yet.
You merely picked him up, I drafted him round 7/12!
How does OP's phone have that little charge at 8:48 am?!
I've yet to see Lauri hit one fadeaway in a dudes face. Dirk made a career out of that, that's who he should be basing his game off of.
They play in a difficult conference 
Bulls fighting with Sacramento, New York, and Phoenix to remain atop the race for worst front office in the NBA
"...has some trouble when he tries to take over games."
What do you mean with this?
That's what happens when you lean on a shitty pump fake as a crutch instead of actually improving your game.
The fuck is wrong with Markko
Oh Shit!
We ain’t talking about the game 
What a dumb pick this turned out to be, eh? /s
Did you hear about the co-RoTY?


We need a decent PG though.


All our PG are fucking morons.
Why not? They picked him at 7 when they could have taken other players. They've obviously made some awful personnel decisions but they should get credit where it's due.
My mistake. Sorry!
Did you mean fleece?
And playing with the worst guards you can ever find in the league.
Cmon now those guys are saying players names hundreds of times a game they can have mispronunciation here and there
Neil Funk was two years past retirement two years ago.
Can we just have Neil do only home games now it's getting bad hahah
He could easily average over twenty points if these trash guards only passed him the fucking ball
Sorry, already taken by Boban
Go annoy bucks or pacer fans instead if you hate the bulls so much.
But you’re voicing it now cuz of one bad game. 
at the very least Dunn hasn't showed me that he's a selfish mother fucker at times. totally could be wrong but never thought his flaws came from selfishness

i'm right there with you
So this is what it feels like when my wife says go slow and I start jackhammering.
Jerian Grant is fucking terrible, let Kris Dunn start. Lauri needs to get more shots and Holiday taking 15+ shots a game is a problem. 
Why did I agree to go to this game
Justin Holliday: you fucking suck, stop jacking up shots whenever you touch the ball. 
Denzel Valentine: stop moseying around and show a fucking sense of urgency for once. At this rate you'll be out of the NBA when your rookie deal expires.
Jerian Grant: stop forcing up shots when you're not open, you dotard.
Gonna be a long, dark, rebuild. :(
I hope the media fucking roast them after that. Absolutely no excuse for them not to give Lauri the ball more. Hoiberg needs to man the fuck up and tell Holiday, Grant and co to stop thinking they're fucking superstars and pass the ball. Fuck.
Embrace the tank!!! One step closer after that fuck up last game
I was busy watching Game 4 of the WS, but what the fuck happened here?
Don't say that. You'll get downvoted like I did for saying Grant is trash because he had a Snell-like game.
Grant is pure shit oh my god

All he knows how to do is jack up retarded 3s that we all know aren't going in 
Now that there is some open days before the next game I hope Hoiberg spends them by taking these two and training a shitton of pick plays. And I hope to god dunn understands that Lauri needs to get the ball. That's at least 4 assists a game for him if he does that.
Im all for a close game tank. At least stay in for 3 quarters. We were done after the 2nd.
He at least gets some assists and does PG things. I cringe every time he takes a three though
Valentine sucks. Realized it when he was getting shat on in the pre season by D leaguers. These 4 year college guys almost never amount to shit, wonder when dumbass GarPax are gonna realize that


He has no redeeming qualities. Unathletic as hell. He's either average or subpar at everything. He's literally just a selfish chucker like you said. 
This was a terrible matchup against us. Superstar point and two star wings. Outside of GSW this is the team we matchup the worst against. So I fully expected this to be an ugly game.

I've seen people complain about Valentine before, but he did have a fairly good one when he came off the bench and got to go against lesser players. Now he just plain sucked with his shot selections.
He *does* bring the ball up. Doesn't facilitate enough, and his decision making is awful.
😩 please do this in a game 
I like how you casually leave out the “off the glass” part of this 
Dis 7 ft Kyle Korver just did a off the glass through the legs dunk casually in his warmups. The ceiling is the roof for this kid
This half time show sucks as bad as our point guards.
I thought nothing could be worse than watching this bulls game then the halftime show came along.
I fucking hate Felicio lol he's just bad man.
Felicio is so disappointing this season
Markkanen shooting 75% from the field/three with his few attempts, while Holiday is up there building a house of bricks. Fuck.
Grant is probably the worst pg in the history of basketball
WTF. This is so cringe.
Holiday and Grant, listen up you dumb motherfuckers.  When Lauri has a 6'3'' guard on him give him the fucking ball you d-league hacks.
I feel like we're gonna spend all season yelling at the team to pass the fucking ball to lauri instead of holiday/grant contested bullshit
put lauri in im bored
Quincy "Stephen Curry" Pondexter from half court wtf
I hope the media fucking roast them after that. Absolutely no excuse for them not to give Lauri the ball more. Hoiberg needs to man the fuck up and tell Holiday, Grant and co to stop thinking they're fucking superstars and pass the ball. Fuck.
Rolo is so underrated it's criminal.
Getting Markkanen 3 point shots and/or post touches should be a priority considering how he has started the season. But chucking contested and/or bad 3's and Grant being useless seem to be the core offensive sets most of the time.


This is beyond ridiculous from Grant.
Takeaway from tonight's game: No one likes Lauri and do not want to pass to him even when he is wide open. Alternatively, they are all blind. Honorable blind person mentions: Denzel Valentine, Justin Holiday and Jerian Grant.
Justin Holiday is averaging 16 shots per game.  Making 5 of them.

Jerian Grant is averaging 10 shots per game.  Making 3.5 of them.

And both think they're the second coming of Steph Curry the way they shoot.
I fucking hate Jerian Grant.
Horrible... Horrible... Save us all from Grant
Rule: pass 20 times before you shoot.  Then jack up a horrible shot.
This is painful to watch... GO TANK, GO! GO, TANK, GO!
having a free flowing offense with terrible players is painful to my soul. i am missing Jimmy iso ball 
grant wearing his blinkers again. just pass that fucking ball.
We are bad.
that bench unit was brutal offensively
Can’t wait till zach comes back. This team is atrocious to watch.
Going to be a loooooong game....
Fuck grant.
At least the Bucket Boys are still 🔥🔥🔥
Grant and Holiday need to fuck off with these shots
Jesus christ give Lauri the fucking ball, this is ridiculous
Thunder treating this like the all-star game
This is gonna get ugly
ugly offense holy shit
Aside from Grant's mistakes and hesitation, this so far hasn't been too bad.
Seems like when Rolo gets the ball in a bad spot the team just runs away and leaves him on an island.
Trade the entire line-up aside from markkanen and rolo.


Fuck that!


Send these guys packing.

Like the 4th 3 to rim in and out tonight? Fucking kill me. Bad players and bad luck is not a good combo. 
These fucking guards man... it's so bad.
Man I feel bad for Robez...
OMG finish the layup Holiday. So fucking skinny and weak. 
Can someone punch Melo in the face for his stupid ass screams and jumps on open rebounds?
Ugh Zel. So damn slow and glued to the floor. He's done. Spot up shooter and that's it. 
Pass lauri the fucking ball, jesus
I don't know why but I hate Pondexter. 
Trade Holiday to some team with the balls to bench his dumb ass.
Cut Grant.
Hit Dunn with a tire iron every time he doesn't pass to Lauri 
I wonder how long its gonna take for this sub to realize Dunn is a terrible bust and stop being delusional about him
Dunn's ceiling is a worse version of Patrick Beverley. Boggles my mind how hard some of you kool aid drinkers on here are hyping him up.
basically all of them except Markannen and RoLo. Fucking hate this team
Hope so too. Just need him to not be a negative on offense. 
Talking shit too, melo just hates on newer or unkown players and thinks hes tough
Also how bad his shooting is. 
They're both useless. 
Compared to Grant and Holiday I'd watch Dunn all day. At least he is not wearing 2 eyepatches and shooting spasmic threes at every opportunity.
That's pathetic why would you give up on a sophomore so soon.
Not good. 1-5 FG.
He should get some some minutes especially with this atrocious point guard play
Of course, but when he's got the opposition's PG on him and the rest of the team can't score for shit they should at least try and toss him the ball down there.
Fucking Dunn now.
:( 
I mean he was never a good shooter, Hows his defense and playmaking?
Nah, he's just not a good basketball player anymore and he's hard to watch. Looks like someone's dad at the Y out there. Yuck. 
that was just bad timing
Please take him back :( 
Wall is one of the fastest players on league history. That’s his key trait. Dunn isn’t going to develop that. It’s a VERY lofty aspiration that he becomes an elite starting PG the way he looks now at his age. Wall never looked this bad. Bad comparison. Sorry. 
What does this even mean
I mean, I can scout Isaiah Thomas too.
jesus fucking christ the warriors are just insane
Game thread coming up soon?
This going to be an ugly game. GG
And guys are playing harder, last year it was really disappointing seing guys literally taking nights off (hum hum D Wade)
I guess that makes me Silly Boy
Fuck GarPax.
You mean like the 13 year olds YOU give advice to in the “relationships” thread?
You could make a post there as well:  

“Please help me, my team’s GM got in a scuffle 13 years ago and I am having trouble getting past it.  Every time anything happens the only thing I can do is say ‘fuck garpax’ instead of thinking about each situation objectively.  Why can’t I get over anything?  My therapist has been unable to help me.”
I was too. Then I caught a glimpse of Jimmy G doing Jimmy G things. Now im sad again:(
That would be so fucking sick. Any one of Doncic/Porter/Bagley would be crazy. I think we need someone athletic at the 3 so I think Porter would be the option for us.
He'll make us a worse defensive team... which helps the tank, so I'm in.
That's how bad I wanted Okafor.


But Philly is looking for pick. They were selling Okafor for a 1st rounder and nobody seems to bite. That is why I'm throwing Pels second rounder.
I'd give Payne and a 2nd rounder max for okafor but that's about it. People need to understand okafor is bad.
That is a horrible return for Bledsoe. I'd be pissed if I was a Suns fan. 
Ah, yeah sorry yes you did.

We should take a look at Okafor, but I don't think he is the type of player Hoiball works with.
this sub is two seconds away from talking about getting lenny cooke a camp invite, i fucking swear.
The Sixers can ask whatever they want, doesn't mean they are going to get it.
The chances were 0. The Bulls had a logjam at the PF position as you said and they were not even looking in Bell's direction. The Warriors were the ones that wanted Bell pretty badly
Is Festus Ezeli still in the league? What a terrible signing that was. 
so does them picking up the portis option mean they want to do away with nikola?
What a horrible trade this turned out to be. 
Fuck this shit
Fuck me
Fuck me 
Jackie Chan meme wtf!  
The crazy thing as that Lauri is 3 years younger than both of these guys when they were rookies
I hate this fan base 😂😂😂
Dude is allowed to attempt 7+ a game. He could shatter it.
If he doesn’t make at least 6 3s a game, i’ll be very disappointed.
50 attempts seriously??
That might have been a not so subtle attempt to exaggerate his line...
I've never seen someone be so wrong and then double and triple down on how wrong they are and continue to spew the same wrong shit that got them mocked in the first place.

Take your L. It's not going anywhere.


It’s crazy how much in denial you are about being so wrong about everything. 
The guy who has been wrong about everything has zero credibility. 
I’ve never seen someone in such shambles over being wrong about everything. You’re shook. 
You’re at peace with being wrong about literally everything?
When you said a bunch of dumb shit about Jimmy Butler and overrated the living shut out of him, you’ll be called out. You’re so defiant that you think you can just say dumb shot for months on end and then freak out when someone calls you out.

Every time you quote me, you just dig a deeper hole and it’s even more hysterical how shook you are about being called out for being wrong about everything. 

Take your L’s and move on. 
I quoted you one time and you lost your shit because you can’t accept being wrong. It’s hysterical and pathetic at the same time. 
Of course I’m going to mock you for being so wrong. 
You’re so desperate for material that you’re trying to twist the Butler comment into something else. Again, I was mocking a Jimmy Butler superstan. But you’re way too delusional and oblivious to understand that. 

I’m getting bored laughing at you, this is getting old. 


You said all kinds of dumb shit in that thread, but that’s what you do, you make blatantly terrible points and then cry when people laugh at you at a later point. 
You’re a complete psycho that had an all time meltdown after being mocked for being wrong about everything.

This is hysterical. 
And the meltdown just gets worse. 

I’ve never seen someone so broken. 
This article cracks me up.


He seriously trade Payne for Okafor.


OMG!


Send in Niko along with Cam, so I can finally get some sleep...
I feel like Bobby/Niko need to be on that list.  Also, the fact that he spelt Cameron as Camerona makes me feel he is not very good at his job.
Also, no way in hell are the sixers stupid enough to trade Jahlil for Cameron Payne.  I mean, Jahlil may not fit in the NBA, but at least he has some talent.  
That broken arm follow through! between him and Jo, woof.
> His shot was weird as fuck though

This.
Trade both. Seriously.
Facial fractures and concussion is also a career ending injury in hockey... Could be looking at 12-18months rehab if the concussion is bad.


2 bozos fight, Lauri gets to Start. 
Sometimes a bad thing might not be initially as perceived --tao te ching
To me this is not surprising, so is move to trade them both? 
niko is pathetic, he started the confrontation (not that i condone bobbys actions), he got what he was asking for. His coaches and teammates have been texting him, bobby texted him and apologized, and he ignored them all. then he comes in with this BS. niko i hate to break it to you, you are not lebron or kobe. nothing about the way you have played in your career has given you the right to make demands like this. TBH i think he is lucky to even be on a team. Send him packing, at least portis is a young player who could have some upside.
They are both trash, I mean let’s be real.   They are fighting over minutes on a terrible team.   Get the F*** outta here 
Goodbye Niko, you terrible defending 3 point chucken cry baby. Go back to europe and flop around. 
What do you do with Portis during the season? Just keep him inactive? Do you play him?

I agree wholeheartedly with moving forward with Lauri and cutting ties with both, just was curious what your opinion was on what to do with Bobby all year if you plan on declining him this off-season.
He. Got. His. Face. Broken. Whatever he did or said, Portis was acting like a caveman here, not Niko. If I were Niko, I wouldn't accept any other apology than face to face (no pun intended). Text message equals "I don't care enough, really". In the beginning I'd be so mad that I wouldn't want this clubber moron within a 10 mile radius of me.
I'd fucking die
Scuffles happen all the time. Regardless of who instigated it, putting a guy who you just spent quite a bit of money on in the hospital isn’t ok. That, to me, is a fireable offense. Sends a bad message to the team and makes the organization look bad. 
Niko instigated a fight, it’s not like he was shoving periodically over the course of practice. It was 3 shoves in a row daring him. Additionally Niko was only mad because Portis goes all out in practice and Niko is lackadaisical during practice. Also not a sucker punch when somebody is instigating the fight. Also if you haven’t noticed the locker room is behind Portis not Niko.
I agree, it's much, much worse to "charge at" a coworker than a random person on the street.
Because shoving in practice is normal. Putting another dude in the hospital isn’t. The fact I have to keep defending this makes me feel like I’m taking crazy pills
Where have you seen the locker room is behind Portis? I haven't read that anywhere 
See I agree with you that it’s no way to act in a workplace. But you have to remember athletes that make it the league have been babies their entire sports lives and aren’t expected to act as we are in the workplace. Also it’s unfortunate Portis broke Nikos face but that was an unfortunate outcome for one punch. 
ESPN 1000, Nick Friedell, if you listen to sports radio/podcasts they talk to the beat guys everyday. Tons of insight. The locker room didn’t like how Niko didn’t do shit all summer while Portis worked his ass off everyday. Also don’t like Nikos entitled attitude.
He shouldn’t start Lauri Legend should. But that’s why the locker room is behind him and not Niko.
Gonna be sad to see him go, if that time comes
I have this weird feeling that this kid is going to be our savior. A Dirk-esque player that becomes a silent leader for this team. I'm not really sure why I feel that way, but I have the highest hopes for this guy. Hopefully the F.O. doesn't ruin this.
We'd be cooking too much though, would affect the tank :(
Now im sad... miss you D
no doubt but his injury may slow him down . 
> Hardnosed guys like him are hard to come by.

**C A S H — C O N S I D E R A T I O N S**
Lauri's brother is a pro football player and by football I don't mean hand egg.
If he puts on some weight this year and next, dude is gonna be a fucking force.
Bobby and Niko out.  

Sometimes a bad thing might not be initially as perceived
--tao te ching 
##### Bull of the Game
PLAYER|MIN|FGM-A|3PM-A|FTM-A|REB|AST|STL|BLK|TO|+/-|PTS
:--|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
Robin Lopez|36|8-19|0-1|0-0|8|4|0|2|2|+12|16

##### Honor-a-Bull mentions
PLAYER|MIN|FGM-A|3PM-A|FTM-A|REB|AST|STL|BLK|TO|+/-|PTS
:--|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
Lauri Markkanen|30|5-13|2-8|2-3|13|1|0|1|2|+4|14
David Nwaba|23|5-8|1-1|4-5|11|1|0|1|0|-4|15
Morale of the story.

**GRANT PASS THE FUCKING BALL TO LAURI, YOU IDIOT. THANKS.**
At least our game threads are less toxic now
I know it's been said, but bigs that can shoot the three can be fucking lethal.
Since Dunn can't shoot hopefully he'll at least look for Lauri
> makes extremely poor decisions.

That three he air balled he chucked up at the end of the game was just stupid. Stacy even said on the broadcast 'No, no, no, no, no'
He is just not very good, I am still neutral on him, I dont hate him. 
You mean Stone Hands Chris?
It's fantasy, he lost a bet but doesn't have the balls to pay up, his old account is /u/brrnon. Pathetic af
> /u/brrnon

That's fucking whack. 
no way a bet is a bond of your word - contracts not enforceable by the state - to back out of one no matter how small is awful and shows you have no respect for yourself or others
(after the Denzel 3pt airball)

Stacey: 'No, no, no, absolutely not.'

lol
Wtf even is Denzel Valentine
Dude what the fuck, Grant and Holiday don't pass to Lauri 
"FUCK I TOLD YOU NOT TO PASS TO HIM" -Garpax
Markannen looks like Ivan Drago when he's angry
LETS fucking GO Lauri 
Grant never looks for Lauri wtf!!!
LAURI BIRD!!! Fuck the Haters!
game time
Not a great start for Lauri. Bad sequence getting blocked and making a lazy pass. 
We’re dying for a playmaker. Grant is useless he should be 3rd point guard.
Grant is playing​ HARD hero ball
Valentine is a moron
This just in, ESPN forgets that Chicago has a NBA team. Eat a dick ESPN! SEE RED! GO PALE HOSE! BEAR THE FUCK DOWN! AND GO HAWKZ!
Lauri's form is just so phenomenal it's insane
Both teams trying hard to look like they're trying without scoring. 
We suck. Holy Shit!
Dang Lauri's cold tonight
LESS GOOO!! Fuck the haters!
Fuck I can't stand Grant.
both of these teams are so sad
That was filthy
Get that shit outta here!
The ref #77 is one of the worst refs in the league. Dude sucks.
FUCK WE WON. 
Grant is horrible! 
I think he shouldn’t be given minutes even in this roster.  He’s that bad. 
GarPax about to trade Grant after the game is over.
Wtf this is weird
seriously, it seems like his team mates are avoiding him.
He's just not good, he doesn't have a jumper, hes slow as fuck and he cant pass. He's just a big body that can bring down boards and finish at the rim sometimes, he's literally replacement-level.
Bad game for a rookie and is a double-double? I'll take it. 
I hope you realize Dunn is just as bad
Yes. >:[ Go through the painstaking game with us </3
I was just noticing that! What the fuck. 
Seriously, I just flaked on my friend for this too. I have poor judgement.
A little over an hour usually. 
GarPax: "Fred, bring out the secret weapon"


*Cameron Payne rolls in on his scooter*
Do not speak ill of the King of the North
I like his game. Also if you squint your eyes he sort of resembles 1998 MJ
I don't mean to imply he has none. Nate was on another level tho
My friends and I refer to him as “thick MJ.” 
I've been a Niko hater since after his rookie season, but this just makes me sad. Dude literally got punched out of the franchise, that has to be demoralizing.
This sucks.. we'll get pennies on the dollar for him. 
So does that mean that Mirotic would accept a trade for himself? If so, move him, keep Portis & start Markkanen.
The fact that we have Niko a no trade clause is fucking sad.
It's tough man, I've been on MyGM mode on 2K and can't get shit for em
He doesn't play horrible D. WTF are you watching when the games are on? 
Fucking yikes 
Which team we like the least?
Yeah nah. I've got no time for tough guy bs. What Niko did was wrong but punching someone in the face isn't "defending himself", it's assault.
I’m blame front office for drafting him and hiring the wrong guys to develop him. Bulls are a shit show and they devalue everything they touch.
There is no distinction. You are still wrong.
you're wrong dude. if you are gonna blame anyone blame teammates and coaches who didn't step in and do something. 
It is a violent act I agree, and violence begets violence. We also don't know if he didn't try those other options. 
If this was basketball, of course.

It's a country music video. Seriously, mods, what the fuck?
You think I actually clicked to read the link?  Its fucking Reddit bro.
I don't have any ill will towards them but they are not on the Bulls anymore, so it's time to let it go
Time to let them go. They aren't an ex. He has been gone for only a couple of months and these posts don't harm anyone. If you don't want to read them skip past them. 

I'd rather have these posts that the Ines of Jordan Bell for each single fucking play he makes in a blowout game against third string players. He never was a Bull even if the pick wasn't sold we may not have even picked him up. It's ridiculous.
Anyone else hoping Lauri posts a 20 point 10 rebound game, but we still lose?
Tonight's game: https://i.ytimg.com/vi/KkEDHWEkEEk/hqdefault.jpg
You mean a 30 point 15 rebound game?
Also, he has one pass from last game. Stat guys just failed in their job.
I really wonder who is the worst team us or the Knicks.
When Zach and Kris come back, it's gonna be hard to be worse than the Knicks and ATL,
Don't remind me :(
With no flair I can't tell if you're a knicks fan or a bulls fan. Also, no offense in the sense of you mean no harm or no good offensive producers? Horrible comment, 10 brain aneurysms/10
Figures that the Bulls would tank on a down year in the draft. At least they cant get Lonzo.
Porzingis is a monster though.  He should help them them get past the sub 0.500 teams.
Bad PG play is the foundation to a tanking team. 
Nerlens, Jabari or Gordon. Unrealistic but we can try throw money at them.
Don't think they can, didn't he take the qualifying offer? He'll be unrestricted and probably annoyed with Mavs for not paying him what he thought he was worth.

And Lauri/Noel would be filthy
Holy shit!
I hate poorly groomed ears
I mean who doesnt?
Tbf, lonzo plays 40 minutes a game and he doesn't guard anybody well, so he has chances to get rebounds by just letting guys get shots off
Wrong subreddit bitch! This is King Markannens Palace!
Olin Kreutz punch someone in the face so hard their jaw had to be wired shut
T-Wolves
D-Rose
Giannis
And, weirdly, the Nets
Just the Bulls.... :(
The weather hasn't been super terrible either tbh.
10 passes in the 10 possessions in the video.

You'll be downvoted for being wrong, not because people disagree with you.
Strikes me as a ball hog.  Hate playing with those guys.
Wait, why does Niko have a fucking no trade clause?
It is definitely a shitty situation.  I feel like both of them were on some bullshit and got the worst if it.
Bobby and its not even close.  The fact that he gets to come back while Niko is recovering is patently outrageous.  
If Niko doesn't return, what does that mean for his cap situation?
Lauri Markkannen of the failing Chicago Bulls... SAD!
Hasn't Lebron been awfully dick sucky of himself these past few interviews? The one where he talks about himself playing every position while staring at the sky made me think he was in his own fantasy world or some shit. Kyrie rubbed some crazy on him as a goodbye present!
He shouldn't have gotten his face broken.
Never underestimate Hoiberg's ability to make a terrible coaching choice.
It’s incredibly naive to automatically assume Butler wouldn’t hold us hostage in a year. 


Call me crazy, but this trash ass team is growing on me.



.... but it’s mainly Markkanen 
If Markannen keeps playing like this i dont give a fuck if we go 0-82.
Lack of experience in the fourth but the team doesn't look bad
Idc if we are tanking. Losing to Lebron sucks every time.
They didn't look for him after he checked back in but the worst thing was keeping him on the bench that long, that was terrible coaching by Fred. I know we're supposed to lose but damn, let the kid play. You can pull him out if he plays too good, I guess but yeah he lost all the rhythm he had going for him.
I am not able to find the highlights :(
Oh and that push off on Zipser and they act like, "This is grown man ball" like that shit isn't illegal. Should've been a foul all fucking day.
Two things. 

1. It’s only 3 games into the season.


2. He’s not our starter in the future. He’s not going to be too bad into the future (also if he does turn out to be bad who cares? We are tanking),and will learn fred’s system as we go along. 
Don't mean a thing without the ring. 
What the fuck are you talking about lmfao
zach lavine is the poor man's steph curry, and Bell is the poor man's Draymond  Gre....oh wait, nvm, he's not on the Bulls.  
I can't wait to see him develop his game in and around the paint be it a roll to the rim or putting the ball on the floor and driving with strength. He will be so dangerous on the offensive side of the ball when the three isn't his only weapon.
A 6'7" Klay is already scary enough. Now you adding half a foot to that?
That's a crazy ridiculous stretch right there. Valentine is nothing like Draymond. Not even close.

Everything else you mentioned... I just don't know what to say...
He never will sadly. 
we got him for Butler. Doesn't look like such a bad trade anymore

Why is it dumb?
> Jimmy Show

That 15 sec one legged that always resulted to a pass(and it's always grant that gets it out of all people...  Worst sequence of th e play) and bad shot?
But Dunn sucks.
Should be this week sometime. Maybe this weekend. It was just a dislocated finger. Freakin OBJ had his finger broken in half and still played. I don't see how a dislocated finger is preventing Dunn from playing unless there were torn ligaments.
fuk wrong with him?  
Look at any video he has done on IG lately and that would show that he was a bit off 
It’s sounds like the lady and he knew each other. I wonder if something went wrong between them and Gordon freaked out, meaning not overarching mental issues, but instead he just snapped.
I'm down to see Lauri and Zach launch 8 threes a game
Lauri is a lights out shooter. If he gets that post game going, it's over.
GET LAURI THE FUCKING BALL
Fuck it just shoot 3's the whole game
WTF LAURI

teach Korver
I'm so sick of LeBron and his push-off drives. I wish the Finals were right now so I could watch him hold another L and cry. 
So sick of these fucking cavalier commentators.
Lauri has 11 points. ESPN has him credited with 8 because they gave his first three to Grant. 

How do we dispute this? Bad stat keeping
Lauri keeps getting the mismatch in the paint but we ain't feeding him, so frustrating
How in the fuck is lebrons run and slam move allowed its baffling
Hoiball just put up almost 70 pts on the Cavs in 24 min. Fuck the tank.
Is it just me being traditional but does anyone else hate the trend of the home teams wearing their "road" jerseys? 
my god.  Im connected to a Cavs feed and their announcers are so fuckin annoying
LeBron reading the Bulls' defense like the fucking Chicago Tribune
Fuck em up Kay!
Lauri Should be taking at least 15 shots a game
They fouling Lauri, bro. wtf
Fucking hell, we lost this game when HOIBERG sat Lauri for 10 straight minutes while the Cavs went on a run.
Lauri could be heard telling Holiday to "Get that weak shit outta here" on the rebound
8 points 4 rebounds in the first? DAMN LAURI CHILL

EDIT: HOLY FUCK, 11 POINTS!!!
sorry to see felicio becoming a bit of a weak link lately :(
the one call we get wipes out a lauri basket wtf
LAURI MARKKANEN IS A FUCKING MONSTER
Oh my god Lauri can fucking shoot.
That Bron 3 is just dumb, u KNOW he is going for that
EDIT: Internet is out sorry guys.

LAURI YOU FUCKING ANIMAL
Holiday's shot selection is... frustrating. 
Kay Felder revenge game
Our Bench always gets blown the fuck out. That's why he will lose a lot of games. 
Cleve commentator is making me want to pull my fucking hair out
Is this Hoiball? Haven't seen the bulls the past games. How are they playing?
A Felder/Valentine backcourt is tough to weather defensively. 
Zipgod always shows some sick moves
Jeez their D is bad
Grant wtf was that pass?
Felder is like "FUCK U JAMES!"
i would say fuck Dwyane Wade but hes helping lead the bulls comeback
Ugh, fuck LeBron. 
Fucking refs
I'm sad that DRose is out :( I'm sure a lot of other Bulls fans feel that way too
FUCK U Lebron. 
Fuck LeBron. Frontrunner mofo
Tip off says 4:00pm Pacific but it's 4:08. Why the fuck has the game not started yet.
what the fuck is going on

wtf lets fucking go team
Wtf I don’t know how to react here, guys... 
Fuck the tank, let's fuck up the cavs
Holy fuck. he's Wilt
Wtf just happened, I looked at the score it was at 12, two seconds later were at 22
Difference has been the energy, Cavs were a bit overwhelmed by that. Will be tough to keep them like that but I am hopeful.
Damn that put put after the whistle by Lauri was slick
Fuck Lauri muscle up some!
Ey' these cav cheerleaders ain't so bad...
HOLY FUCK
Fuck the Cavs 
Man this NBA tv broadcast is annoying as hell, talking about everything but the damn game 
These guys got weak muscle game. Where is Big Poppa Pump when you need him?
Lebron gets away with fucking murder.
Hate how LeBron just shoves opponents out of the way
PUT LAURI IN WTF!!!?
Damn, i can't wait the day Lauri gets his post game together. nothing can stop him then offensive way.
Green has shot 8 fucking FTA!!! WTF!!
He made a terrible gamble on Wade in the post and gave him a free layup.
Bruh. Neil and Stacy are calling the game on CSN.  
cause refs know he creams them after the game as a reward
Fuck those guys! We got a stud baby!
They've got it wrong, assuming it'll be corrected.
I hate it. I didn't like it when they did it for hockey either.
I mean we havent won a game yet? haha Hoiball is still questionable in my eyes
I mean he has taken multiple dumb half contested transition threes with no one rebounding...
god that was weak
Who cares if we lose.  Lauri doesnt need to play 40 minutes in his 4th game.
I swear, 60% of the time it feels like I see him looking around with a “wtf?!” expression after a foul is called.
Agreed. Won't stop a handful of posters here to continue shitting on him though :-/
Seriously I was so entertained with Felder out on the floor and it just vanished when grant returned.
Stickity :'(
Always 10 minutes late at least
3s in a game
I understand that but people were mad that he didn't start the 4th quarter.
he is quite possibly the worst defensive player in the nba
My stream only has home commentators sadly
Nah, this ain't college. I want my rivals to go down. Fuck LeBron. 
bootleg IT
The Butler trade will always be an awful deal but that shouldn't affect Lauri and how we see him. And no one will care about how awful it was if we draft a superstar in the next 3 years. But no Wolves fan is crying about it 
This is one game. You fail to take into account all the other games where he takes too much initiative and holds the ball for 15 seconds.
Felder has had 16 shots in 30 min coming into today's game. Grant 23 in 60.
Felder sucks bro let it go. 
MY MAN be wary though i think stream links may be banned on here not sure
Ahh yes, I'm bad at Finn
I'm talking about coming into today's game.
my bad. 
DON'T ANSWER QUESTIONS. But seriously fuck the circlejerk. He needs work on his defense. 
You mean the management that brought in Lauri when everyone on this sub was saying he was trash before he even played a game? Give credit where credit is due.
I mean, 17/11/7 ain't shabby for a rook
You can say that but a lot of people drank the kool aid and thought he'd be an all star.  I just think we should slow down 
It’s been 3 games let’s slow down 
Hahahahahaha and this is where you ran out of a rebuttal because you don't have one, so you resort to just saying a team sucks. 
there's nothing to rebuttal. you made an excuse for why they started 0-3 and I said it's irrelevant. They suck.

"Hahahahahaha"

efin queef
>It shouldn't be hard to outplay Jerian Grant

every other pg the bulls have signed are posting on /r/holdmybeer 
Hey at least we are no longer the worst franchise
> Teams would call us all the time and probe about Jimmy... when they would make an offer, it was somewhat insulting

S/o to Danny Ainge 
Dude this is ridiculous.  Come on with that shit.
God I wanted Rudy Gobert so badly that draft. 
Jimmy sucks, and he's old. I'd rather have Wiggins.

He can also get to the line in the 2017-2018 season, since what Butler did in the past is immaterial.

FUCK OUTTA HERE
You really want to smell Jimmy's drawers that bad, huh?


cavs lost to fucking Orlando. in a blowout. we probably have a shot
it'll either be against the cavs or the warriors. Thats just how bulls basketball goes, then lose by 50 to whatever the other worst team in the nba is haha.
Make it at least  four: Doncic (1st pick by Bulls, lose for Luka!), Bagley, Ayton, Porter
I think it may be sarcasm. GarPax fucked up. Why did we even trade a pick for cash? We're rebuilding we need all the picks we can get.
He's a defensive specialist you dumb cunt
That would have been a heck of a draft, and there's absolutely no way they had to include the 16 pick in the Minny trade, not with how badly Thibs wanted Jimmy. 

Feels bad man. 
Hope we don’t rush him but I’d like to see him back this year if not January. Him and Lauri are the only guys keeping me from going insane. 
Stop teasing me Fred. We need a point and really.. it can't be worse than this, can it?
You know who else came into the league at 22 years old and had a terrible rookie season? Jimmy fucking Butler. 

Give the kid 2-3 years to see if he can develop. He has all the tools, he's a hard worker.

Not 2-3 fucking preseason games. Jesus.
Obviously BS. That's an absurd amount of loyalty to a team he's never played for and wasn't on six months ago.
At least we'll get the GOAT Cash Considerations
I'd be so fucking pissed. That would be the final straw as a bulls fan. Shit, management has been testing the meaning of "die-hard fan".
He ran himself into the ground man, had nothing to do with Thibs. Was a ticking time bomb unfortunately. And it's not like Hoiberg is some sort of Pop like genius at giving out playing time
I fucking hate when my cat walks on the keyboard. 
Why?  Our bench is terrible. Grant can come off the bench
He shouldn't. He's bad blood for the team. We don't need blind and selfish, bad excuses for players. he just trying to boost his stats to get any kind of contract in the future. Hoiberg must react to this and take him at least off the starting five
Lauri should be shooting ten 3’s a game. Our guards couldn’t assist an elderly woman across a street let alone find Lauri for an open jumper. Fucking malcontents 
fuck, this is like the south park episode where none of the teams want to play baseball in the summer
Suns defense is just atrocious. That's their biggest problem. We're a bad defensive team and they make us look like Utah. 
The Bulls have at least played hard. The Suns just look pathetic. I think once Bledsoe is traded though, they'll have better chemistry.
I figure the Mavs aren’t a team to worry about being awful. Bad, yes, but not as bad as the Suns or Hawks.
not to the level that Devin Booker is, tf is wrong with this sub 
I ain’t even mad. Lauri showing strides in his first two games. I heard people calling him a bad rebounder he’s been alright on the boards so far. Grant, Lopez and Holiday contributing too. Wouldn’t even be mad if we lose all 82.
Someone get a gif of Lauri dancing around Pau for a bucket and post it on r/NBA. I’m sick of 90 posts about Fultz not being able to shoot for shit or Curry throwing his mouth guard. I’m tired of our boy getting disrespected
He took 14 shots to get 13 points^in^37^minutes If your FGA > Points scored then that's not a good game.
Because we have bad players and your teams defense is not something they could handle (clearly). So bad players playing a good defense leads to bad shots.
Late 1st probably. Knowing Garpax well give up a 1st and get a bag of chips in return. 
If Portis, Mirotic, and Pondexter is our saving grace, we're going to have a bad day.
Are you stupid?
This. Our guards, besides Zel, are basically terrible at passing into the post but Lauri is equally terrible at establishing any position. 
No he's not, because then our core are all minus defenders. I mean obv Lauri and Lavine can develop but right now they're bad defenders and so is Doncic.
How is he in any way racist for pointing out societal iniquities? That is the opposite of racist you moron.  
I like Noel a lot. The Mavs are fucking him so hard. Feel bad for the kid. He'll be eager to walk and we got the cash. 
He's not Superman. He can't anticipate a punch and run faster than a speeding bullet to intercept the punch and save the fucking day. Get a clue.
Yeah Lauri with a casual 578 pt game.
He knows he fucked up. 
I hope he can bounce back from this. 
[He did, by text](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBSczAnEk4s&t=54). I probably wouldn't respond either if I was home with a fucked up jaw and a set of concussion symptoms.
Jesus, that makes Portis look even worse.
Video linked by /u/das_baba:

Title|Channel|Published|Duration|Likes|Total Views
:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:|:----------:
["I Texted Him & He Didn't Respond" - Bobby Portis Apologizes To Nikola Mirotic &#124; 10/21/2017 ✔](https://youtube.com/watch?v=wBSczAnEk4s&t=54)|Ball Don't Lie|2017-10-22|0:02:21|51+ (92%)|5,074

---

[^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/youtubot/wiki/index) ^| [^/u/das_baba ^can ^delete](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=_youtubot_&subject=delete\%20comment&message=doprqxt\%0A\%0AReason\%3A\%20\%2A\%2Aplease+help+us+improve\%2A\%2A) ^| ^v2.0.0
> if I was home with a fucked up jaw and a set of concussion symptoms.

I'm guessing Niko regrets rushing Portis multiple times like that.
I hate how the shoulder stripes don't go all the way around on these new Nike jerseys 
Sick of Grant's shit. You ain't Westbrook 
Checking in! Our starters arent terrible but the bench is cringe worthy.
That half wasn't awful.
Theres bad, and then theres the 17-18 chicago bulls 
I have an illogical obsession with under-sized guards. I can't get mad at Felder doesn't matter what he does wrong I'll always root for the little guys
Let me get a fucking foul?
Well this game is a shit show. Time to go watch the hawks!
Grant, set something the fuck up dude. Learn how to feed the post please. 
Hopefully that means Lauri will start the second with the bench unit. It was fucking awful on Thursday with bench only on the floor. 
This rebounding is horrible.
"Lauri is a horrible defender"
terrible over the back call on lauri
wtf that picture
Valentine can't really playmake at all. Very disappointing
Lauri's shot form makes me hard
Markkanen failed to stay in front of Pau.


He needs to check this silly mistakes.
Cmon holiday throwing the ball in the direction of the rim is not a good shot
55 points at the 9 minute mark in the 4th is painful to watch
Here's to a close game everyone
Is the audio behind for anyone else?
who is Henry? like is he just some random fan or someone's kid in the org?
Whoever this bad is, they're really poor substitutes for Bruno Mars haha.
"Didn't touch the rim" is a way to tell that that was the worst shot I've seen in my life
That's a fucking bullshit foul. 
Valentine's last two minutes were ugly to watch in terms of BBIQ
Grant you've got Lauri with fucking Murray on him and you throw the ball off the backboard?
Grant shouldn't be playing the point IMO. Hopefully Dun can change some things. Ryan passes the ball at least 
Stacey is drunk
Is it gone permanently? That would be a terrible move
If the players like it, I like it. Not as bad as the sleeved jerseys. I want to turn off the game those are so ugly.
Scary thought
Wait how'd you get tickets to the game?!
He wasn’t as bad as you’d think. Got posted up and bodied a couple times by Pau and Aldridge but he grabbed 11 boards and played his role. 
About like Lauri did that one play. At least they didn't call either. 
Yeah, I like him a lot too. I was kinda shocked when they waived him. He's really young and he just needs time to develop. 
Yea thats what im talking about, its like they stitched together 2 jerseys to make one, just weird looking
I think we're the worst team in the league and probably by a margin. Although JLin injury puts the Nets in our tier with the Hawks and Suns close.
Didn't know about the knee, my bad!
Idiot shit talker. Bye. 
"might go"? Where the hell you been? Funk has been senile and going blind for at least a season and a half already.
Wtf
Just a common name???
I mean, it is *one* way to do it.  Bobby *is* getting those minutes now.
That's really not on pau. If he gets asked stupid questions, hell give stupid answers.
See y'all at the game! 
Fuck me up 
Well this one definitely won't be painful
Bad perimeter D puts lots of pressure on the C
The Anderson's are going to the game?!
I remember him. He was a skinny center so I thought he might be athletic, but he was slow as shit.
anger
protest flair -  i will take pleasure in the twolves semirelevence over the hoiballhuggery going on here. and dont pretend gartard didnt wait waaaaay too long to pull the trigger on the rebuild and got fleeced multiple times. you guys are pathetic.
Sorry guys it's poorly spaced. 
Not picking Dennis Smith Jr. is gonna haunt us for a long time. He was electrifying in that game.
Frank tilikina looking terrible 
Sorry man hahahaaha 
The League is fucked, bro.
His stats are going to be padded as fuck because of all these injuries, so he could be.
They called a ton of them during the Celtics/76ers game
I was going to ask people what they thought of him. I didn't watch the game, just the highlights and it looks like he has some skill. Although he will need to bulk up and improve on defense. 
Besides his playmaking which is alright every other aspect of his game is not nba level
It's text on a picture. How could it be false?
Fuck off mate this post is 100% factual
Olen pahoillani :(
Dude's slick. Half the time i don't even notice him passing the ball until it's in the hands of a teammate.
Never forget how much shit /r/NBA was talking when we drafted him

Lauri is about to shake shit the fuck up
I agree man, Luka, Lauri, Lavine would be so fucking dope. Cash considerations along with it and we're on a jumpstart to a solid rebuild! 
It's weird watching the bulls wear white uniforms on the road.
This is going to be a painful year...
Call me delusional, but I feel like this team won't be so terrible when Lavine comes back
>We're so ass, my goodness.

This isn't the end of it nor is it the worst. I feel like we have another level of shitty playing.
It's so sad. I just set the DVR so I can watch the misery at 2x speeds.

How did we get from a unit that had almost all the pieces to this shit show? 

And even if we get the next Superstar, at what cost? It just fucking vindicates the GarPax shit show. Which means in 5 years, after another coaching change or three, we get to do it all again.
I was getting real annoyed when Grant missed about 3 open lane passes to the wing. 
At least the starters aren't a trainwreck to watch I guess
START THE TANK MOTHER FUCKERS ITS GAME DAY
I hope you fans realize that we're not actually actively trying to lose. We're just a very very bad team.
So what do we think about White jerseys on the road? Looks a bit weird to me still. 
This is the result of a severely corrupt front office
I will say this about RoLo his accuracy is lethal. If he could work on a 3pt game he would be unreal. 
I wanna switch to watch another game, but /u/amanforthepeople plays the smoothest jams
The only injury I'll ever root for is to Reinsdorf's wallet. I hope that soulless sack of shit goes broke and has to sell or chokes on his fucking pain pills trying to numb the pain of watching his franchise bottom out. 
I'm sorry but I can't stand watching Denzel play... 
This awful display of basketball is still better than the Cubs game. 
101 pts, not that bad
That was a dumb ass tech on JV
Boy, can't wait Zach getting on the court. He's athleticism will open up our game a bit. Now it's just like a midget holding his finger sticked out jamming with it a bunch of people now, that desperate it looks for our offense.
lane violation what the fuck
The Suns lost by 50 so this ain't half bad.
The next game is going to be vs. Spurs. I bet that's going to be ugly
this game is trash.  Im switching to OKC game. 
Both teams look horribly sloppy, but hey we're sticking with them.
well crap
I'm not sure if we're ever going to score another point.
Feel bad for the Toronto fans, don't think you can measure your team against our tank commander and his chucking squad of G-league goons
If we lose by 30pts, every game this season, does our lottery pick chances automatically go up to 75%?
Just turned on the game. Is Lopez shooting 3s going to be a thing now? Please tell me it's not a thing. 
FUCK YEA MARKKANEN!!! 
Yikes horrible last possession
so boys how bad we losing tonight? I say we go out by at least 20
Intro was so long. :( Let's go Bulls!
grant wtf
Lowry once again FUCKING flop on the screen .. he always gets those
well this sucks
Not sure what Rolo was trying there
i thought Garbage time came too early, my bad
Grant remove your Fucking blinkers.  
i mean, the amount of fouls the raptors are getting man
just joined the game, how are we doing?
Some of these calls are awful
this is going exactly how I thought it would and yet I'm still fucking mad we suck this much. Fuck GarPax and fuck Jerry 
Lauri d out here lookin worse than Dougie's
Man the defense is so amateur

why do I feel like there is gonna be another serious injury today.... 
at 3 fucking a.m.
Was shy.
I hate it, I want him inside the paint, but grant sucks so he's forced to help. 
because why not try something crazy
Refs were feeling sorry for us
umm are you even watching the game? Valentine is 4-7 from 3 pt. Check your eyes. 
I appreciate your positivity but man I'm tired of comments like this. 
Totally agreed.  In the Premier League, they kickoff when they say they're fucking kicking off.
They been toxic the past few years dawg
Indeed. Everyone looked like they were too scared to shoot, ending up with Rolo having to shoot from 3pt range in the worst case.
Didn't think so. He's been average and Bulls been horrible, but we do know NBA level means lots of criticism, even for the hardened veterans comes criticism
bothering me all preseason watching all the teams. it's likely for performance reasons, but just looks bad.
Probably be the four seed behind Cleveland, Washington, Boston and Milwaukee
Bench is, starters aren't shabby

No but the bench is like extra bad holy jesus
Terrible bot
Ahh must have missed him I was switching between this and the OKC game
Way easier to watch a game you know you're gonna lose than to choke like dogs when you have elite talent and are at home. 
It'll be a while. The Cubs game hurts. Had to turn it off. 
Umm have you watched him let people drive past him, travel when wide open, have turnovers and just overall have a bad game against Toronto's second unit. 
Bench won't be as bad when Niko and Bobby are back. That's two key rotation players. Plus no Dunn or LaVine. so we're playing guys that are Windy City material. 
Their all trying to force the play. Never thought I'd be begging for Justin Holiday to come back in the game. Tank season to the max! 
Is he doing it on purpose as a bad joke or is it Funk being Funk?
oh boy....

flailing your arms around and running around is not good d
True, I don't trust that cheapskate idiot whatsoever to turn this shit show around 
Yeah, just hate watching Grant, Valentine, and Holiday chucking
/u/nebulizor is terrible human
>I have inside info you don't

LOOOOOL, YOU CRAZY FOR THIS ONE JAY
none, Im cutting down my NBA watching to only a few games here and there, Ill catch a few bulls games, some knicks games to watch Joakim...I cant even watch Derrick because hes on the fucking cavs
Dude small ball. Duh.

/s
I fucking hate jerry and GarPax. As long as these 3 retards are in control the bulls will never be good 
I am angry
We sold them a draft pick. If they hadn't coming bidding would we have selected Jordan Bell ourselves?  Doubtfully.
This team has had a bad wrap for nearly 20 years. Well before Paxson or Gar... definitely not saying it's not their fault, but the issues run deeper than just two idiots making the moves in 2017.
Thank you, sir. I’m afraid we might need some shitposts everyone once in a while to maintain morale.
hope this guy kills it. praying for no injuries all around. please fucking please
fuck tanking let's get a W like we always do against the North 
I just got a Roku and it's got some NBA app on it. Can I watch this game on there or do I gotta get leauge pass for that shit to work?
Im having massive erection, the game hasn't even started! Down boy!
Game 1 of my 8 game stream of Lauri on my Fantasy team.  Let's gooooo!

^^#nojinx
Bulls down 45 with :17 seconds left. 

BAH GAWD THAT’S PORTIS’S MUSIC

Portis lays out Rolo and Dunn. Toronto scores 10 points on an unlikely, Reggie Miller-esque performance from DeRozan. Bulls lose by 55. 

President Portis takes his place as Tank Commander in Chief. 
Gonna be hard to outtank that, gotta have ambition tho.
fuck defense. hoist them 3s
The Taj trade was objectively terrible. I would have rather let Taj walk away than give away Mcdermott + a 2nd rounder for Cam fucking payne lmao
Ibaka in your face? Fuck him, shoot it anyway.
If we didn't sign wade for 24 mil and had to buy him out in the end, ownership may not have forced the front office to sell this pick for cash. It all links together 
Fuck Bell and their fanboys. 
Wait, WHAT? You mean to tell me the Bulls have no leadership and a coach who had his balls cut by the front office? No way.
Wow.  This seriously sucks. They say Niko accepts responsibility then Niko says he got caught off guard w 2 punches.  Wtf are they doing?  Right, causing more rift.  Seriously I need a new team to follow.  This is utterly pathetic.  

The players are to blame too tho.  Young players think Niko is entitled bc he focused on weight lifting and was rfa waiting for a deal so they didnt practice much in the summer bc he wasnt even a Bull?  Bobbys actions dont need an apology!?  Holy fuck this is messed up beyond belief.  This is a flaming trash heap of a team, worst in the nba bar none.  I seriously thought I was beyond anger at this pt.
This will end with Doug walking into Gar's office, with Bobby behind him wearing a black suit and sunglasses.

"Get the FUCK out of my office"
That's Chicago sports in a nutshell, man. Look at all the talent we've run out of town because our talk radio is a fucking cancer. RIP in peace, Thibs.
If by woke you mean not mentally handicapped then yeah. Any braindead moron can see the problems here. 
The FO being shit and Cowley being shit who stirs up shit are not mutually exclusive ideas. 
It’s one game man. How did this even get upvoted after literally one game?
i fell asleep and missed the entire game :(
That game was jimmys for the taking. I am mad as fuck. 
Really odd to have Crawford in over him for all the 4th. Teague was playing well through the game too.
The coaching is not why they lost the game 
I'm shocked that ISIS still hasn't claimed responsibility
Niko with the pump fake
Why make him tell reporters he’s sorry? He didn’t punch them, plus 8 games been taken away from him as punishment. 
Give it a month or two of terrible basketball and the prices will be rock bottom 
>Hoosiers — boring as shit.

trash list confirmed
I want that shirt, it’s so weird 
Crazy how our #48 pick from last year's draft is the face of the franchise 👹
Don't be disappointed if Santa happens to be revealed as a lie.
Biyombo has an ugly contract
..... This isn’t a serious post is it
FUCK. YES. WOO. HOO. ALL ABOARD THE FUCKIN LAURI TRAIN
It's going to be terrible regardless, and I don't like what it could do to Zipser's development. He has the potential to be a decent rotation small forward, but throwing him to the wolves at PF could really mess up his game. I'd try to seeing a low-end trade for another PF, even a bad one, just to get another rotation body in the mix

https://chicago.suntimes.com/sports/bulls-suspend-bobby-portis-for-eight-games-after-fight-with-mirotic/

Yeah yeah its cowley but this is what we've become, a fucking reality show
Lemme guess.


Niko would miss 8 games too because of a broken face.
Told y’all he’s not off the team and got downvoted :(
The sucker punch story was a BS narrative that should have never been spun. An 8 game suspension is a "we have to do something"type of suspension. 
Allow him to practice is so stupid. Basically this is "hey I don't think you're wrong but the team has to do something" style of punishment. One couldn't manage an organization like that.
To me it sounds like they were both acting like aggressive idiots, it escalated, and Mirotic got dropped while charging at Bobby. They’re both at fault, and they’re both being punished. 
It's... not even that strange wtf?
the fuck...
dA BlacKS aRe VIoLent 
Fuck Lebron. I wonder if my name could be James and maybe my birthday is on the 19th.  Who knows 
A broken face and the humiliation that he got kod with one hit?
that's exactly my point. he would have been punished if he had instigated it the way posters on this board are claiming. then you get a bunch of idiots saying "well a broken face is his punishment" as if that were a league-sanctioned disciplinary action.
Chicago fans: spoiled brats who are unhappy unless their team is a literal dynasty. 
Role player on a bad team.
Are you being serious or trying to make a joke. It's hard to tell. If you talk this way about athletes I can't imagine how you treat the people in your life 
the fuck does that even mean. half your posts are like garbled a.i. chat.
Grrr, angry kid is on the warpath!!
Why would the way he talks about athletes be any indicator on how he treats people in his life?

And it appears as though your implying that he would treat the people in his life worse than he would treat athletes.  Why would you think that? 
Can we get a mod to do something about this guy? This is insane.
Punishment at this pt would really be insult to injury.  Lets just say they saw Niko's involvement as a mitigating factor in Bobby's culpability and not independently worthy of punishment.  Wtf is wrong with that?  I mean if they really want to they can "suspend" him 8+ games while his face heals.  Niko didnt seriously injure anyone.  I missed the pressers etc did he even punch Bobby?  
And by "this guy" I mean u/fandongpai
I think when rules are broken, organizations enforce them. No I don't think firms think the way you do. 
You mean the hypocrisy of defending a guy who has been reported to have instigated the fight?

GM said both players admitted fault. Please shout fake news I’ll link you.
How can you sucker punch someone that’s charging at you? If we are to believe Woj, it’s sounds like It was defensive not a retaliation. 
If I shove you and you drop me with a punch, that’s a sucker punch
Who pushes someone and doesn't expect retaliation? A sucker punch is when you hit someone when they don't expect it. 
If you sucker punch someone when they shove you in a basketball practice, you're a thug. This is the problem with NBA culture. No honor. Watch a hockey game. Pushing and shoving happens all the time, never leads to this. 
Dirty plays do not happen from pushing and shoving. Those things do not escalate, hardly ever. They push and shove in the crease, and move on. Dirty plays are because it’s the fastest game in sports. You need to stay on topic. 
I wish Henry came in on Robez's shoulders like the midget with the giant in Mad Max to say people shouldn't fight
Poor guy
I know it's one-in-trillion odds but Bulls would have a SICK core if they added doncic and MPJ.
Zipser doesn't use past tense because he's too focused on the now 
Who gives a crap
I hate being a guy that just shits on the coach, but Hoiberg just doesnt have control of players. Its like that teacher in HS that was soft and everyone knew it so you would do things in her class that you wouldnt do in other classes.
bro come off it. we haven't even played a game yet. these players can not let themselves think they're losers before the season even starts. this shit has nothing to do with tanking.
It's not fun rooting for a team to fail. This is the wrong crowd for this speech. Folks here think tanking works like it does in 2k.  
Hot take:

Stephen A. Smith vehemently defends Portis, saying he was defending himself over a hate crime.
You're literally retarded
wtf are you talking about Fred had nothing to do with the situation. He's not their dad, he's in charge of how they play basketball.
What he is saying is you're wrong this time too
i never said he'd be fired on the spot. i said this should be used as rationale for him not having control of the team and not making it to next season if we're as bad on the court as we're expected to be. 
Too late! Off with his head! Reddit has already decided Portis will be put to the guillotine for crimes against humanity.
You mean it's not because Bobby has psycho eyes?
Niko fake pumped way too long again. Was it worth it, Niko? Stop fake pumping and shoot, man, when battling with crazy eyes. 
This is why Portis was drafted so low.   Other teams knew of his violent tendencies.
Reportedly, Gar remained seated for hours after the altercation looking for his flip phone.  He managed a faint but audible groan and showed signs of agitation when he discovered the phone wedged itself into the sleeve of his shirt when he dosed off.  He was woken up by a frantic staffer who asked him what to do as Niko was laid out on the court and after a long pause Gar replied "I'll have the beef wellington."
Rightfully so. Goodwill has shown time and time again to be wrong on his reports.
What leadership? Mirotic is the longest tenured person on the team and he's not leader. Pondexter, Rolo and Holiday are the only ones who are sort of vets and they really aren't leaders either.

This team has no continuity and no real identity. Chemistry issues are going to be crazy bad.
i hate hoiberg. i just assume if garpax goes, so does hoiball.
can't ban me unless I say something violent or racist.  
Uh uh. That's never ok. 
> What leadership?

Eaxctly my point. Unless LaVine or someone can step up, this team is going to have zero chemistry. If we ever have a close game late in the 4th, you can bet we'll lose.
Unfortunately in this life, sometimes fighting is necessary.
All I know is the reports coming out today have been saying that Mirotic had been shoving Portis which is what initiated the fight. Also, do you honestly not know what it looks like when someone charges another person? Have you really never been close to fight before? Or are you just trying to stir shit up on reddit?
This guy must be really tough!
well i mean i'm not defending it at all
ALL ABOARD THE TANK!

PLAY BADLY FOR BAGLEY!
Is it sad that I’m still scared of playing u guys after all the years of torment 
Play Poor, Man and fire Foreman?
Be very afraid. The marksman and felder are gonna score 50 points each.
Fuck that, if he sucker punched Mirotic over a scuffle no reason we should keep him while we rebuild since it sends the wrong message to our young team otherwise. 
the ol' defensive face-fracturing sucker punch
Gotta put Nwaba and Blakeney over Pondexter and Felder at the very least. 
